Privacy Policy
Ignite Technology Ltd
This app is aimed at people
over
18
View more information
on data this app collects
This app collects information from you so we can:
Give you the service you wanted
Improve the app over time
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.We collect information from you when you register
        on our site or enter information on our site.
Term and Condition
"Welcome to Lesbian Singles, operated by Ignite Technology Ltd, Inc.
By accessing the Lesbian Singles application or its website found at
lezsingles.ignite.technology
whether through a mobile device, mobile application or computer (collectively, the “Service”) you agree
        to be bound by these Terms of Use (this “Agreement”), whether or not you create a Lesbian Singles account. If you wish to
        create a Lesbian Singles account and make use of the Service, please read these Terms of Use. You should also read the Lesbian Singles
        Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement and available in the Service. If you do not
        accept and agree to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement, including the Lesbian Singles Privacy Policy, do not
        use the Service. Please contact us with any questions regarding this Agreement.
1. Acceptance of Terms of Use Agreement.
a. This Agreement is an electronic contract that establishes the legally binding terms you must accept to
        use the Service. This Agreement includes the Ignite Technology Ltd’s (i) Privacy Policy, (ii) our Safety Tips and (iii) terms
        disclosed and agreed to by you if you purchase or accept additional features, products or services we offer on the
        Service, such as terms governing features, billing, free trials, discounts and promotions.
b. By accessing or using the Service, you accept this Agreement and agree to the terms, conditions and notices
        contained or referenced herein and consent to have this Agreement and all notices provided to you in electronic form.
        To withdraw this consent, you must cease using the Service and terminate your account. Please print a copy of this
        Agreement for your records. To receive a non-electronic copy of this Agreement, please contact us at peekawooapp@gmail.com
        This Agreement may be modified by the Ignite Technology Ltd from time to time, such modifications to be effective upon posting
        by the Ignite Technology Ltd in the Service.
2. Eligibility.
No part of Lesbian Singles is directed to persons under the age of 13. You must be at least 13 years of age to
        access and use the Service. Any use of the Service is void where prohibited. By accessing and using the Service,
        you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide
        by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you create an account, you represent and warrant that you
        have never been convicted of a felony and that you are not required to register as a sex offender with any government
        entity. Using the Service may be prohibited or restricted in certain countries. If you use the Service from outside
        of the United States, you are responsible for complying with the laws and regulations of the territory from which
        you access or use the Service.
3. Creating an Account.
Regarding the information we collect from you and how we use it, please consult our Privacy Policy.
The dating property has joined the Mingle dating network which pools resources and members of several dating properties to provide you with a larger selection of members to communicate with. Any content you post may be visible on other sites/apps on the network.
4. Term and Termination.
This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Service and/or have a Lesbian Singles account.
        You may disable your account at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions in “Settings” in the Service.
        The Ignite Technology Ltd may terminate or suspend your account at any time without notice if the Ignite Technology Ltd believes that
        you have breached this Agreement, or for any other reason, with or without cause, in its sole discretion. Upon such
        termination or suspension, you will not be entitled to any refund of unused fees for in app purchases. The Ignite Technology Ltd
        is not required to disclose, and may be prohibited by law from disclosing, the reason for the termination or suspension
        of your account. After your account is terminated for any reason, all terms of this Agreement survive such termination,
        and continue in full force and effect, except for any terms that by their nature expire or are fully satisfied.
5. Non-commercial Use by Users.
The Service is for personal use only. Users may not use the Service or any content contained in the Service
        (including, but not limited to, content of other users, designs, text, graphics, images, video, information, logos,
        software, audio files and computer code) in connection with any commercial endeavors, such as (i) advertising or
        soliciting any user to buy or sell any products or services not offered by the Ignite Technology Ltd or (ii) soliciting others
        to attend parties or other social functions, or networking, for commercial purposes. Users of the Service may not
        use any information obtained from the Service to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any other user without
        his or her prior explicit consent. Organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not use the Service or the Service
        for any purpose. The Ignite Technology Ltd may investigate and take any available legal action in response to illegal and/or
        unauthorized uses of the Service, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or
        other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email and unauthorized framing of or linking to the Service.
6. Account Security.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the username and password you designate during
        the registration process, and you are solely responsible for all activities that occur under your account. You agree
        to immediately notify the Ignite Technology Ltd of any disclosure or unauthorized use of your account or any other breach
        of security at peekawooapp@gmail.com and ensure that you log out from your account at the end of each session.
7. Your Interactions with Other Users.
a. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY CURRENTLY
        DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS OR SCREENINGS ON ITS USERS. THE COMPANY ALSO DOES NOT INQUIRE INTO THE
        BACKGROUNDS OF ALL OF ITS USERS OR ATTEMPT TO VERIFY THE STATEMENTS OF ITS USERS. THE COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS
        OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT OF USERS OR THEIR COMPATIBILITY WITH ANY CURRENT OR FUTURE USERS. THE COMPANY RESERVES
        THE RIGHT TO CONDUCT ANY CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK OR OTHER SCREENINGS (SUCH AS SEX OFFENDER REGISTER SEARCHES),
        AT ANY TIME AND USING AVAILABLE PUBLIC RECORDS.
b. The Ignite Technology Ltd is not responsible for the conduct of any user. As noted in and without limiting
        Sections 15 and 17 below, in no event shall the Ignite Technology Ltd, its affiliates or its partners be liable (directly
        or indirectly) for any losses or damages whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, general, special, compensatory, consequential,
        and/or incidental, arising out of or relating to the conduct of you or anyone else in connection with the use of
        the Service including, without limitation, death, bodily injury, emotional distress, and/or any other damages resulting
        from communications or meetings with other users or persons you meet through the Service. You agree to take all necessary
        precautions in all interactions with other users, particularly if you decide to communicate off the Service or meet
        in person, or if you decide to send money to another user. In addition, you agree to review and follow the Ignite Technology Ltd\'s
        safety tips, located in the Service, prior to using the Service. You understand that the Ignite Technology Ltd makes no guarantees,
        either express or implied, regarding your ultimate compatibility with individuals you meet through the Service. You
        should not provide your financial information (for example, your credit card or bank account information), or wire
        or otherwise send money, to other users.
8. Proprietary Rights.
The Ignite Technology Ltd owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Service, and in all content, trademarks,
        trade names, service marks and other intellectual property rights related thereto. The Service contains the copyrighted
        material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of the Ignite Technology Ltd and its licensors. You agree to not copy,
        modify, transmit, create any derivative works from, make use of, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material,
        trademarks, trade names, service marks, or other intellectual property or proprietary information accessible through
        the Service, without first obtaining the prior written consent of the Ignite Technology Ltd or, if such property is not owned
        by the Ignite Technology Ltd, the owner of such intellectual property or proprietary rights. You agree to not remove, obscure
        or otherwise alter any proprietary notices appearing on any content, including copyright, trademark and other intellectual
        property notices.
9. Content Posted by You in the Service.
a. You are solely responsible for the content and information that you post, upload, publish, link to, transmit,
        record, display or otherwise make available (hereinafter, “post”) on the Service or transmit to other users, including
        text messages, chat, videos (including streaming videos), photographs, or profile text, whether publicly posted or
        privately transmitted (collectively, “Content”). You may not post as part of the Service, or transmit to the Ignite Technology Ltd
        or any other user (either on or off the Service), any offensive, inaccurate, incomplete, abusive, obscene, profane,
        threatening, intimidating, harassing, racially offensive, or illegal material, or any material that infringes or
        violates another person’s rights (including intellectual property rights, and rights of privacy and publicity). You
        represent and warrant that (i) all information that you submit upon creation of your account, including information
        submitted from your Facebook account, is accurate and truthful and that you will promptly update any information
        provided by you that subsequently becomes inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or false and (ii) you have the right
        to post the Content on the Service and grant the licenses set forth below.
b. You understand and agree that the Ignite Technology Ltd may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any
        Content you post as part of a Service. The Ignite Technology Ltd may delete any Content, in whole or in part, that in the
        sole judgment of the Ignite Technology Ltd violates this Agreement or may harm the reputation of the Service or the Ignite Technology Ltd.
c. By posting Content as part of the Service, you automatically grant to the Ignite Technology Ltd, its affiliates,
        licensees and successors, an irrevocable, perpetual, non- exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up,
        worldwide right and license to (i) use, copy, store, perform, display, reproduce, record, play, adapt, modify and
        distribute the Content, (ii) prepare derivative works of the Content or incorporate the Content into other works,
        and (iii) grant and authorize sub licenses of the foregoing in any media now known or hereafter created. You represent
        and warrant that any posting and use of your Content by the Ignite Technology Ltd will not infringe or violate the rights
        of any third party.
d. In addition to the types of Content described in Section 9(a) above, the following is a partial list
        of the kind of Content that is prohibited in the Service. You may not post, upload, display or otherwise make available
        Content that:
I. that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
II. advocates harassment or intimidation of another person;
III. requests money from, or is intended to otherwise defraud, other users of the Service;
IV. involves the transmission of “junk mail”, “chain letters,” or unsolicited mass mailing or “spamming”
        (or “spimming”, “phishing”, “trolling” or similar activities);
V. promotes information that is false or misleading, or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is defamatory,
        libelous or otherwise objectionable;
VI. promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person’s copyrighted work, such as providing pirated
        computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture- installed copy-protect devices,
        or providing pirated images, audio or video, or links to pirated images, audio or video files;
VII. contains video, audio photographs, or images of another person without his or her permission (or in
        the case of a minor, the minor’s legal guardian);
VIII. contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to
        or from another accessible page);
IX. provides material that exploits people in a sexual, violent or other illegal manner, or solicits personal
        information from anyone under the age of 18;
X. provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons
        or drugs, violating someone’s privacy, or providing, disseminating or creating computer viruses;
XI. contains viruses, time bombs, trojan horses, cancelbots, worms or other harmful, or disruptive codes,
        components or devices;
XII. impersonates, or otherwise misrepresents affiliation, connection or association with, any person or
        entity;
XIII. provides information or data you do not have a right to make available under law or under contractual
        or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information);
XIV. disrupts the normal flow of dialogue, causes a screen to “scroll” faster than other users are able
        to type, or otherwise negatively affects other users’ ability to engage in real time exchanges;
XV. solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other
        users or disseminates another person’s personal information without his or her permission; and
XVI. publicizes or promotes commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as
        contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes.
e. Information on data - You acknowledge and agree that all content uploaded by you to the Service is available for all 
        customers within the Ignite Technology Ltd database and companies that Ignite Technology Ltd is partnered with. This is applicable regardless of the matter 
        that other customers may have registered for the services provided by or us via other apps in the Ignite Technology Ltd Network or us or via other 
        cooperation partners. Reciprocally you also enjoy the benefits of this central database for the Services provided which are available via 
        different apps, due to the broader database available for you.
Your profile and its contents may be searchable by, and you may be able to search for the profiles and their contents of members 
        registered to other apps operated or partnered with us, for example, co-branded or privately labeled. Your profile and its contents may be 
        searchable by third-party search engines, for example Google, MSN, etc.
10. We may use your location to show you tips when you're in participating location venues, and we
        may share this information with our trusted partners.
11. We share your personal data with justsayhi.com for the purpose of profile and photo monitoring, customer support, safety check and fraud monitoring.
Social Networking
Lesbian Singles
is a social network, which means that it may share the following with other members of the
        network:
Photos/
Videos
Location
Likes
Other
To control what you share and with who:
Through the settings window in the application
Data Processing & Backend API
Lesbian Singles
is a part of the Mingle dating network, so
Lesbian Singles
is using APIs at https://api.justsayhi.com as its backend for all data processing and business logic.
Data Collection
User Details
User ID
User ID shared with:
Advertisers
Ad networks
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
Email address
Email address shared with:
Advertisers
Ad networks
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
Personal information (e.g., racial or ethnic data, sexual orientation, childbirth information, religious, etc).
Personal information shared with:
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
Usage Information
Product interaction (e.g., date and time you logged in, features you’ve been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring webpage address, advertising that you click on, purchases that you made within this product)
Product interaction shared with:
Advertisers
Ad networks
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
Other users interaction (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive)
Other users interaction shared with:
Advertisers
Ad networks
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
Device Information
Device identifier (UUID)
Device identifier (UUID) shared with:
Advertisers
Ad networks
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
Advertising ID (such as Google's AAID and Apple's IDFA)
Advertising ID (such as Google's AAID and Apple's IDFA) shared with:
Advertisers
Ad networks
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
IP address
IP address shared with:
Advertisers
Ad networks
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
MAC address
MAC address shared with:
Advertisers
Ad networks
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
OS version
OS version shared with:
Advertisers
Ad networks
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
App crashes
App crashes shared with:
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
App performance
App performance shared with:
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
User files
Photos/videos/audio
Browser history
Phone/text log
Contacts
Messages
Installed apps
Location
Location Data
Location Data shared with:
Advertisers
Ad networks
Other companies within group
Other 3rd parties
Biometrics
Fingerprint reader
Voice authentification
Health, medical or therapy information
Data
Advertising
This app includes adverts.
We provide our partners with some information about the way you use our app so they can advertise products and services that
      are more likely to be relevant to you.
Ad networks are companies that manage the advertising process on this and many other apps. For that reason, they may
      know information about you based on the way you use all the apps where they provide advertising services. They compile
      this information to paint a picture of which types of adverts you are likely to be interested in.
You can find out more about how they use your personal information here:
AdSense
iAd
Inmobi
AdMob
Appodeal
Analytics
Lesbian Singles
includes measuring tools. We want to learn how you use the app so we can improve it in future
      updates.
The data is seen:
Only by us
By us and our partners
We measure:
Your use of this app
Your use of this app and other functions
Third Party Accounts
If you have registered using a third party social media platform, such as Facebook, your profile will be available to users
Lesbian Singles
and the Mingle dating network.
To enable users to create their
Lesbian Singles
account and log into the app via Facebook, we may collect data from Facebook that includes Email Address, name, age, gender for registration and albums/photos if user decides to import those photos to
Lesbian Singles
.
We only use the APIs, OAuth Tokens, Widgets, or other means provided by the applicable Social Media Account to integrate your Social Media Account with our App. As such, we only receive the limited information that each Social Media Account permits to be transferred.
Direct Marketing
From time to time, we might contact you via:
Email
Message Within app
These may be sent:
By Ourselves
By a third party
By multiple third parties
We may send them :
To you
To your contacts
If we send them to your contacts, they will be sent:
From you
From Us
We will ask for your consent when sending messages:
To yourself
To your contacts
We do not ask for consent
Location Services
Lesbian Singles
accesses your location so it can:
These may be sent:
Help the user navigate
Connect the user with friends
Serve content relevant to your location
Make targeted offers/serve relevant ads
Geo-tagging content (e.g photos)
It shares your location with:
User's friends
To your contacts
Your device allows control whether this app accesses your location or not. Visit your device settings screen/s for more
    information
Process Payments
From time to time,
Lesbian Singles
may invite you to purchase items. We will therefore have access to sensitive
      billing information such as credit card or bank account details
We make sure your sensitive information is as secure as it could be. We do this via:
Https SHA 256 Encryption
Security
The security of your personal information is extremely important. We take the following precautions to make sure it cannot
      be accessed or altered:
Data encrypted in transit
Data encrypted in storage
Industry standard Internal security protocols
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
lezsingles.ignite.technology
support@mingle.com
USERS’ RIGHTS
You have full control of your information including data from other parties such as Facebook by using the following tools:
Edit Profile / Settings in the Services:
tools that help you to access, rectify or delete information that you provided to us and that’s associated with your account directly within the service. If you have any questions on those tools and settings, please contact our customer support team for help by email support@mingle.com
Device Permissions:
mobile devices and browsers have permission systems for device data and services, such as photos, location services, push notifications, etc. You can always change the settings on your device to either allow or reject the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. In case you do that, some services may lose full functionality.
Data / Account Deletion.
You can delete your account by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service or request us to delete your data completely by email support@mingle.com
For the protection of you and of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.