Language
English
简体中文
Violy Privacy Agreement
Violy Privacy Agreement
Updated Date: 2023-03-10
Validated Date: 2023-03-10
Violy is an instruments practicing tool provided by Shenzhen Mango Future Technology Co., Ltd.. This Document will explain how Violy collects, uses and stores your personal information, along with the rights you are entitled to. We will use this Document to explain the relevant details and here are key points:
We will describe the types of personal information we collect and their corresponding uses in order for you to understand how we collect specific types, reasons for its use and methods of such collection of personal information for a particular function.
At present, Violy will not actively share or transfer your personal information to any third parties.
At present, Violy will not actively obtain your personal information from a third party.
You can access, correct and delete your personal information through the instructions listed in this Document. You can cancel your account.
For more detailed information on the above, please refer to the relevant sections in following index:
1.  The Information We Collect
2.  Storage of Information
3.  Information Security
4.  How We Use Information
5.  External Parties
6.  Your Rights
7.  Amendments
8.  Protections of Minors
9.  Contact us
In the process of using Violy service, Violy will, in accordance with the following ways, collect information provided by you during the use of the service or information generated by the use of the service in order to provide such services to you, optimize our services and protect your account security:
1.1 When you register with Violy service, we will collect your mobile phone number, student/teacher identity, etc. The purpose of collecting is to assist you complete the Violy registration and ensure your account security. Mobile phone numbers are considered to be sensitive information. As such, the collection of such information is to meet the relevant laws and regulations of the identity verification network system requirements. If you do not provide such information, you may not be able to use our services properly. You may also choose to fill in nick name, profile picture, gender, region and other information in accordance to your own preference.
1.2 When you use Violy’s service, in order to ensure the normal use of our services, to maintain the normal operation of our services, and to optimize and improve our services and protect the safety of your account, we will collect information about your device model, operating system, unique device identifier, login IP address, Violy version number, access network mode , type and status, the quality of your network, operation logs, service logs and other log information. Such information is basic information which must be collected to provide you with Violy’s service.
1.3.1 When you use Violy’s Audition Practicing function, we will record voice during the Audition practicing, save the practicing voice and upload the practicing record and voice file to cloud. This is the key function of Violy service. Cloud saved records and voices are used to support  teachers to view student's practices, help Violy to carry out further statistics and analysis of practice and provide better services by improved algorithm.
1.3.2 When you use an electric piano to practice in Violy and use Audition or Note-by-note in the App, you need to enable Bluetooth permission to connect Violy with your electric piano to more accurately identify your instrument's sound. You have the right to refuse the authorization and the refusal will only make you unable to use the above functions but will not affect your normal use of other functions of Violy;
1.3.3 Some mobile phone systems require the App to have location permission when searching for nearby Bluetooth products. Only with this permission can the App search for nearby Bluetooth electric piano products. We promise that the location permission will only be used in matching the bluetooth of the electric piano and will not be used for other purposes.
1.4.1 When you explicitly operate the function of Daily Challenge in Violy, the App will start recording, analyze and count the duration of the music instruments' sound on Violy. This recording will not be uploaded to the server. It will only be used for analysis on the App client, and will not leave the current device and be shared. When you explicitly stop Challenge practicing and clock in, the recording will stop. By default, the recording will stop automatically when the App exits the user interface.
1.5 When you use Live Class function of Violy, we collect and upload call records, which are the basic components of Live Class function. We will not save media data such as video screens and voices generated during video calls by default unless we explicitly ask for your consent and get an affirmative answer before saving and uploading a piece of data when we need to save it. This is also a part of service.
1.6 When you use the Live Tutoring function of Violy, we collect and upload the Live Tutoring teacher's name, ID card, bank card and other information to pay for your Live Tutoring lessons. Violy will not share this information with any third party.
1.7 When you use the group management function of Violy App, the group you created and the members who joined the group will be saved in the background to provide better services. Violy will not share this information with any third party.
1.8 When you change your avatar, upload a picture, or make a video audition in the Violy, you need to enable the camera permission and/or photo album permission (subject to the specific function you use) for real-time shooting or picture/video upload. When you log in, you need to authorize log and resource file storage permissions. Log storage is to provide corresponding tracking logs when an exception occurs in the App to help find problems. Resource file storage is for users to use the basic functions of the App even when there is no network.
1.9 When you browse music sheets on Violy Discovery page, in order to intelligently recommend suitable music scores, we will provide you with personalized recommendations based on your past practice and playback preference information. If you do not want to use this kind of personalized recommendation service temporarily, you can turn off this function through the path [My]-[Settings]-[Personalized Recommendation].
In addition, in accordance with relevant laws, regulations and national standards we may collect and process your relevant personal information without asking for your consent in the following circumstances,:
When it is directly related to national interests such as national security and national defense, or it is directly related to major public interests such as public safety, public health, and public right to know;
When it is directly related to a criminal investigation, prosecution, trial or execution of judgments;
In order to protect vital legitimate interests of you or of other individuals, such as right of life, property, and reputation, while it’s hardly to obtain the consent of the individual;
When the personal information is disclosed to the public by yourself;
When the personal information is collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, etc.;
When it is necessary for entering into and/or performance of a contract to which you are the party;
When it is necessary for maintenance of the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering malfunctions and/or troubleshooting products or services;
When it is necessary for legitimate news reporting;
When it is necessary for conducting statistical or academic research which is for public interest, and when the results of academic research or description are provided externally, the personal information contained is de-identified.
Other circumstances as stipulated by laws and regulations.
Please understand that the functions and services we provide you are constantly updated and developed. If a function or service is not in the above description and your information is collected, we will explain to you the type of information, the scope and the purpose of the information collection by means of page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements or other ways, to obtain your consent.
Please note at present Violy will not actively obtain your personal information from a third party. If there is a requirement to obtain your personal information indirectly from a third party for future business development purposes, we will clarify with you the source, type and scope of such personal information. If the processing of personal information for a specific development is beyond the scope of what you originally agreed to provide to a third party, we will obtain your prior express consent before processing your personal information. What's more, we will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations and require that the third party guarantees the legitimacy of the information provided.
2.1 Where information is stored: We will act in accordance with laws and regulations and store personal information collected within the territory in China.
2.2 The Duration Storing Information: In general, we will only keep your personal information for the time necessary to achieve a specific purpose, for example:
Mobile phone number: When you use Violy service, we will need to store your mobile phone number to ensure your normal use of the service. When you delete your Violy account, we will delete the corresponding information;
In the event where we cease our products or services, we will notify you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information or anonymize such information within a reasonable period of time.
We strive to secure users' information to prevent information leakage, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure.
We will use a variety of security measures to ensure the security of information within reasonable security standards. For example, we will use encryption technology (for example, SSL), data anonymization and other means to protect your personal information.
We use ever-improving technical means to enhance the security of the software installed on your device to prevent your personal information from leaking.
We may use information collected by certain features for our other services. For example, we may use the information we collect when you use one of our features, and provide you with specific content in another service, including, but not limited to ads (please click About our Advertisingfor more details), information security tips for content you have read, indirect crowd portraits based on feature tags, and providing more accurate and personalized services and content.
In order to ensure the security of our services, and to enable us to better understand the operations of our applications, we may record information such as your frequency of using our applications, crash logs, overall usage, performance data, and the sources that apps are installed from. We will not combine the information stored in the analytics software with any personally identifiable information you provide in the application.
If we utilize your personal information beyond the scope of our collection statement or a direct or reasonable connection, we will inform you and obtain your prior express consent again before using your personal information in such situations.
At present, we will not actively share or transfer your personal information to a third party. If there are other circumstances in which your personal information is to be shared or transferred or where you require us to share or transfer your personal information to a third party, we will directly obtain or verify the third party has obtained your prior express consent to such share or transfer of your personal information. In addition, we will conduct a risk assessment on the behavior of providing information to a third party.
The third-party SDKs connected to the APP are listed as follows:
Facebook Login SDK
Function: Facebook Login
Types of personal information collected: DisplayName, Email
Facebook Login Privacy Policy:
https://zh-cn.facebook.com/policy.php
Google Login SDK
Function: Google Login
Types of personal information collected: DisplayName, Email
Google SingnIn Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Aurora Push SDK
Function: implement of message push (or other notification push) functions.
Types of personal information collected: device information, geographic location, network information.
Aurora Push Privacy Policy:
https://www.jiguang.cn/license/privacy
Umeng+ SDK
Function: Statistical analysis service, and basic anti-cheating service provided by the accuracy of geographic location calibration report data.
Type of personal information collected: device Mac address, unique device identification code (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information).
Umeng+ Push Privacy Policy:
https://www.umeng.com/page/policy?spm=a211eg.10560647.0.0.547034dcafEUZJ
Flurry SDK
Function: Statistical analysis service, and basic anti-cheating service provided by the accuracy of geographic location calibration report data.
Type of personal information collected: device Mac address, unique device identification code (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information).
Flurry Privacy Policy:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/docs/analytics/privacyregulation/summary/
Firebase SDK
Function: Statistical analysis service, and basic anti-cheating service provided by the accuracy of geographic location calibration report data.
Type of personal information collected: device Mac address, unique device identification code (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information).
Firebase Privacy Policy:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Tencent Bugly SDK
Function: Used for app exception reporting
Type of personal information collected: device Mac address, unique device identification code (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information).
Tencent Bugly Privacy Policy:
https://privacy.qq.com/document/priview/fbd2c3f898df4c1c869925dd49d57827
Zego SDK
Function: The user uses the video call feature
Types of personal information collected: Camera permissions
Zego Privacy Policy:
https://www.zego.im/privacy
Qiniu SDK
Function: Used for remote file storage
Types of personal information collected: Location permissions
Qiniu Privacy Policy:
https://developer.qiniu.com/pili/8027/sdk-privacy-policy
Agora SDK
Function: Used to provide point-to-point message communication
Types of personal information collected: Network status, storage writes
Agora Privacy Policy:
https://www.agora.io/en/privacy-policy/
We will not publicly disclose personal information collected by us. If we have to disclose such information publicly, we will inform you of the purpose of such disclosure, type of information disclosed and the sensitive information that may be involved, and obtain your prior express consent.
As our business continues to develop, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, transfers of assets, etc. We will inform you of such circumstances and continue to protect your personal information and require new controllers to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with the laws, regulations and the standards as strict as required by this Document.
In addition, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and national standards, in the following circumstances, we may share, transfer, or publicly disclose personal information without prior consent of the subject of personal information:
When it is directly related to national security or national defense;
When it is directly related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;
When it is directly related to a criminal investigation, prosecution, trial or execution of judgments;
When it is for protecting vital legitimate interests of you or of other individuals, such as right of life, property, and reputation while it’s hardly to obtain the consent of the individual;
When the personal information is disclosed to the public by yourself;
When the personal information is collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, etc..
During your using of Violy, in order to provide you with an easier way to access, change, delete your personal information while ensuring you with the right to withdraw your consent regarding the use of personal information and the right to cancel your account, we have provided you with the applicable function in our product design. You may refer to the following operational Guidelines. In addition, we have also set up a report and complaints channel, in order to address your feedback in a timely manner.
6.1 Access and Modify Personal Information
*   After entering Violy app, tap on [Me].
*   Tap on the column with your profile photo.
*   Access your information and modify them.
6.2 Feedback
After entering Violy app, tap on [Me];
Tap on [Help/Feedback];
Tap on [Feedback/Suggestion].
6.3 Delete Violy account
Email to support@violy.app. We will process it in time.
Note: After your account is canceled, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
We may revise this Document opportunely. In the event where the terms of this Document are amended, we will show you amended Document by ways of push notifications and/or pop-up windows when you log in or when the APP version has been updated.
We place great importance in the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, according to the relevant laws and regulations, your parents’ or legal guardian's written consent should be obtained prior to your use of Violy service.
If you are a legal guardian of a minor, you may contact us through the contact information specified in Section 9 when you have queries regarding the personal information of your minors.
If you have any other complaints, suggestions, or queries regarding personal information of minors, please send to: support@violy.app.
We will review your queries as soon as possible and respond within three days after verifying your identity.
Shenzhen Mango Future Technology Co., Ltd.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.jiguang.cn/license/privacy:
隐私政策
最近更新日期：2025年01月16日
更新版本生效时间：2025年01月16日
版本更新提示：
我们基于业务调整依据相关法律法规和技术规范对《极光隐私政策》进行了更新，其中主要包括如下内容：
更新了《接入合作方SDK目录》，优化了部分条款的表述。
为了更好的保护您的个人信息，建议您仔细阅读更新后的隐私政策，尤其是以黑色加粗的条款。如您对本隐私政策条款有任何异议或疑问，您可通过本隐私政策第十条“如何联系我们”中公布的联系方式与我们沟通。
引言
欢迎您使用由深圳市和讯华谷信息技术有限公司（以下称“极光”或称“我们”）及其关联公司在极光平台（以下简称“本平台”）上提供的产品和/或服务，我们的注册地址为【深圳市南山区粤海街道高新区社区科技南路18号深圳湾科技生态园12栋A3104、A3105、A3106】。
您以及您的终端用户的个人信息安全对我们来讲至关重要，我们会尽全力为您和/或您的终端用户提供安全的网络环境，同时恪守以下原则，保护您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息：权责一致原则、目的明确原则、选择同意原则、最少够用原则、确保安全原则、主体参与原则、公开透明原则。我们依据《中华人民共和国网络安全法》、《中华人民共和国数据安全法》、《中华人民共和国个人信息保护法》以及互联网行业关于信息保护的法律法规，并参考《信息安全技术个人信息安全规范》（GB/T
              35273-2020）等推荐性国家标准保护您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息。
《极光隐私政策》（以下简称“本政策”）适用于我们为您提供产品和/或服务过程中对于您提供的个人信息处理和保护。我们提供的产品和服务包括但不限于开发者服务（极光推送、极光安全认证、极光运营增长、极光统一消息系统[极光UMS]、极光VaaS、极光短信、极光IM、极光魔链）、数据服务（月狐数据、金融科技、iAudience、极光调研）等已经存在的以及不时创新研发的其他产品和服务。
本政策介绍了我们向您提供本平台产品和/或服务中收集、使用、存储、共享、转让您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息的目的、方式、范围和信息安全保护措施，以及我们为您提供访问、更正、删除等控制个人信息的权利和方法。为了便于您阅读及理解，我们尽量用简单易懂的语句进行表述，并对关键术语进行了定义，
请参见本政策“
附录 1：关键词定义
”。
您知晓并确认您在注册时已经阅读并且充分理解本政策的所有内容。
提示您注意，我们对个人敏感信息都用“加黑并斜体”的书写方式进行特别提醒，对您及您的终端用户的重大权益影响条款用“加黑”的书写方式进行特别提醒，您在使用我们提供服务过程中如涉及到敏感个人信息的处理，应当取得您终端用户的单独授权同意。在向我们提供任何属于您和/或您的终端用户的个人敏感信息前，请您清楚考虑该等提供是恰当的并且同意我们可按本政策所述的目的和方式处理您和/或您的终端用户的个人敏感信息。
我们会在得到您的同意后收集和使用您和/或您的终端用户的个人敏感信息，以实现本平台为您提供的相关功能。我们允许您对您和/或您的终端用户个人敏感信息的收集与使用做出不同意的选择，但是拒绝提供这些信息会影响本平台为您提供相关服务功能。
请在使用我们的产品或服务前，仔细阅读并了解本政策中特定产品的详细信息。我们希望您使用极光产品（和/或服务）时，对提供您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息做出明智的决策。我们在网站文档中添加了
「合规指南」
，以帮助您以更智能、更隐私的方式使用极光产品或服务。如果您不同意本政策，您应立即停止使用我们提供的产品和/或服务，包括极光平台、网站等。
需要特别说明的是，当您使用我们的产品和服务时，我们会处理两大类个人信息：
1. 您作为极光开发者客户（或潜在开发者客户）的个人信息；
2.
              您的终端用户的个人信息，包括设备标识符信息、设备硬件信息、操作系统信息、网络信息、
精确位置信息、软件列表信息、手机号
（仅用于极光短信和极光安全认证）、推送信息日志。
我们处理这些类别的个人信息的方式会有不同，因为我们与您是直接合同关系，这不同于我们与您的终端用户的间接关系。作为我们的客户，若您利用我们的产品或服务，为您的终端用户再行提供服务而收集的信息部分，
您应当根据适用的法律法规另行与您的终端用户约定隐私政策，及时披露极光SDK目录及数据处理情况，确保您的终端用户已同意极光的隐私政策；若您未要求您的终端用户同意本隐私政策的内容，您应停止使用极光的产品和/或服务。
本政策帮助您了解以下内容：
一、我们如何收集和使用您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie等同类技术
三、终端用户的授权与同意
四、我们如何共享、转让、公开披露您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息
五、我们如何存储您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息
六、我们如何保护您和/或您终端用户的个人信息
七、我们如何使您拥有管理个人信息的权利
八、我们如何处理儿童的个人信息
九、我们如何更新与修改本政策
十、如何联系我们
十一、处理个人信息的其他法律依据（仅限EEA）
附录 1：关键词定义
一、我们如何收集和使用您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息
我们会依据引言中所提及的相关法律法规，遵循正当、合法、必要的原则，出于本政策所述的以下目的，收集和使用您在使用本平台过程中主动提供的、因您使用本平台而产生的以及我们从第三方获取的您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息。
无论基于以下何种场景收集和使用您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息，我们通常只会在征得您同意的情况下进行，除非在某些情况下，基于法律义务或者可能需要保护您或其他人的重要利益向您和/或您的终端用户收集个人信息。
请您理解，极光为了更好地向您和/或您的终端用户提供技术和服务，或由于商业策略的变化，本平台上的产品和/或服务的功能也可能进行更迭和发展。如果我们要将您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息用于本政策未载明的其它用途，或基于特定目的收集的个人信息将用于其他目的，或我们的处理方式发生变更的，我们会通过本平台以合理的方式向您告知，并在使用前再次征得您的同意，请您通知您的用户并获得用户的授权同意。
为了实现完整功能需要，极光服务在应用程序前后台都可能保持开启状态。在极光服务开启状态中，我们收集、处理您和您用户的信息的目的、方式、个人信息的种类、规则如下：
(一)您作为极光开发者客户（或潜在开发者客户）的个人信息
为实现本平台的基本业务功能，我们可能需要收集、使用您的相关个人信息。以下将详细说明我们的不同的业务功能以及为实现该功能所需的个人信息类型，若您拒绝提供，则无法使用本平台的相关产品和/或服务。
1、注册、登录
当您注册/登录极光账户时，您需要提供您的手机号及验证码用于完成账号注册，您还可能需要向我们提供您的姓名、公司名称、所在省市、电子邮件地址，以便我们与您沟通产品使用与费用支付情况。当您是企业用户时，根据相关法律规定，还需要您提供
企业营业执照信息
用于开发者实名认证。
2、安全防护
为保障您的账户安全与系统运行安全，更准确地预防钓鱼网站欺诈，当您在访问和浏览极光网站时，我们会自动收集您使用极光产品和/或服务的详细情况，并作为网络日志进行保存，包括Internet
                协议(IP)地址，浏览器类型，Internet
                服务提供商（ISP），参考/退出页面，操作系统，日期/时间戳和点击数据流，以判断您的账户风险，保障极光为您正常提供服务，统计流量，排查异常信息以及检测、预防和调查欺诈、滥用或安全事件。
(二) 您的终端用户的个人信息
为实现本平台不同产品/服务的基本业务功能，我们可能需要收集、使用您终端用户的相关个人信息。以下将详细列出我们的业务功能及为实现该功能所必需的信息类型，这些个人信息的收集、使用需要在您确认已获得了终端用户同意的前提下进行：
1.极光推送SDK
（1）功能介绍
①基本功能：为开发者赋予消息和通知的推送能力，实现向您的终端用户进行消息推送。
②扩展功能：为提升开发者的服务体验，我们提供了用户分群推送、地理围栏推送、应用自启动、链路调节器、应用活跃时长统计功能。
（2）个人信息的收集
产品功能类型
产品功能名称
个人信息类型及字段
是否必选
用途和目的
基本功能
消息推送
设备标识符（包括Android ID、GAID、OAID、UAID、IDFA、AAID）
是
用于生成脱敏的终端用户设备唯一性标识，以确保能准确进行消息推送。
设备硬件信息（包括设备型号、设备屏幕分辨率、设备硬件制造商、设备产品名称、设备存储空间）、操作系统信息（包括操作系统版本、系统名称、系统语言）
是
用于保证服务在不同设备上的兼容性，确保消息准确下发。
网络信息（包括网络类型、运营商信息、IP地址、WIFI状态信息）
是
用于判断SDK与服务器的网络连接状态，保证服务的稳定性和连续性。
推送信息日志
是
用于您查询推送服务记录，了解推送信息送达的情况。
设备标识符（包括IMEI、MAC、IMSI）
可选
用于对生成终端用户设备唯一标识的补充，提升唯一设备标识的准确性，进而提升推送的精确度和触达率。
网络信息（包括SSID、BSSID、WiFi列表信息、基站信息）
可选
用于判定模糊位置信息，选择就近推送服务节点提供推送服务，提升推送触达率。
扩展功能
用户分群推送
软件列表信息（包括软件列表及软件运行列表信息）、
位置相关信息
是
有助于帮助您洞察您终端用户的兴趣偏好，实现用户分群推送；通过该功能为用户提供更合适的推送内容，尽量减少无用推送内容对用户的打扰，进一步提升用户体验。
地理围栏推送
位置相关信息
是
用于提供“推送报表”以及地理围栏推送功能。
链路调节器
软件列表信息（包括软件列表及软件运行列表信息）
是
我们采用合并链路技术进⾏信息推送，当一个设备有多个APP的推送链路同时活跃时，我们采用合并链路技术，随机合并成一条链路，以达到为用户省电省流量的目的，当一个设备有离线推送消息待下发的场景时，通过关联启动功能可以下发离线消息，当您关闭这项服务时，关联启动也同时会关闭，会导致电量和流量消耗加大，同时消息触达率也会降低。
应用自启动
软件列表信息（包括软件列表及软件运行列表信息）
是
主要⽤于优化SDK⻓连接，提升推送送达率及应用活跃度，开发者可以按需配置。
应用活跃时长统计
应用收到推送后切换到后台和前台的活跃时长数据
是
为了帮助开发者更好的分析推送效果和用户行为，进一步优化您的推送策略，提高用户参与度和转化率。
针对可选信息和扩展功能，您可以选择关闭，
请开发者结合业务实际需要进⾏合理配置。
2.极光安全认证SDK
（1）功能介绍
①基本功能：为开发者提供一键认证功能，实现终端用户账号一键登录和短信验证。
②扩展功能：为提升开发者的服务体验，我们为开发者提供用户安全风控、应用自启动功能。
（1）个人信息的收集
我们在此收集使用的您终端用户的个人信息包括：
产品功能类型
产品功能名称
个人信息类型及字段
是否必选
用途和目的
基本功能
一键认证
设备标识符（包括Android ID、GAID、OAID、UAID、IDFA、ICCID）
是
用于生成脱敏的终端用户设备唯一性标识，用于防范安全风险。
设备硬件信息（包括设备型号、设备屏幕分辨率、设备硬件制造商、设备产品名称、设备存储空间）、操作系统信息（包括操作系统版本、系统名称、系统语言）
是
用于保证服务在不同设备上的兼容性。
网络信息（包括网络类型、运营商信息、IP地址、WIFI状态信息）
是
用于判断用户是否连接了移动网络，锁定使用服务手机号，获取当前上网卡的预取号以及token信息，从而实现在移动网络状态下的一键登录和短信验证功能。
手机号
是
用于提供手机号一键登录能力和给相应号码发送短信验证码。
设备标识符（包括IMEI、MAC、IMSI）
可选
用于对生成终端用户设备唯一标识的补充，提升唯一设备标识的准确性。
基站信息
可选
用于判定模糊位置信息，选择就近的认证服务节点，提升认证服务效率。
扩展功能
安全风控
软件列表信息（包括软件列表及软件运行列表信息）
是
用于识别用户应用环境及判断已安装的APP信息，帮助您识别异常软件与拦截机器程序的批量自动化操作，保护用户账号安全等。
位置相关信息
是
用于按照地域识别设备异常等团伙攻击/识别地理位置伪造，保护用户账号安全等。
网络信息（包括网络类型、运营商名称、基站信息、IP地址、WiFi状态信息、WiFi列表信息、SSID、BSSID）
是
用于分析当前设备的风险等级，可有效识别作弊行为，剔除作弊设备，识别恶意刷量、恶意程序、保护用户账号安全等。
应用自启动
软件列表信息（包括软件列表及软件运行列表信息）
是
用于让用户的号码验证能够更及时、有效地完成，有助于提高应用的安全性与用户体验
针对可选信息，您可以选择关闭，
请开发者结合业务实际需要进⾏合理配置
。
为保障极光安全认证服务的稳定运行、功能实现，极光安全认证服务中会接入由合作方提供的软件开发工具包（SDK）、应用程序接口（API），您/您的终端用户表示理解并认可。我们会对合作方获取信息的软件开发工具包（SDK）、应用程序接口（API）进行严格的安全检测，并与合作方约定严格的数据保护措施，令其按照本政策以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。
我们接入的合作方详情如下，我们建议您阅读相关的隐私政策（提请注意：以下合作方的隐私政策因情势变化，可能会不定期的进行更新，请您进行关注并查看）：
（1）火山引擎API
信息使用主体：北京火山引擎科技有限公司
处理方式：委托处理
使用信息：手机号码、IP
使用目的：提供终端用户风险识别服务
火山引擎隐私政策链接：
https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6256/64902
3.极光运营增长SDK
（1）功能介绍
①基本功能：为开发者提供数据分析和用户画像能力，帮助开发者提供更符合用户偏好的内容和服务，减少非必要信息对用户的打扰。
②扩展功能：为开发者提供应用自启动功能。
（2）个人信息的收集
我们在此收集使用的您终端用户的个人信息包括：
产品功能类型
产品功能名称
个人信息类型及字段
是否必选
用途和目的
基本功能
数据分析和用户画像
设备标识符（包括Android ID、GAID、OAID、UAID、IDFA）
是
用于生成脱敏的终端用户设备唯一性标识，以确保能准确进行设备统计。
设备硬件信息（包括设备型号、设备屏幕分辨率、设备硬件制造商、设备产品名称、设备存储空间）、操作系统信息（包括操作系统版本、系统名称、系统语言）
是
用于保证服务在不同设备上的兼容性，按设备情况维度提供统计报表，对您终端用户进行精细化行为数据分析以及帮助您生成更丰富的用户画像，便于您进行精准营销。
网络信息（包括网络类型、运营商信息、IP地址、基站信息）
是
用于判断SDK与服务器的网络连接状态，保证服务的稳定性和连续性，同时进行用户行为分析。
软件列表信息（包括软件列表及软件运行列表信息）
是
用于数据统计、数据分析及画像生成，帮助您了解用户的兴趣爱好，进行精准营销，避免其他非必要内容对您用户进行打扰。
设备标识符（包括IMEI、MAC、IMSI）
可选
用于对生成终端用户设备唯一标识的补充，提升唯一设备标识的准确性。
网络信息（包括SSID、BSSID、WiFi列表信息、WIFI状态信息）
可选
为判断联网状态，实现网络链路选择，确保不同连网状态下服务稳定提供。
位置相关信息
可选
于提供基于地理位置的“统计报表”及用户画像，帮助您提升营销效果和节省流量成本。
扩展功能
应用自启动
软件列表信息（包括软件列表及软件运行列表信息）
是
用于能更及时的分析用户行为和偏好，以提供精准营销策略，增强用户参与度和转化率。
针对可选信息，您可以选择关闭，
请开发者结合业务实际需要进⾏合理配置
。您在使用极光运营增长服务时，为提升运营效果，您可以自行决定是否提供您终端用户的其他信息给我们，
您知悉并同意，在使用极光运营增长服务时，您允许极光运营增长SDK收集及您自行上报给我们的您终端用户的个人信息，均已取得了用户的合法授权。
4.数据服务：
我们将基于本隐私政策合法收集的个人信息，按照业内领先的去标识化、匿名化以及假名话等数据安全技术对您的终端用户个人信息进行处理，通过数据加工、分析，形成数据产品（包括月狐数据、金融科技、标签服务iAudience、营销分等），为各垂直行业客户反馈分析结果，提供数据解决方案。我们将采取技术措施和其他必要措施进行处理，以无法识别或反推个人信息的形式进行聚合性、匿名性的群体性分析与研究；在营销场景下，基于您终端用户与机构之间的授权，我们通过去标识化的算法模型预测人群偏好，辅助机构提升营销效果；在反欺诈及风控审核场景下，基于您终端用户与征信机构（如百行征信、朴道征信）、持牌金融机构之间的授权，我们通过去标识化的机器学习和算法模型训练，进行汇聚融合和分析，用于识别您的终端用户的风险，为持牌机构提供预测服务。
5.权限申请
您可以通过
《极光SDK产品合规指引说明》
点击您使用SDK对应的SDK《合规指引》，以了解极光各SDK申请和使用系统权限的情况，针对可选权限，您可以选择关闭，但可能会影响你SDK业务功能的实现或效果，我们强烈建议您打开。
提请您注意并知悉极光SDK为实现上述业务功能，收集您终端用户“设备信息”、“网络信息”、
“软件列表信息”
和/或
“精确位置信息”
的前提是，终端用户授权同意开启“设备信息权限”、“网络访问权限”、“软件列表权限”和/或“位置权限”,
如果您的终端用户不想被收集上述信息，可以通过关闭“网络访问权限”、“设备信息权限”、“软件列表权限”和/或“位置权限”实现。
极光各SDK服务权限使用及目的
Android 操作系统应用权限列表
权限名称
是否可选
涉及产品
功能描述
INTERNET
必选
极光推送SDK
极光安全认证SDK
极光运营增长SDK
极光VaaS SDK
极光魔链SDK
允许SDK联网和上报数据，实现SDK业务功能最基础的权限
ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
必选
极光推送SDK
极光安全认证SDK
极光运营增长SDK
极光VaaS SDK
极光魔链SDK
检测联网方式，在网络异常状态下避免数据发送，节省流量和电量
ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
必选
极光安全认证SDK
查看wifi状态，判断是否连接wifi，检测安全认证环境
CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE
必选
极光安全认证SDK
极光VaaS SDK
用于查看网络状态变化，在联网状态下实现手机号码的获取，实现一键登录和号码验证/进行视频播放暂停
POST_NOTIFICATIONS
必选
极光推送SDK
用于适配Android 13及以上设备的应用弹出通知
QUERY_ALL_PACKAGES
可选
Android11及以上设备的适配，deeplink通知跳转；判断目标应用是否已安装
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
可选
极光推送SDK
在推送场景下，用于避免同一用户生成多个推送ID，节省推送成本
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
可选
ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
可选
极光推送SDK
极光运营增长SDK
查看wifi状态，选择最优联网链路进行网络连接，以节省流量和电量
READ_PHONE_STATE
可选
极光推送SDK
极光安全认证SDK
极光运营增长SDK
获取手机状态参数，辅助生成极光唯一设备标识符
ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
可选
用于获取位置信息，实现地理围栏推送/用户分群推送和运营/反作弊功能，剔除作弊设备/基于地理位置信息形成的报表数据更加准确
ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
可选
ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION
可选
JPUSH_MESSAGE
必选
极光推送SDK
JPush自定义权限，用于发送接收广播权限校验
VIBRATE
可选
振动器权限，极光推送SDK支持通知开启振动功能，小米推送必须
JOPERATE_MESSAGE
可选
极光运营增长SDK
SDK自定义权限，用于发送接收广播权限校验
CHANGE_WIFI_STATE
可选
极光安全认证SDK
允许获取程序改变WIFI连接状态，用于获取用户手机号，实现安全认证功能
iOS 操作系统应用权限列表
权限名称
是否可选
涉及产品
功能描述
网络访问权限
必选
极光推送SDK
极光安全认证SDK
极光运营增长SDK
允许SDK联网和上报数据，实现SDK业务功能最基础的权限
定位权限
可选
用于获取位置信息，实现地理围栏推送/用户分群运营/反作弊功能，剔除作弊设备/基于地理位置信息形成的报表数据更加准确。
IDFA
可选
idfa 包使用，用于获取设备唯一标识符
Harmony 操作系统应用权限列表
权限名称
是否可选
涉及产品
功能描述
INTERNET
必选
极光推送SDK
极光安全认证SDK
允许SDK联网和上报数据，实现SDK业务功能最基础的权限
GET_WIFI_INFO
必选
查看wifi状态，判断是否连接wifi，实现业务功能最基础的权限
GET_NETWORK_INFO
必选
检测联网方式，在网络异常状态下避免数据发送，节省流量和电量
APPROXIMATELY_LOCATION
可选
极光推送
用于获取位置信息，实现用户分群推送功能。
LOCATION
可选
APP_TRACKING_CONSENT
必选
极光推送
用于生成脱敏的终端用户设备唯一性标识，以确保能准确进行消息推送
SET_NETWORK_INFO
必选
极光安全认证SDK
用于运营商SDK配置数据网络
我们承诺，除本政策有明确约定的外我们绝不收集或者要求您的终端用户提供包括但不限于个人种族、政治倾向、宗教、信仰、个人基因数据或生物特征数据、性取向等其他个人敏感信息。
6.授权取消
如您的终端用户不希望我们进行前述处理，您或者您的终端用户可以通过本政策第十条列明的联系方式与我们联系或通过我们的用户退出机制（https://www.jiguang.cn/disclaimer）取消授权。
当我们要将个人信息用于本政策未载明的其它用途时，会事先通知您，也会请您通知您的终端用户并征求终端用户的同意。当我们要将基于特定目的收集而来的信息用于其他目的时，也会事先通知您并且请您通知您的终端用户并征求终端用户的同意。
(三) 我们从第三方获取的您的个人信息
1.
                      我们可能通过与第三方开展的业务合作，获取您（包括您的终端用户）授权第三方向我们提供的数据。您（包括您的终端用户）已知悉并同意，我们在与第三方(如电商平台、媒体平台、电信运营商等)开展业务合作时，我方可能会自第三方处查询并获取其合法收集的与您（包括您的终端用户）相关的数据。出于优化对您的服务的必要，我们亦会考虑将此类数据用于对您的本次或相关服务中。我们保证严格依照与第三方签订的合同以及相关法律规定处理您的个人信息，同时请您详细阅读该第三方的隐私政策及用户协议。
2.
                      我们可能通过网页等公开途径获得、适当使用有关您（包括您的终端用户）的公开信息，或者从第三方提供商处获取有关您企业已经对外公示的经营性信息，以帮助我们更好地了解我们的客户群，例如您的行业、您企业的规模和您企业的网站URL。
(四) 征得授权同意的例外
请您理解，在下列情形中，根据法律法规及相关国家标准，我们收集和使用您和/或您终端用户的个人信息无需征得您和/或您的终端用户的授权同意：
1.与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益直接相关的；
2.出于维护您或其他个人的生命、财产等重大合法权益但又很难得到本人同意的；
3.所收集的您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息是您自行向社会公众公开的；
4.从合法公开披露的信息中收集的您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息的，如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道；
5.根据您的要求签订或履行合同所必需的；
6.用于维护软件及相关服务的安全稳定运行所必需的，例如发现、处置软件及相关服务的故障；
7.法律法规规定的其他情形。
特别提示您注意，如信息无法单独或结合其他信息识别到您和/或您终端用户的个人身份，其不属于法律意义上您和/或您终端用户的个人信息；当您和/或您终端用户的相关信息可以单独或结合其他信息识别到您和/或您终端用户的个人身份时，或者我们将无法与任何特定个人信息建立联系的数据与其他您和/或您终端用户的个人信息结合使用时，这些信息在结合使用期间，将作为您和/或您终端用户的个人信息按照本政策处理与保护。
二、我们如何使用Cookie等同类技术
您使用我们的服务时，为确保网站正常运转，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为 Cookie 的小数据文件。Cookie
              通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码和字符。Cookie主要的功能是便于您使用本平台产品和／或服务，以及帮助网站统计独立访客数量等。运用Cookie技术，我们能够为您提供更加周到的个性化服务，并允许您设定您特定的服务选项。
              当您使用本平台产品和／或服务时，会向您的设备发送Cookie。当您与我们提供给合作方的服务进行交互时，我们允许Cookie（或者其他匿名标识符）发送给我们的服务器。
我们不会将Cookie用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie。您可以清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能。但如果您这么做，则需要在每一次访问我们的网站时亲自更改用户设置，且您可能因为该等修改，无法登录或使用依赖于Cookie的极光提供的服务或功能。
有关我们使用的 Cookie 类型、原因以及如何控制 Cookie 的更多信息，请参阅
AboutCookies.org。
三、终端用户的授权与同意
您作为我们的业务合作伙伴十分清楚，为给您和/或您的终端用户提供您所选择的极光服务，我们会以去标识化或匿名化方式收集、存储、加工来自于您的应用程序的终端用户的个人信息。因此，您接受本政策并把我们的SDK、API或其他统计分析工具、开发者工具集成到您的产品中，则表示您确认并保证：
1. 您已经告知终端用户并且获得终端用户充分、必要且明确的授权、同意和许可，为提供服务之目的允许我们收集和使用其信息；
2.
                    除非适用法律另有规定，您已经告知终端用户并且获得终端用户充分必要的授权、同意和许可，允许我们对已收集的个人信息进行去标识化处理，允许我们在符合相关法律法规的前提下可将收集、处理的信息用于本政策第一条列明的服务用途；
3. 您已经遵守并将持续遵守适用的法律、法规和监管要求，包括但不限于制定和公布有关个人信息保护和隐私保护的相关政策；
4.
                    您已经向终端用户提供易于操作的用户权利实现机制，说明用户如何以及何时可以行使选择权、如何访问、更正其个人信息、行使删除权、更改其授权同意的范围等操作。
四、我们如何共享、转让、公开披露您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息
(一) 共享
除本政策已说明的情况外，您和/或您的终端用户的信息不会以可识别的形式向第三方共享。但以下情况除外：
1. 在获取明确同意的情况下共享。获得您和/或您的终端用户的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您和/或您的终端用户的信息；
2. 我们可能会根据法律法规的规定共享您和/或您终端用户的信息；
3.
                    在法律要求或允许的范围内，为了保护您或社会公众的利益、财产或安全免遭损害而有必要提供您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息给第三方（含消费者权益保护部门等行业组织）；
4. 您和/或您的终端用户自行公开的或者我们能从其他合法公开渠道获取到的个人信息；
5. 我们可能与第三方以不能识别您和/或您的终端用户个人信息的方式（去标识化或如匿名化）分享数据。
6.
                    与我们的关联公司共享：您和/或您的终端用户的信息可能会与极光的关联公司共享。我们只会共享必要的信息，且受本隐私政策中所声明目的的约束。关联公司如要改变信息的处理目的，将再次征求您和/或您的终端用户的授权同意；
7.
                    我们可能聘请受信赖的第三方供应商、顾问或其他服务商（简称“合同伙伴”）为我们提供必要的维护、支持和服务，以提供更好的客户服务和优化用户体验。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要、特定、明确的目的共享您和/或您的终端用户的信息，并且只会共享提供服务所必要的信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将共享的信息用于任何其他用途。
如果您拒绝我们的合作方在提供服务时收集为提供服务所必须的个人信息，将可能导致您无法使用本平台通过该合作方提供的服务。
目前，我们的合作方包括以下类型：
- 广告推广类合作方：为了更精准地定位人群并进行广告投放，我们可能会向广告推广类服务提供方提供您终端用户的IMEI号。
-
              信息服务类合作方：为了能够为极光IM用户提供大文件离线存储的能力，我们可能会向信息服务类供应商提供您终端用户的实时聊天内容（图片，视频，文件）。
- 社交媒体类合作方：为实现极光分享的跨平台分享功能，我们可能会向社交媒体类合作方提供终端用户的分享内容。
-
              推送、认证服务合作方：为了更好的实现推送、认证服务，我们集成了我们合作方的服务能力，部分服务开发者客户可根据自身实际情况选择是否需要集成、使用合作方提供的这些服务，具体以开发者客户最终选择为准。
（《接入合作方SDK目录》）
(二) 转让
我们不会将您和/或您的终端用户的信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1. 获得您和/或您的终端用户明确同意后；
2. 您和/或您的终端用户自行公开的或者我们能从其他合法公开渠道获取到的个人信息。
如果发生合并、收购或破产清算，将可能涉及到个人信息转让，此种情况下我们会要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织继续受本声明的约束。如果本声明中约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式发生任何改变，该公司、组织将重新向您征求授权同意。
(三) 公开披露
在适用法律法规约束下，除非获得您和/或您的最终用户的明确同意，我们不会公开披露您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息。
五、我们如何存储您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息
(一) 存储地点
原则上，我们仅收集在中华人民共和国境内产生的个人信息，并且将收集到的个人信息存储在中华人民共和国境内。您应自主地选择使用本服务的范围，并且负责遵守任何适用的法律，包括但不限于任何当地法律。
若您使用极光的产品或服务，应用于中华人民共和国大陆以外的地区，您应当遵守《中华人民共和国个人信息保护法》关于个人信息跨境传输的有关规定，并符合当地有关数据跨境传输转移的法律法规和监管要求。
在您将极光的产品或服务应用于中华人民共和国大陆以外的地区前，应当同意此项跨境信息传输转移的有关事宜，
并确保取得您用户的单独同意。在此情况下，我们会确保您和您用户的信息得到在中华人民共和国境内足够同等的保护。
请您注意，因跨境传输产生的任何风险和责任、因跨境传输引发的任何纠纷、处罚、投诉或因跨境传输造成任何损失，均由您自行承担。若极光因此遭到投诉、处罚、诉讼或者产生其他纠纷的，您应当负责解决，必要时您还需要承担由此给极光造成的损失。
(二) 存储期限
我们仅出于本政策所述目的和法律法规规定的最短期限存储您和/或最终用户的个人信息，在超出存储期限后，我们会对您的个人信息进行删除或匿名化处理。但是为了遵守相应的法律法规，出于诉讼抗辩、维护公共利益、保护个人财产安全或合法权利的目的，我们可能会延长您和/或您的最终用户的个人信息存储期限。
六、我们如何保护您和/或您终端用户的个人信息
1.
              我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、泄露、滥用、篡改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您和/或您的终端用户数据安全。例如，在您的浏览器与“服务”之间交换数据时受
              SSL 加密保护；我们同时对jiguang.cn 网站提供 https
              安全浏览方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会定期举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
2. 我们已经取得了以下认证：《信息系统等级保护第三级》、《ISO 27001信息安全管理体系认证》、《SDK信息安全证书》
3. 我们的数据安全能力：围绕数据生命周期，建设安全防御，涵盖数据采集、传输、存储、使用、流转、归档、删除等各数据处理阶段。
4.
              我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，确保未收集无关的个人信息。我们只会在达成本隐私政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您和/或您的终端用户的信息，除非需要延长保留期或受到法律的允许。
5.
              互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码并定期修改密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
6. 我们将定期更新并公开安全风险、个人信息安全影响评估等报告的有关内容。您还可通过咨询support@jiguang.cn来获取相关内容。
7.
              互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。尽管我们已经尽到必要且合理的努力，但仍有可能被盗、被非法拥占有或者滥用而给您和您的用户带来人身、财产和声誉等方面损失的危险。您已了解上述风险并自愿承担。
8.
              在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。
9. 同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
七、我们如何使您拥有管理个人信息的权利
我们非常重视您和/或您的终端用户对个人信息的管理，并尽全力保护您对个人信息的查询、访问、修改、删除、投诉举报以及设置隐私功能的相关权利，以保障您和/或您的终端用户的隐私和信息安全。
(一) 针对极光的直接用户
1. 查询、更改您的个人信息
您有权访问您的个人信息，法律法规规定的例外情况除外。如果您想行使数据访问权，譬如您希望访问或编辑您的账户中的企业/个人资料信息和支付信息、更改您的密码、添加安全信息或关闭您的账户等，您可以通过访问
极光用户中心
执行此类操作。
如果您无法通过上述链接访问这些个人信息，您可以发送电子邮件至support@jiguang.cn行使数据访问权。在访问相关信息时，我们可能会要求您进行身份验证，以保障账户安全。
请您理解，由于技术所限、基于法律法规要求，您的某些请求可能无法进行响应。基于法律法规要求、保障信息安全等正当事由，您的部分信息可能无法访问。
2. 删除您的个人信息
在以下任一情形中，您可以通过发送电子邮件至support@jiguang.cn联系客服，请求删除您提供的个人信息：
（1） 我们违反法律法规规定，收集、使用个人信息的；
（2） 我们违反了与您的约定，收集、使用个人信息的；
（3）
                        我们违反法律法规规定或违反与您的约定向第三方共享、转让个人信息，我们将立即停止共享、转让的行为，并通知第三方及时删除；
（4）
                        我们违反法律法规规定或与您的约定，公开披露个人信息，我们将立即停止公开披露的行为，并发布通知要求相关接收方删除相应的信息。
在删除相关信息时，我们可能会要求您进行身份验证，以保障账户安全。以上删除请求一旦被响应，除法律法规另有规定要求保留的信息外，您的个人信息将被删除。
3. 改变您授权同意的范围
每个业务功能往往需要收集一些基本的个人信息才能得以运营，对于您个人信息的收集和使用，您可以发送电子邮件至support@jiguang.cn联系客服要求撤回同意。当您撤回同意后，我们后续将不再收集和使用您相应的个人信息，但请您理解，当您撤回同意或授权后，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务。您撤回同意的决定，不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
4. 注销账户
您随时可以注销此前注册的账户，您可以通过发送电子邮件至support@jiguang.cn联系客服。您应该知道，注销您的极光账户将导致您永久失去对账户和账户中数据的访问权。我们将在验证您的身份并与您协商处理完您账户中的资产后，为您提供账户注销服务。为了向您提供更加便捷的注销方式，我们后续会不断优化我们的产品，并且通过页面公告向您告知。在注销极光账户后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并依据您的要求，尽快删除您的个人信息或将其作匿名化处理，法律法规另有规定的除外。
5. 获得个人信息副本
您有权获取您的个人信息副本，您可以随时发送电子邮件至support@jiguang.cn联系客服。在技术可行的前提下，例如数据接口匹配，我们还可按您的要求，直接将您的个人信息副本传输给您指定的第三方。
6. 拒绝定向推送
您可以按照这些电子邮件中的取消订阅/退出说明选择不接收来自极光的促销电子邮件。您也可以通过发送电子邮件至support@jiguang.cn联系客服来选择退出。请注意，即使您选择退出促销通信，我们仍可能向您发送与我们的服务条款或隐私通知更新、安全警报以及与您访问或使用我们的产品和服务有关的其他通知等相关的非促销信息。
7. 响应您的上述请求
为保障安全，我们可能会要求先验证您的身份，再处理您的请求。您可能需要提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。对于您提出的本节项下的所有请求，我们原则上将于收到您的请求并在验证您用户身份后的15日内进行反馈。
(二) 如果您是使用极光产品或服务的应用程序的终端用户，而不是极光的直接客户，我们建议您：
根据应用程序提供商的隐私政策，请将与您个人信息相关的请求直接发送给相关应用程序提供商处理和寻求帮助，极光在收到来您自应用程序提供商的相关请求并验证请求的真实合法性后，会积极配合，响应请求。
(三)
              对于您和/或您的终端用户的上述的合理请求，我们原则上不收取费用。对于那些无端重复、需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者非常不切实际（例如，涉及备份磁带上存放的信息）的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
在以下情形中，我们将无法响应您和/或您的终端用户的请求：
1、与我们履行法律法规规定的义务相关的；
2、与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益直接相关的；
3、我们有充分证据表明您存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
4、出于维护您或其他个人的生命、财产等重大合法权益但又很难得到本人同意的；
5、响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
6、涉及商业秘密的。
(四) 如您和/或您的终端用户对上述权利实现存在疑问，可以根据本政策第十条所述方式中的相关联系方式与我们取得联系。
八、我们如何处理儿童的个人信息
我们已经在服务前提中明确，不接受儿童注册登记成为我们的用户，并且我们原则上也不接受您提供14周岁以下终端用户的个人信息，请您注意并谨慎提供。尽管各地法律和习俗对儿童的定义不同，但我们将不满
              14 周岁的任何人均视为儿童。如果我们在不知情的情况下向不满 14
              周岁的儿童收集了个人信息，我们将及时删除相关资料，除非法律要求我们保留此类资料。
如果您认为我们错误或意外地向不满14周岁的儿童收集了信息，请及时联系我们：support@jiguang.cn。
如果您的应用是针对不满14周岁的儿童而设计和开发的，请务必确保您的终端用户为监护人，已经阅读并同意应用程序的隐私政策，授权同意提供儿童个人信息给我们以实现应用的相关功能。
九、我们如何更新与修改本政策
为了给您提供更好的服务，本平台及相关服务将不时更新与变化，我们会适时对本政策进行修订，这些修订构成本政策的一部分并具有等同于本政策的效力，未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您和/或您的终端用户按照本隐私政策所应享有的权利。
本政策更新后，我们会在官方网站上发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
对于重大变更，我们还会提供更为显著的通知（包括对于某些服务，我们会通过电子邮件或站内信形式或公告形式发送通知，说明隐私政策的具体变更内容）。
因此，请随时查看和了解您应遵守的隐私政策。如果您不同意接受本隐私政策，请停止访问和使用我们的服务。
本政策所指的重大变更包括但不限于：
1. 我们的服务模式发生重大变化。如处理个人信息的目的、处理的个人信息类型、个人信息的使用方式等；
2. 我们在所有权结构、组织架构等方面发生重大变化。如业务调整、破产并购等引起的所有者变更等；
3. 个人信息共享、转让或公开披露的主要对象发生变化；
4. 您参与个人信息处理方面的权利及其行使方式发生重大变化；
5. 我们负责处理个人信息安全的责任部门、联络方式及投诉渠道发生变化时；
6. 个人信息安全影响评估报告表明存在高风险时。
本政策是极光服务协议的重要组成部分。本隐私政策未明确授予的所有权利均由极光保留。
十、如何联系我们
我们希望能够解决与我们之间的数据保护实践有关的任何争议。极光设立了专门的隐私保护专职小组，您可以通过发送电子邮件至我们的隐私小组邮件compliance@jiguang.cn或通过写信等方式联系我们（收件人：合规组，地址：深圳市南山区粤海街道高新南区白石路与沙河西路交汇处深圳湾科技生态园12栋A座31层，联系电话：0755-83881462），提出您的疑问或需要寻求帮助的问题。
如果您对您的账户信息、个人信息或其他文档技术有疑问、建议或投诉或者行使您的权利，可以通过发送邮件至support@jiguang.cn或其他特别说明的方式联系我们。一般情况下，我们将在15个工作日内回复。
对于EEA中的个人，您有权根据适用的数据保护法律向主管数据保护机构投诉或向具有管辖权的法院提起诉讼。
十一、处理个人信息的其他法律依据（仅限EEA）
我们请您特别注意：当您进行个人信息的处理活动，如果您符合以下任何一项条件，请您注意遵守《欧盟通用数据保护条例》（General Data
              Protection Regulation，以下简称“GDPR”）：
（1）您在欧盟经济区域（“EEA”），无论该处理活动是否在欧盟进行；
（2）向在EEA的个人提供商品或服务（不论是否有偿），或者监视其在EEA内的行为；
（3）不在EEA内，但根据国际公法适用欧盟成员国法律（例如EEA成员国的使馆或领事馆）。
如果您和/或您的终端用户来自EEA，我们收集和使用上述个人信息的法律依据将取决于相关个人信息以及我们收集信息的具体背景。
但是，我们通常只在我们需要个人信息来与您履行合同的情况下，或在处理符合我们的合法利益且不被您的数据保护权益或基本权利和自由所覆盖的情况下，或在我们获得您同意的情况下这样做。在某些情况下，我们还可能有法律义务向您和/或您的终端用户收集个人信息，或者可能需要个人信息来保护您或其他人的切身利益，例如，出于维护公共安全的目的，在相关部门的要求下提供您的个人信息，或对执法部门的要求作出回应。
如果您对我们收集和使用您和/或您的终端用户的个人信息的法律依据有疑问或需要进一步的信息，请使用本隐私政策引言部分提供的联系信息与我们联系。
附录 1：关键词定义
本政策中使用的特定词语，具有如下含义：
1. 我们或极光：指深圳市和讯华谷信息技术有限公司。
2.
                关联公司：是指与深圳市和讯华谷信息技术有限公司合并报表范围内的下属公司或其他关联企业。上述公司中任何一方现在或将来控制、受控制或与其处于共同控制下。
3. 控制：是指直接或间接地拥有影响所提及公司管理的能力，无论是通过所有权、有投票权的股份、合同或其他被依法认定的方式。
4. 您：指使用我们的产品和／或服务的注册用户以及收费服务的购买方。
5. 您的终端用户：指极光平台产品或服务的应用程序的终端用户。
6. 极光或本平台：指极光平台。
7.
                个人信息：指以电子或者其他方式记录的能够单独或者与其他信息结合识别特定自然人身份或者反映特定自然人活动情况的各种信息。个人信息包括个人基本信息、个人身份信息、个人生物识别信息、网络身份标识信息、个人健康生理信息、个人教育工作信息、个人财产信息、个人通信信息、联系人信息、个人上网记录、个人常用设备信息、个人位置信息等。为免疑义，个人信息包括但不限于个人敏感信息。
8. 个人信息主体：指个人信息所标识的自然人。
9.
                个人敏感信息：指一旦泄露、非法提供或滥用可能危害人身和财产安全，极易导致个人名誉、身心健康受到损害或歧视性待遇等的个人信息。个人敏感信息包括个人财产信息、个人健康生理信息、个人生物识别信息、个人身份信息、网络身份标识信息等。
10. 去标识化：指通过对个人信息的技术处理，使其在不借助额外信息的情况下，无法识别个人信息主体的过程。
11. 匿名化：指通过对个人信息的技术处理，使得个人信息主体无法被识别，且处理后的信息不能被复原的过程。
12. 中国境内：指中华人民共和国大陆地区，仅为本政策之目的，不包含香港特别行政区、澳门特别行政区和台湾地区。
Sub-policy 2
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/docs/analytics/privacyregulation/summary/:
We, Yahoo, are part of the
Yahoo family of brands
The sites and apps that we own and operate, including Yahoo and AOL, and our digital advertising service, Yahoo Advertising.
Yahoo
family of brands.
When you use our sites and apps, we use
Cookies
Cookies (including similar technologies such as web storage) allow the operators of websites and apps to store and read information from your device. Learn more in our
cookie policy
.
cookies
to:
provide our sites and apps to you
authenticate users, apply security measures, and prevent spam and abuse, and
measure your use of our sites and apps
If you click '
Accept all
', we and
our partners
, including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words, use cookies) and use precise geolocation data and other personal data such as IP address and browsing and search data, for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, and audience research and services development.
If you do not want us and our partners to use cookies and personal data for these additional purposes, click '
Reject all
'.
If you would like to customise your choices, click '
Manage privacy settings
'.
You can withdraw your consent or change your choices at any time by clicking on the 'Privacy & cookie settings' or 'Privacy dashboard' links on our sites and apps. Find out more about how we use your personal data in our
privacy policy
and
cookie policy
.
Accept all
Reject all
Manage privacy settings
Go to end
Sub-policy 3
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy?hl=zh-cn:
跳至主要内容
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
产品
更多
解决方案
更多
价格
文档
更多
社区
更多
支持
Go to console
开发者支持
与支持团队联系
免费支持服务的范围
支持指南
概览
常见问题解答
安全核对清单
发布核对清单
Firebase 服务帐号
启用 AdSupport 框架
从 Google URL Shortener 迁移
从 Parse 迁移
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase 安全规则
Firebase Realtime Database 管理
近期更改和更新
版本说明
iOS 版本说明
Android 版本说明
JavaScript 版本说明
C++ 版本说明
Unity 版本说明
Admin Node.
js 版本说明
Admin Java 版本说明
Admin Python 版本说明
Admin Go 版本说明
Admin .
NET 版本说明
Security Rules 版本说明
法律信息
服务条款
付费服务条款
数据处理和安全条款
Firebase：标准合同条款
Hosting 和 Realtime Database 服务等级协议
Cloud Storage for Firebase 服务等级协议
Google Analytics for Firebase 条款
Google Analytics for Firebase 使用政策
Firebase App Indexing 用户数据政策
Crashlytics 和 App Distribution 条款
Crashlytics 和 App Distribution 数据处理条款
Crashlytics 和 App Distribution：标准合同条款
Firebase 辅助处理机构
隐私权和安全性信息
Firebase 中的隐私权和安全性
委任数据保护官和欧盟代表
Firebase 数据隐私查询
管理实例 ID 数据
清除和导出用户数据
使用 Firebase 存储隐私设置
排查初始化选项问题
构建
发布与监控
互动
探索所有解决方案
概览
基础知识
构建
发布与监控
互动
参考文档
示例
学习
活动
故事
Firebase
支持
该内容对您有帮助吗？
发送反馈
Firebase 中的隐私权和安全性
bookmark_border
bookmark
使用集合让一切井井有条
根据您的偏好保存内容并对其进行分类。
本页内容
数据保护
Firebase 对 GDPR 和 CCPA 的支持
Firebase 数据处理和安全条款
Firebase 已通过主流的隐私权和安全标准认证
数据处理信息
由 Firebase 处理的最终用户数据的示例
关于让最终用户自主选择是否接受数据处理方式的指南
数据存储和处理位置
安全性方面的信息
数据加密
安全做法
Firebase 服务数据
Firebase 如何处理 Firebase 服务数据的示例
Firebase 以外的 Google 服务对 Firebase 服务数据的使用
本页面概述了有关 Firebase 的安全性和隐私权的重要信息。无论您是要使用 Firebase 启动新的项目，还是想知道 Firebase 如何与您现有的项目协同工作，请继续阅读下文，了解 Firebase 如何有助于保护您和您的用户。
上次修改时间：2023 年 2 月 20 日
数据保护
Firebase 对 GDPR 和 CCPA 的支持
2018 年 5 月 25 日，欧盟的《一般数据保护条例》(GDPR) 取代了 1995 年颁布的《欧盟数据保护指令》。2020 年 1 月 1 日起，《加州消费者隐私法案》(CCPA) 开始生效。2023 年 1 月 1 日，《加州隐私权法案》(CPRA) 生效，这是一项对 CCPA 进行修正和扩展的数据隐私权法。Google 将致力于帮助客户在遵守这些隐私权法规的前提下取得成功，无论是大型软件公司还是独立开发者。
GDPR 规定了数据控制方和数据处理方的义务，CCPA/CPRA 规定了企业及其服务提供商的义务。在因使用 Firebase 而向 Google 提供其最终用户的任何个人数据或信息时，Firebase 客户通常是“数据控制方”(GDPR) 或“企业”(CCPA/CPRA)，而 Google 通常是“数据处理方”(GDPR) 或“服务提供商”(CCPA/CPRA)。
这意味着数据处于客户的控制之下。客户有责任承担相应的义务，比如维护个人用户在其个人数据或信息方面享有的权利。
Firebase 数据处理和安全条款
当客户使用 Firebase 时，Google 通常根据 GDPR 的规定充当着数据处理方的角色，代表客户处理其个人数据。同样地，当客户使用 Firebase 时，Google 通常根据 CCPA/CPRA 的规定充当着服务提供商的角色，代表客户处理个人信息。Firebase 条款包括详细说明这些责任的
数据处理和安全条款
。
受
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) 服务条款
约束的某些 Firebase 服务已在相关数据处理条款（即
云端数据处理附录
）的涵盖范围内。您可以在
Firebase 服务条款
中查看当前受 GCP 服务条款约束的全部 Firebase 服务的列表。
Google Analytics 是一项可与 Firebase 搭配使用的单独服务，受单独
条款
的约束。
Firebase 已通过主流的隐私权和安全标准认证
ISO 和 SOC 合规性
所有 Firebase 服务（App Indexing 除外）均已成功完成了
ISO 27001
以及
SOC 1
、
SOC 2
和
SOC 3
评估流程，部分服务还完成了
ISO 27017
和
ISO 27018
认证流程。您可以通过
合规报告管理器
来获得受 GCP 服务条款约束的 Firebase 服务的合规性报告和证书。
服务名称
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
国际数据传输
正如我们的
数据隐私权框架认证
中所述，我们遵守美国商务部针对收集、使用和保留欧洲经济区 (EEA)、瑞士和英国境内用户个人信息而分别制定的“欧盟-美国数据隐私权框架”“瑞士-美国数据隐私权框架”，以及英国对“欧盟-美国数据隐私权框架”的扩展。Google LLC（及其全资美国子公司，明确排除的除外）已证明其自身遵守 DPF 准则。如
《Google 隐私权政策》的“分享您的信息”部分
中所述，对于根据《传输准则》(Onwards Transfer Principle) 与第三方分享（以便第三方进行外部处理）的任何个人信息，Google 仍需承担责任。若要详细了解数据隐私权框架或要查看 Google 的认证，请访问
数据隐私权框架网站
。
对于我们采取的与数据隐私权框架认证相关的隐私权做法，如果您有任何疑问，欢迎
联系我们
。Google 在美国联邦贸易委员会的调查和执行权力管辖范围内。您也可以将投诉转呈当地的数据保护机构，我们将与这些机构合作，共同解决您的问题。如
数据隐私权框架准则附录 I
中所述，在某些情况下，数据隐私权框架赋予相关方相应的权利，以便他们启动具有约束力的仲裁，解决无法通过其他方式解决的投诉。
数据处理信息
由 Firebase 处理的最终用户数据的示例
某些 Firebase 服务会对您的最终用户数据进行处理，以提供相应服务。下面的图表展示了有关各种 Firebase 服务如何使用和处理可能具有辨识性的最终用户数据的若干示例。此外，许多 Firebase 服务还允许您请求删除特定的数据或控制数据的处理方式。
Firebase 服务
最终用户数据
数据如何帮助提供服务
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP 地址
如何提供帮助
：Cloud Functions 使用 IP 地址，根据最终用户的操作执行事件处理函数和 HTTP 函数。
保留
：Cloud Functions 仅出于提供服务的目的而暂时保存 IP 地址。
Firebase App Check
受支持的证明提供方提供的证明材料
因证明成功而获得的 App Check 令牌
如何提供帮助
：Firebase App Check 从最终用户的设备接收相应证明提供方需要的证明材料，使用这些材料来帮助确定设备和/或应用的完整性。系统会根据开发者的配置将证明材料发送到相应的证明提供方进行验证。因证明成功而获得的 App Check 令牌会随每个请求一起发送到支持的 Firebase 服务，用于访问受 App Check 保护的资源。
保留
：App Check 不会保留证明材料，但证明材料被发送到证明提供方后，会受到这些证明提供方的条款约束。因证明成功而返回的 App Check 令牌在其 TTL 期限内有效，该时间不能超过 7 天。对于使用重放攻击防范功能的开发者，App Check 会将用于这些功能的 App Check 令牌存储最多 30 天。Firebase 服务不会保留其他未用于重放攻击防范功能的 App Check 令牌。
Firebase App Distribution
用户名
电子邮件地址
iOS UDID
安全的 Android ID
Firebase
安装 ID
测试人员反馈（屏幕截图和文本）
如何提供帮助
：Firebase App Distribution 使用这些数据将应用 build 分发给测试人员、监控测试人员的活动、启用应用内反馈等测试人员功能，并将数据与测试人员设备关联。
保留
：Firebase App Distribution 会保留用户信息，直至 Firebase 客户申请删除为止。在这之后，数据将在 180 天内从实时和备份系统中移除。
Firebase Authentication
密码
电子邮件地址
电话号码
用户代理
IP 地址
如何提供帮助
：Firebase Authentication 使用这些数据启用最终用户身份验证，并助力最终用户账号管理。它还使用用户代理字符串和 IP 地址提升安全性并防止注册和身份验证期间的滥用行为。
保留
：Firebase Authentication 会将记录的 IP 地址保留几周。它会保留其他身份验证信息，直至该 Firebase 客户开始删除关联用户为止。在这之后，数据将在 180 天内从实时和备份系统中移除。
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
安装 ID
如何提供帮助
：Firebase Cloud Messaging 使用
Firebase
安装 ID 来确定向哪些设备发送消息。
保留
：Firebase 会保留
Firebase
安装 ID，直至 Firebase 客户发出 API 调用来删除此 ID 为止。在这之后，数据将在 180 天内从实时和备份系统中移除。
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics 安装 UUID
Firebase 安装 ID
崩溃轨迹
Breakpad 小型转储格式的数据
（仅限 NDK 崩溃）
如何提供帮助
：Firebase Crashlytics 使用崩溃堆栈轨迹将崩溃与项目相关联，向项目成员发送电子邮件提醒并在 Firebase 控制台中显示这些信息，帮助 Firebase 客户调试崩溃。它使用 Crashlytics 安装 UUID 来衡量受崩溃影响的用户数量，并使用小型转储数据来处理 NDK 崩溃。系统会在处理崩溃会话时存储小型转储数据，并在处理完毕后将其舍弃。将来，系统会使用 Firebase 安装 ID 来启用即将推出的崩溃报告和崩溃管理服务增强功能。如需详细了解收集的用户信息类型，请参阅
存储的设备信息示例
。
保留
：Firebase Crashlytics 会将崩溃堆栈轨迹、提取的小型转储数据以及关联的标识符（包括 Crashlytics 安装 UUID 和 Firebase 安装 ID）保留 90 天，然后再开始将其从实时系统和备份系统中移除。
注意
：Firebase Crashlytics 仅出于处理 NDK 崩溃的目的而暂时存储小型转储数据。
Firebase Dynamic Links
设备规格 (iOS)
IP 地址 (iOS)
如何提供帮助
：Dynamic Links 使用 iOS 上的设备规格和 IP 地址，让新安装的应用在特定的页面或上下文中打开。
保留
：Dynamic Links 仅出于提供服务的目的而暂时存储设备规格和 IP 地址。
Firebase Hosting
IP 地址
如何提供帮助
：Hosting 使用传入请求的 IP 地址检测滥用行为，并为客户提供详细的使用情况数据分析。
保留
：Hosting 会将 IP 数据保留几个月。
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
安装 ID
如何提供帮助
：
Firebase In-App Messaging
使用
Firebase
安装 ID 来确定向哪些设备发送消息。
保留
：Firebase 会保留
Firebase
安装 ID，直至 Firebase 客户发出 API 调用来删除此 ID 为止。在这之后，数据将在 180 天内从实时和备份系统中移除。
Firebase ML
上传的图片
安装身份验证令牌
提供帮助的方式
：基于云的 API 会临时存储上传的图片以进行处理，并将分析结果返回给您。存储的图片通常会在几小时内删除。如需了解详情，请参阅 Cloud Vision
数据使用常见问题解答
。
与应用实例进行交互（例如，将开发者模型分发到应用实例）时，
Firebase ML
使用
安装身份验证令牌
对设备进行身份验证。
保留
：安装身份验证令牌的有效时间截止到其失效日期。令牌的默认生命周期为一周。
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
安装 ID
IP 地址
如何提供帮助
：
Performance Monitoring
使用
Firebase
安装 ID 来计算访问网络资源的唯一 Firebase 安装的数量，以确保访问模式是充分匿名的。它还将
Firebase
安装 ID 与
Firebase Remote Config
一起使用，以管理性能事件报告率。此外，它使用 IP 地址将性能事件映射到它们源自的国家/地区。如需了解详情，请参阅
数据收集
。
保留：
Performance Monitoring
将 IP 关联事件保留 30 天，并将安装关联和去标识化的性能数据保留 60 天，然后再开始将其从实时系统和备份系统中移除。
Firebase Realtime Database
IP 地址
用户代理
提供帮助的方式
：实时数据库使用 IP 地址和用户代理启用
分析器工具
，此工具可帮助 Firebase 客户了解使用趋势和平台详细使用情况。
保留
：Realtime Database 会将 IP 地址和用户代理信息保留几天时间，但客户选择延长其保存时间的情况除外。
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
安装 ID
提供帮助的方式
：
Remote Config
使用
Firebase
选择要返回给最终用户设备的配置值。
保留
：Firebase 会保留
Firebase
安装 ID，直至 Firebase 客户发出 API 调用来删除此 ID 为止。在这之后，数据将在 180 天内从实时和备份系统中移除。
Vertex AI in Firebase
客户通过 AI 模型发送和接收的输入和输出数据
如何提供帮助
：
Vertex AI in Firebase
使用 Vertex AI 的生成式 AI API 来预测内容。
保留
：在预测期间，Google 不会记录客户数据来生成客户的输出或训练基础模型。默认情况下，Google 会缓存客户的 Gemini 模型的输入和输出，以加快对客户的后续提示的回答速度。
如需了解详情，请参阅
生成式 AI 和数据治理 | Vertex AI 上的生成式 AI | Google Cloud
。
Crashlytics 收集的信息示例
RFC-4122 UUID（方便我们删除重复的崩溃数据）
Crashlytics 安装 UUID
Firebase 安装 ID (FID)
Firebase 会话 ID（系统为标记会话事件而生成的随机 UUID）
发生崩溃时的时间戳
应用的软件包标识符和完整版本号
设备的操作系统名称和版本号
指示设备是否已越狱/已启用 root 权限的布尔值
设备的型号名称、CPU 架构、RAM 和磁盘空间量
当前正在运行的每个线程的每个框架的 uint64 指令指针
包含每个指令指针的纯文本方法或函数名称（如果运行时中提供）。
异常的纯文本类名称和消息值（如果抛出了异常）
致命信号的名称和整数代码（如果发出了致命信号）
每个加载到应用中的二进制图片的名称、UUID、字节大小及其被加载到 RAM 时的 uint64 基地址
指示应用崩溃时是否在后台运行的布尔值
指示崩溃时屏幕方向的整数值
指示设备的近程传感器是否触发的布尔值
version-control-info.textproto
的内容（仅适用于
配置为使用版本控制系统 (VCS) 集成的 Android 应用
）
Performance Monitoring 收集的信息示例
Firebase 安装 ID (FID)
Firebase 会话 ID（系统为标记会话事件而生成的随机 UUID）
一般设备信息，如型号、操作系统和屏幕方向
RAM 和磁盘大小
CPU 使用率
运营商（基于移动设备国家/地区代码和网络代码）
无线装置/网络信息（例如：Wi-Fi、LTE、3G）
国家/地区（基于 IP 地址）
区域设置/语言
应用版本
应用前台或后台状态
应用软件包名称
Firebase
安装 ID
自动跟踪的持续时间
网络网址（不包括网址参数或载荷内容）以及下列相应信息：
响应代码（例如：403、200）
有效负载大小（以字节为单位）
响应时间
参阅
Performance Monitoring
收集的自动跟踪记录的
完整列表
。
注意
：
如需详细了解如何删除与安装关联的数据，请参阅
删除 Firebase 安装
。
关于让最终用户自主选择是否接受数据处理方式的指南
上表中的服务需要一定数量的最终用户数据才能正常工作。因此，在使用这些服务时不可能完全停用数据收集功能。
如果 Firebase 客户希望自己的用户可以自主选择启用某项服务及其附带的数据收集功能，那么在大多数情况下，只需添加一个对话框或用于设置的切换开关，待用户确认启用后，即可使用这项服务。
但是，某些服务在集成到应用中后会自动启动。为了让用户在使用这些服务之前能够自主选择是否启用它们，您可以选择为每项服务停用自动初始化，而改为在运行时手动初始化它们。如需了解具体操作方法，请阅读以下指南：
Cloud Messaging
：
防止自动初始化 (Android)
或
防止自动初始化 (iOS+)
Crashlytics
：
启用自选式报告 (iOS+)
或
启用自选式报告 (Android)
Performance Monitoring
：
启用自选式监控
如果您将 Firebase 与 Google Analytics 集成，请了解如何
配置 Analytics 数据收集
。
数据存储和处理位置
除非某项服务或功能提供了数据存储位置选项，否则，Firebase 可能会在 Google 或其代理保有设施的任何地方处理和存储您的数据。不同的服务可能使用的设施位置也不尽相同。
仅在美国运行的服务
Firebase Authentication
服务仅从美国的数据中心运行。因此，
Firebase Authentication
仅在美国处理数据。
全球均可运行的服务
大部分 Firebase 服务都在 Google 遍及全球的基础架构上运行。
这些服务可以在任意
Google Cloud Platform 服务地点
或
Google 数据中心位置
处理数据。对于某些服务，您可以做出具体的数据位置选择，将数据处理限制在选择的位置（如需了解详情，请参阅 Google Cloud Platform 服务条款中的
服务专用条款
）。
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
安全性方面的信息
数据加密
Firebase 服务使用 HTTPS 来加密传输中的数据，并在逻辑上对客户数据进行隔离。
此外，多项 Firebase 服务对于其静态数据也会进行加密：
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
安全做法
为确保个人数据安全无虞，Firebase 采用多种安全措施来最大限度地减少访问：
Firebase 仅允许部分员工出于业务工作需要而访问个人数据。
Firebase 会记录员工对包含个人数据的系统的访问情况。
Firebase 仅允许使用 Google 登录和
双重身份验证
登录的员工访问个人数据。
Firebase 服务数据
Firebase 服务数据是 Google 在预配和管理 Firebase 服务
*
期间收集和生成的个人信息，不包括客户数据
**
（如涵盖 Firebase 服务的客户协议和
Google Cloud 服务数据
所定义）。Firebase 服务数据的示例包括如下信息：服务使用情况、资源标识符（例如应用 ID 和软件包名称/软件包 ID）、服务使用的技术和运营细节（如 IP 地址，以及通过与反馈和支持相关的对话与开发者直接沟通）。
*涵盖的服务包括 Firebase A/B Testing、Firebase App Distribution、Firebase Cloud Messaging、Firebase Crashlytics、Firebase Dynamic Links、Firebase Hosting、Firebase In-App Messaging、Firebase ML、Firebase Performance Monitoring、Firebase Realtime Database、Firebase Remote Config 和 Firebase User Segmentation Storage。
** 如需详细了解我们如何处理客户数据，请参阅我们的
Firebase 数据处理和安全条款
。
Firebase 如何处理 Firebase 服务数据的示例
Google 会按照我们的
隐私权政策
和适用条款使用 Firebase 服务数据。Firebase 服务数据的用途如下所述：
按照您的要求提供 Firebase 服务
提出建议以优化 Firebase 服务的使用
维护和改进 Firebase 服务
按照您的要求提供并改进其他服务
了解您对 Firebase 和其他 Google 服务的使用情况
为您提供更好的支持并与您沟通
为您、我们的用户、公众和 Google 提供保护
遵守法律义务
Firebase 以外的 Google 服务对 Firebase 服务数据的使用
您可以控制 Google 是否可以使用 Firebase 服务数据来提供有关
Firebase 以外的
Google 服务的更多深入分析、数据洞见和建议，以及改进
Firebase 以外的
Google 服务。可以在 Firebase 数据隐私设置页面中对此进行配置。
如果停用此控件设置，我们可以按照我们的
隐私政策
和适用条款继续将 Firebase 服务数据用于其他目的（例如上述目的），包括提供与
Firebase
服务相关的建议并改进这些服务，以及按照您的要求提供并改进其他服务，例如与您的 Firebase 项目关联的 Google 产品。
仍有疑问？与我们联系
如有任何本文未涵盖的与隐私权相关的问题，请
与 Firebase 支持团队联系
。如果您是 Firebase 开发者，请添加您的 Firebase 应用 ID。您可以在
settings
项目设置
的“您的应用”
卡片中找到 Firebase 应用 ID。
该内容对您有帮助吗？
发送反馈
如未另行说明，那么本页面中的内容已根据
知识共享署名 4.0 许可
获得了许可，并且代码示例已根据
Apache 2.0 许可
获得了许可。有关详情，请参阅
Google 开发者网站政策
。Java 是 Oracle 和/或其关联公司的注册商标。
最后更新时间 (UTC)：2025-02-26。
信息
聊天
本页内容
数据保护
Firebase 对 GDPR 和 CCPA 的支持
Firebase 数据处理和安全条款
Firebase 已通过主流的隐私权和安全标准认证
数据处理信息
由 Firebase 处理的最终用户数据的示例
关于让最终用户自主选择是否接受数据处理方式的指南
数据存储和处理位置
安全性方面的信息
数据加密
安全做法
Firebase 服务数据
Firebase 如何处理 Firebase 服务数据的示例
Firebase 以外的 Google 服务对 Firebase 服务数据的使用
Sub-policy 4
https://privacy.qq.com/document/priview/fbd2c3f898df4c1c869925dd49d57827:
We're sorry but 腾讯隐私保护平台 doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
下载
下载
Sub-policy 5
https://www.zego.im/privacy:
政策与协议
服务协议
即构云服务协议
即构云服务可用性保证
即构数字人服务协议
隐私政策
即构云服务隐私政策
即构 SDK 隐私政策
即构 Cookie 隐私政策
即构数字人服务隐私政策
安全合规
即构安全合规白皮书
廉洁举报
即构廉洁合规举报指南
Powered By
隐私政策
即构云服务隐私政策
当前页
即构云服务隐私政策
版本更新日期：2024年8月26日
感谢您使用即构云服务，我们深知个人信息对您的重要性，将竭尽全力保障您的个人信息安全。
本隐私政策旨在协助开发者（以下简称为"您"）了解我们会收集哪些信息，为什么要收集这些信息，如何使用这些信息，如何保障这些信息的安全，以及您如何管理并控制自己的信息等内容。
在注册、浏览或使用即构云服务前，请您确认已审慎阅读、充分理解并接受本政策各条款内容（未成年人应在法定监护人陪同下阅读），特别是限制或者免除责任的条款。
如果您有任何疑惑、意见或建议，我们非常乐于听取。欢迎您通过本隐私政策载明的联系方式与我们联系，我们将为您解答。
我们也准备了SDK隐私政策，以向使用我们SDK产品和服务的开发者（或潜在开发者）及终端用户说明：为保障SDK功能的可用性，我们将收集和使用、保护终端用户的个人信息的详情，开发者（或潜在开发者）及其终端用户在接入、使用我们的产品前可转至
《即构SDK隐私政策》
查看。
1、信息定义
本隐私政策中的"信息"，特指"
2、我们收集的信息范围
"中所提到的对应数据，本隐私政策不适用于您通过即构云服务存储的数据。
本隐私政策中的"即构云服务"，指即构科技网站提供的所有产品、服务，包括但不限于实时音视频、实时消息、互动白板、云端录制。
2、我们收集的信息范围
当您作为开发者（或潜在开发者）使用我们的产品和服务时，我们将在以下场景中向您收集对应的数据：
在您注册与登录即构云服务时，根据您选择的注册及登录的方式，我们将收集您的个人信息：
手机号/验证码注册及登录场景：手机号；
密码登录场景：登录口令；
邮箱/验证码登录场景：邮箱地址；
微信注册及登录场景：微信昵称、微信账号。
在您选择以下场景进行个人实名认证时，我们将收集您的个人信息：
人脸识别认证场景：姓名、身份证号；
手机号认证场景：姓名、身份证号、手机号；
银行卡认证场景：证件类型、姓名、证件号码（根据您选择的证件类型，证件号可能是身份证号、港澳居民来往内地通行证证件号、台胞证证件号、护照证件号）、个人银行卡号、银行卡预留手机号。
在您进行企业实名认证时，我们将收集您的个人信息：公司名称，所在行业/场景、证件类型、证件号码（根据您选择的证件类型，证件号码可能是：统一社会信用代码、组织机构代码、工商注册号、工商登记证、税务登记证、法人代码证、事业单位法人证书、社会团体登记证书、民办非机构登记证书、外国机构常驻代表机构登记证、政府批文、公司编号（海外））、所在省市、街道地址、公司联系电话、发票信息（纳税人识别号、银行账户、开户银行）、账单信息（账单接收邮箱）。
在您申请开具发票时，我们将收集您的个人信息：发票信息（抬头类型、发票类型、发票抬头、纳税人识别号、开户银行、开户账号、企业地址、企业电话）、邮寄信息（收件人姓名、联系电话、联系地址）。
在您申请签署电子合同时，我们将收集您的个人信息：签署信息（签署类型、签署主体）、联系人姓名、联系地址、联系电话、电子邮箱地址、账单邮箱、发票信息（发票类型、纳税人识别号、开户银行、银行账号、公司地址）。
在您提交工单时，我们将收集您的个人信息：手机号、姓名、公司名称、APPID。
在您与在线客服沟通时，我们将收集您的个人信息：手机号、对话内容（包括您输入的文字、文字、文档、图片、音视频）。
在您申请试用我们的产品或进行方案咨询时，我们将收集您的个人信息：姓名、您的公司名称、手机号、邮箱地址。
在您为其他用户添加登录和使用控制台权限时，我们将收集您的个人信息：姓名、邮箱地址、登录密码。
在您需要线下支付和申请发票时，为履行合同所必需，我们会收集您的个人信息：抬头类型、发票类型、发票抬头、纳税人识别号、基本开户银行、基本开户账号、企业注册地址、企业注册电话、收件人姓名、收件人手机号、收件人邮箱、邮寄详细地址。
在您使用控制台过程中，基于网站和服务运行的需要，我们还将收集您的以下个人信息：
网络信息：包括IP地址、运营商、网站浏览记录；
设备信息：网站点击记录、操作系统、硬件类型、硬件型号、浏览器类型、设备ID、浏览器语言、Layout Engines；
用户识别码：SID、CID、UID、APPID；
日志信息。
3、我们收集信息的方式
我们将通过您主动提交，以及在您使用我们的服务过程中，产生相应的记录等方式，收集您的信息。
我们可能会通过 Cookies 和其他相关技术收集和使用您的信息。我们使用 Cookies 的具体用途包括：
记住您的身份和认证状态，例如：Cookies 有助于我们辨认您作为我们的注册用户的身份，以及确定您是否已登录认证。
改进您的访问体验，例如为您提供首选语言、时区、地域、字体等服务；
您可以通过浏览器设置拒绝或管理 Cookies。请您注意，如果停用 Cookies，您有可能无法享受最佳的服务体验，某些功能的可用性可能会受到影响。
通过即构云服务 Cookies 记录的有关信息，适用本隐私政策。
4、我们如何使用收集的信息
为了向您提供更加优质、便捷、安全的服务，在符合相关法律法规的前提下，我们可能将收集的信息用作以下用途：
向您提供服务。
为您提供定制化内容，例如首选语言、时间、区域、字体等服务，或对您和其他用户作出其他方面的回应。
服务优化和开发。例如，我们会根据即构云服务响应您的需求时产生的信息，优化我们的服务。
保护即构云服务、即构云用户和即构云的合作伙伴。例如，我们会将您的信息用于身份验证、安全防范、投诉处理、纠纷协调、诈骗监测等用途；或者，您在使用安全功能或其他类似服务时，我们会对恶意程序或病毒进行检测，或为您识别诈骗信息。
邀请您参与有关我们产品和服务的调查。
其他可能需要使用收集信息的相关场景，如果使用场景与初始场景无合理的关联性，我们会在使用信息前重新征得您的同意。
5、我们如何进行信息披露
未经您同意，我们不会与任何无关第三方分享您的信息，以下情形除外：
我们可能将您的信息与我们的关联公司、
Sub-policy 6
https://developer.qiniu.com/pili/8027/sdk-privacy-policy:
产品与服务
对象存储
企业级存储
CDN
智能多媒体服务
直播云
实时音视频
SSL 证书服务
云主机
专有云计算
内容审核
视频监控
云短信
全站加速
容器轻应用平台
智能数字人
Miku 直播
AI 推理
SDK & 工具
官方 SDK
社区 SDK
开发者工具
社区插件
解决方案
FAQ
技术支持
官网
管理控制台
更多
官网
管理控制台
SDK & 工具
解决方案
输入搜索的关键字
技术支持
退出当前帐号
登录
注册
直播云
产品动态
产品更新动态
关于直播云新增低延时直播和SRT推流计费项的公告
产品简介
使用限制
产品功能
七牛直播云技术白皮书
应用场景
名词解释
核心功能
LiveNet实时流网络
直播推流服务
播放器服务
数据处理服务
低延时直播功能介绍
APM播放器质量数据监控
七牛云导播
云导播管理
云导播操作
直播云ICP和公安备案
七牛 SDK 合规使用说明
七牛 SDK 隐私策略
购买指南
计费概述
欠费说明
快速入门
低延时直播Geek快速入门
快速入门
直播云IAM使用帮助手册
SRT推流方法
直播架构快速搭建
直播鉴黄接入文档
小程序直播接入文档
使用指南
控制台使用指南
PUB转推服务
API 文档
API概览
请求鉴权
请求结构
直播地址
推流鉴权方式
播放地址时间戳防盗链
RTMP 推流地址
SRT 推流地址
RTMP 播放地址
HLS 播放地址
HDL (HTTP-FLV) 播放地址
直播封面地址
直播空间管理API
查询直播空间列表
查询直播空间信息
修改直播空间推流鉴权配置
修改直播空间 hls 低延迟配置
修改直播空间存储配置
修改直播空间封面配置
域名管理API
查询域名列表
查询域名信息
绑定直播域名
解绑直播域名
绑定点播域名
修改域名证书配置
修改域名改写规则配置
直播流管理API
创建直播流
查询直播流列表
查询直播流信息
禁用直播流
查询在线流信息
批量查询在线流信息
查询直播流推流记录
查询流统计数据
录制直播回放
保存直播截图
修改直播流转码配置
数据统计API
查询直播上行流量
查询直播下行流量
查询低延时直播下行流量
查询直播转码使用量
查询直播鉴黄使用量
查询导播台使用量
查询Pub转推服务使用量
云导播API
云导播管理API
创建云导播
更新云导播
删除云导播
开启云导播
关闭云导播
云导播列表
云导播信息
云导播操作API
云导播信息
更新PVW监视器频道
更新PGM监视器频道
PVW切换至PGM
更新监视器配置
更新PVW布局ID
更新输出配置
更新布局配置
云导播参数说明
Pub API
创建任务
编辑任务
任务详情
任务列表
删除任务
开始任务
停止任务
任务运行日志
任务历史记录
seek接口
参数说明
客户端 API
SDK 下载
服务端
服务端SDK历史文档
低延时直播 SDK
低延时直播 SDK 下载体验
低延时 Web SDK
低延时 Android SDK
低延时 iOS SDK
推流端
推流 SDK 下载体验
Android 推流端 SDK
概述
开发准备
快速开始
功能使用
知识补充与建议
历史记录
iOS 推流端 SDK
概述
开发准备
快速开始
功能使用
知识补充与建议
历史记录
Harmony 推流端 SDK
概述
开发准备
快速开始
功能使用
知识补充与建议
播放端
QPlayer2产品简介
QPlayer2 鉴权相关
QPlayer2 Harmony 端
集成准备
基于 Core 的 QPlayer2 接入指南
快速开始
基础能力使用
QPlayer2 Windows端
基础准备
基于 Core 的 QPlayer2 接入指南
快速开始
基础能力使用
QPlayer2 iOS端
集成准备
基于 Core 的 QPlayer2 接入指南
快速开始
基础能力使用
QPlayer2  Android端
集成准备
基于Core的Qplayer2接入指南
快速开始
基础能力使用
基于Ext的QPlayer2接入指南
通过Ext播放视频
通过Ext 为视频区域添加面板
通过Ext为播放器添加业务逻辑
通过Ext为播放器添加浮窗
通过Ext展示Toast
通过Ext进行手势处理
通过Ext进行选集控制
短视频
短视频解决方案说明
短视频 SDK 功能列表
短视频 SDK 下载体验
短视频 SDK 接入指南
Android 短视频 SDK
iOS 短视频 SDK
服务端 API
最佳实践
OBS如何推不含B帧的直播流
服务协议
直播录制国家相关规定
常见问题
术语表
关于直播推流鉴权SignStr
直播云
>
产品简介
>
七牛 SDK 隐私策略
七牛 SDK 隐私策略
最近更新时间: 2025-02-25 18:05:12
引言
上海七牛信息技术有限公司（下称“七牛”）严格遵守法律法规，按照业界成熟的安全与隐私标准，保护第三方开发者和其终端用户的个人信息。
本《七牛 SDK 隐私声明》（下称“本声明”）主要向第三方开发者和其终端用户说明我们如何处理个人信息（处理包括“收集、存储、使用、加工、传输、提供、公开等”）。
在注册、接入、使用七牛 SDK （下称“七牛SDK”）产品和/或服务前，请第三方开发者和终端用户务必仔细阅读本声明。同时，请第三方开发者将本声明提供给第三方的终端用户，以便最终用户了解本声明相关内容并获得用户同意。
如果第三方开发者或终端用户不同意本声明，应立即停止接入及使用七牛 SDK 产品和/或服务。
我们对个人敏感信息以及本隐私政策中的部分重点条款采用“加粗”的书写方式进行特别提醒
。如对本声明内容有任何疑问、意见或建议，可随时通过本声明第九条提供的方式与我们联系。
本文将按如下顺序进行说明：
一、如何收集和使用第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息
二、第三方终端用户的授权同意
三、如何共享、转让、公开披露第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息
四、如何存储第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息
五、如何保护第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息安全
六、第三方开发者和/或终端用户如何管理其个人信息
七、如何处理儿童个人信息
八、如何变更与更新本声明
九、如何联系我们
十、其它
本声明仅适用于七牛 SDK 处理的个人信息。七牛主要为企业客户提供服务。若我们企业客户在他们的产品内嵌入了我们的服务（如我们的实时音视频服务、鉴黄服务、直播服务、点播服务、短视频服务、存储服务等），而您作为该企业客户的终端用户在与我们的产品互动过程中提供了您的个人信息。在这种场景下，我们作为接受企业客户委托处理信息的受托方，遵照我们与企业客户的协议以及企业客户的指令处理您的个人信息，企业客户作为个人信息处理者对处理您的个人信息承担责任，并负有义务向您披露如何处理、保护您的个人信息。若您希望了解企业客户如何处理、分享、保护您的个人信息，请参阅该企业客户的隐私政策。若您对此有任何问题，请直接联系该企业客户。
一、如何收集和使用第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息
我们遵循正当、合法、必要的原则，基于本声明所述的以下目的，收集和使用：
1.第三方开发者和/或终端用户主动提供或我们直接收集的个人信息；
2.第三方终端用户在使用七牛 SDK 产品和/或服务过程中产生的个人信息；
3.从第三方开发者或者其他第三方获取的第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息。
我们通常会在征得第三方开发者和/或终端用户同意后收集个人信息。我们会在本声明中载明收集的个人信息用途，如果我们要将收集个人信息用于本声明未载明的其它用途，我们会以合理的方式向第三方开发者和/或终端用户告知，并在使用前再次征得第三方开发者和/或终端用户的同意。
1. 第三方开发者和/或终端用户主动提供或我们直接收集的个人信息
为实现七牛 SDK 的各项业务功能，我们可能需要向第三方开发者和/或终端用户收集相关个人信息。以下将详细列出七牛 SDK 的各项业务功能及为实现该功能所需收集的个人信息情况，请仔细阅读下述信息清单了解各类七牛SDK（包括调用的第三方 SDK（如有））收集个人信息的类型、用途以及实现的功能目的。
七牛 SDK 除自身提供相关服务并需收集相关信息外，第三方开发者还有可能集成其他辅助业务的第三方 SDK，
此部分第三方 SDK 所收集的个人信息请开发者和终端用户查看第三方 SDK 的隐私政策。
关于七牛 SDK 的信息清单如下：
SDK 类型
收集的个人信息字段
实现的功能目的
可选性
平台
推流 SDK
厂商、机型
用于判断用户的的手机类型，以备兼容性及问题排查
必选
Android、iOS
设备版本ID
用于判断用户的设备版本ID，以备兼容性及问题排查
必选
HarmonyOS Next
网络类型（例如 Wi-Fi、3G、4G）
用于通信质量不佳时的问题排查
必选
Android、iOS
IP 地址
用于优化路由，提升用户体验，也用于通信质量不佳时的问题排查
必选
Android、iOS
处理器信息
用于判断用户的处理器信息，以备兼容性及问题排查
必选
Android、iOS
内存使用情况
用于进行推流质量的监控和调优
必选
Android、iOS、HarmonyOS Next
Idfv
用于判断是否是真机，防止黑产及外部恶意攻击。
必选
iOS
短视频 SDK
厂商、机型、系统版本
用于兼容性处理及问题排查
必选
Android、iOS
网络状况（是否有网）
用于内部鉴权与上传逻辑的判断
必选
Android、iOS
设备识别码（Android ID）
用于区分设备，以便兼容性处理及问题排查
必选（v3.4.1 版本后已移除）
Android
Idfv
用于判断是否是真机，防止黑产及外部恶意攻击。
必选
iOS
实时音视频 SDK
厂商、机型、系统版本
用于判断用户的的手机类型，以备兼容性及问题排查
必选
Android、iOS、HarmonyOS Next
网络类型（例如 Wi-Fi、3G、4G）
用于通信质量不佳时的问题排查
必选
Android、iOS、HarmonyOS Next
处理器信息
用于判断用户的处理器信息，以备兼容性及问题排查
必选
Android、iOS、HarmonyOS Next
Idfv
用于判断是否是真机，防止黑产及外部恶意攻击。
必选
iOS
播放器 SDK
厂商、机型、系统版本
用于判断用户的的手机类型，以备兼容性及问题排查和性能统计
必选
Android、iOS、HarmonyOS Next
网络类型（例如 Wi-Fi、3G、4G）
用于监听网络类型状态改变后的处理和性能统计
必选
Android、iOS、HarmonyOS Next
Idfv
用于判断是否是真机，防止黑产及外部恶意攻击。
必选
iOS
低延时直播 SDK
无
无
无
无
号码认证 SDK
设备类型、操作系统、硬件厂商
用于性能分析，采集机型、系统信息进行机型适配和优化。
必选
Android，iOS
网络类型
用于性能分析，分仅数据流量、仅WiFi、数据流量+WiFi三种情况；分析不同网络环境对取号成功率和时延的影响，进行针对性优化。
必选
Android，iOS
网络地址
用于风控。
必选
Android，iOS
运营商类型
根据用户当前手机号运营商类型，调用对应运营商的取号接口。
必选
Android，iOS
云短信SDK
无
无
无
无
云主机SDK
无
无
无
无
互动直播低代码 SDK
厂商、机型、系统版本
用于判断用户的的手机类型，以备兼容性及问题排查
必选
Android、iOS
网络类型（例如 Wi-Fi、3G、4G）
用于通信质量不佳时的问题排查
必选
Android、iOS
处理器信息
用于判断用户的处理器信息，以备兼容性及问题排查
必选
Android、iOS
Idfv
用于判断是否是真机，防止黑产及外部恶意攻击。
必选
iOS
2. 为实现七牛 SDK 产品功能所需的权限
为实现七牛 SDK 产品的相应功能，我们需要通过开发者的应用 申请开启客户端设备操作系统的特定权限，所需权限及使用目的如下：
SDK类型
操作系统
权限名称
使用目的
可选性
推流 SDK
Android
android.permission.INTERNET
用于实现联网功能
必选
android.permission.CAMERA
用于在使用 SDK 进行直播推流时，开启摄像头采集视频画面
可选
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
用于在使用 SDK 进行直播推流时，开启麦克风采集音频数据
可选
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
用于存储 SDK 的配置和日志文件
可选
android.permission.BLUETOOTH
用于支持蓝牙设备的连接
可选
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
用于监控 WIFI 状态变化，提示用户当前网络环境
可选
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
用于监控网络状态变化，提示用户当前网络环境
可选
android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS
用于修改全局音频配置，如在直播中开启蓝牙采集音频等场景
可选
iOS
Privacy - Camera Usage Description
用于在使用 SDK 进行直播推流时，开启摄像头采集视频数据
可选
Privacy - Microphone Usage Description
用于在使用 SDK 进行直播推流时，开启麦克风采集音频数据
可选
HarmonyOS Next
ohos.permission.CAMERA
用于在使用 SDK 进行直播推流时，开启摄像头采集视频数据
可选
ohos.permission.MICROPHONE
用于在使用 SDK 进行直播推流时，开启麦克风采集音频数据
可选
ohos.permission.KEEP_BACKGROUND_RUNNING
用于在使用 SDK 退出后台后，继续采集数据
可选
ohos.permission.INTERNET
用于实现联网功能
必选
短视频 SDK
Android
android.permission.CAMERA
用于在使用 SDK 进行摄像头录制时，开启摄像头采集视频画面
可选
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
用于在使用 SDK 进行音频录制时，开启麦克风采集音频数据
可选
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
用于读取外部音视频文件进行视频编辑操作
可选
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
用于存储 SDK 录制和编辑后产生的视频文件
可选
android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE
用于录制屏幕，在录屏场景下使用
可选
android.permission.INTERNET
用于实现联网功能
可选
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
用于监控网络状态变化，提示用户当前网络环境
可选
iOS
Privacy - Camera Usage Description
用于在使用 SDK 进行摄像头录制时，开启摄像头采集视频数据
可选
Privacy - Microphone Usage Description
用于在使用 SDK 进行麦克风录制时，开启麦克风采集音频数据
可选
Privacy - Photo Library Additions Usage Description
用于在使用 SDK 进行视频编辑时，从系统相册中读取与写入视频文件
可选
实时音视频 SDK
HarmonyOS Next
ohos.permission.CAMERA
用于在使用 SDK 进行实时音视频通话时，开启摄像头采集视频数据
可选
ohos.permission.MICROPHONE
用于在使用 SDK 进行实时音视频通话时，开启麦克风采集音频数据
可选
ohos.permission.KEEP_BACKGROUND_RUNNING
用于在使用 SDK 退出后台后，继续采集数据
可选
ohos.permission.INTERNET
用于实现联网功能
必选
Android
android.permission.INTERNET
用于实现联网功能
必选
android.permission.CAMERA
用于在使用 SDK 进行实时音视频通话时，开启摄像头采集视频画面
可选
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
用于在使用 SDK 进行实时音视频通话时，开启麦克风采集音频数据
可选
android.permission.BLUETOOTH
用于需要支持蓝牙耳机和耳麦的接入
可选
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
用于监控 WIFI 状态变化，提示用户当前网络环境
可选
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
用于监控网络状态变化，提示用户当前网络环境
可选
android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS
用于修改全局音频配置，如在直播中开启蓝牙采集音频等场景
可选
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
用于进行自定义路径下的日志文件的存储
可选
iOS
Privacy - Camera Usage Description
用于在使用 SDK 进行实时音视频通话时，开启摄像头采集视频数据
可选
Privacy - Microphone Usage Description
用于在使用 SDK 进行实时音视频通话时，开启麦克风采集音频数据
可选
播放器SDK
Android
android.permission.INTERNET
用于实现联网功能
可选
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
用于监控网络状态
可选
HarmonyOS Next
ohos.permission.INTERNET
网络权限，用于实现联网功能
可选
ohos.permission.GET_NETWORK_INFO
获取网络信息
可选
ohos.permission.KEEP_BACKGROUND_RUNNING
用于后台播放
可选
iOS
Privacy - Local Network Usage Description
用于实现联网功能
可选
低延时直播 SDK
Android
android.permission.INTERNET
用于实现联网功能
必选
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
用于监控网络状态
可选
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
用于日志文件的存储
可选
iOS
Privacy - Local Network Usage Description
用于实现联网功能
必选
号码认证 SDK
Android
android.permission.INTERNET
允许应用程序联网，用于访问网关和认证服务器。
必选
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
允许应用程序访问WiFi 网络状态信息。
必选
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
获取网络状态，判断是否数据，WiFi 等
必选
android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE
允许程序改变网络连接状态。
必选
iOS
Privacy - Local Network Usage Description
允许应用程序联网，用于访问网关和认证服务器。
必选
云短信SDK
Linux等
无
用于服务端云短信请求
无
容器轻应用平台SDK
Linux等
无
用于服务端容器集群调度请求
无
云主机SDK
Linux等
无
用于服务端云主机请求
无
互动直播低代码 SDK
Android
android.permission.INTERNET
用于实现联网功能
必选
android.permission.CAMERA
用于在使用 SDK 进行实时音视频通话时，开启摄像头采集视频画面
可选
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
用于在使用 SDK 进行实时音视频通话时，开启麦克风采集音频数据
可选
android.permission.BLUETOOTH
用于需要支持蓝牙耳机和耳麦的接入
可选
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
用于监控 WIFI 状态变化，提示用户当前网络环境
可选
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
用于监控网络状态变化，提示用户当前网络环境
可选
android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS
用于修改全局音频配置，如在直播中开启蓝牙采集音频等场景
可选
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
用于进行自定义路径下的日志文件的存储
可选
iOS
Privacy - Camera Usage Description
用于在使用 SDK 进行实时音视频通话时，开启摄像头采集视频数据
可选
Privacy - Microphone Usage Description
用于在使用 SDK 进行实时音视频通话时，开启麦克风采集音频数据
可选
请注意，在不同设备和系统中，权限显示方式及关闭方式可能有所不同，请终端用户参考其使用的设备及操作系统开发方的说明或指引。当终端用户关闭权限即代表其取消了相应的授权，我们和开发者将无法继续收集和使用对应的个人信息，也无法为终端用户提供上述与该等授权所对应的功能。
3. 我们从第三方获得的第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息
我们可能从第三方开发者授权同意的第三方（我们的合作方）处间接获取第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息，获取的个人信息是为实现七牛 SDK 产品和/或服务必要功能所必需的最少数量。
如我们收集的信息无法单独或结合其他信息识别到第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人身份，其不属于法律意义上的个人信息。
我们会在收集前要求第三方对个人信息来源的合法性作出承诺，并向第三方开发者和/或终端用户告知共享的目的、信息等内容，在依法取得第三方开发者和/或终端用户同意后收集个人信息，确保在已获得的个人信息处理的授权同意范围内进行共享。
如第三方有违反法律法规要求或约定的行为，我们会立即停止从该方收集信息、停止合作并采取相应的补救措施将损失减少到最小；同时，我们会使用不低于对自身用户个人信息同等的保护水平对间接获取的个人信息进行保护，在间接获取个人敏感信息时，我们会采用更加严格的（如传输加密等）安全保障措施。
4. 以下情形中，我们收集、使用个人信息无需征得第三方开发者和/或终端用户的授权同意
4.1 为订立、履行个人作为一方当事人的合同所必需，或者按照依法制定的劳动规章制度和依法签订的集体合同实施人力资源管理所必需；
4.2 为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；
4.3 为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护自然人的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
4.4 为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
4.5 依照本法规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
4.6 法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
5. 个人信息的使用规则
我们会根据本声明和/或与第三方开发者的合同约定，并仅为实现七牛 SDK 产品和/或服务功能，对所收集的个人信息进行处理。若需要将收集的个人信息用于其他目的，我们会以合理方式告知第三方开发者和/或终端用户，并在第三方开发者获得终端用户同意后和/或单独获得终端用户同意后进行使用。
我们向第三方开发者提供的 SDK 产品和/或服务停止运营后，或者第三方开发者和/或终端用户撤回个人信息的授权后，或者在第三方开发者和/或终端用户注销账号后，我们将会于合理的时间内销毁或匿名化处理从第三方开发者和/或终端用户处接收的所有个人信息，除非法律另有规定。
二、第三方终端用户的授权同意
第三方开发者将七牛 SDK 产品和/或服务集成到其第三方中，为向终端用户提供七牛 SDK 产品和/或服务，我们会以合法合规的方式收集、存储、加工来自于第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息。
请第三方开发者知悉并同意：
第三方开发者已经遵守并将持续遵守适用的法律、法规和监管要求收集、使用和处理第三方终端用户的个人信息，包括但不限于制定和公布有关个人信息保护声明或隐私政策等；
在集成七牛 SDK 前，第三方开发者已经告知第三方终端用户并且已经获得终端用户充分、必要且明确的授权、同意和许可（包括获取了儿童监护人对提供终端用户是儿童的个人信息的授权同意）、为提供七牛 SDK 产品和/或服务以及与第三方功能对应的目的，我们会收集和共享以及如何使用（包括允许我们根据本声明的规定收集和处理）第三方终端用户的个人信息；
除非适用法律另有规定，第三方开发者已经告知终端用户并且获得终端用户充分必要的授权、同意和许可，允许我们对已经收集的个人信息进行去标识化处理，并且在符合相关法律法规的前提下，可以将收集、处理的信息用于本声明第一条列明的用途；
在获得终端用户的同意前，除非法律法规另有规定，不应收集终端用户的个人信息；
已向终端用户提供易于操作且满足法律法规要求的用户权利实现机制，并告知终端用户如何查阅、复制、修改、删除个人信息，撤回同意，以及限制个人信息处理、转移个人信息、获取个人信息副本和注销账号。
三、如何共享、转让、公开披露第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息
1. 共享
一般情况下，我们不会与我们的关联公司、合作伙伴及第三方共享第三方开发者和/或终端用户的必要的个人信息，除非为实现本声明第一条中所提及目的的需要。
如存在分享的行为，我们会要求关联公司、合作伙伴及第三方提供数据安全能力和信息安全资质（如等级保护测评、信息安全管理体系等）证明。在个人敏感信息的处理上，我们会要求第三方采用数据脱敏加密技术，从而更好地保护个人信息。如果第三方开发者和/或终端用户对第三方处理个人信息有异议或发现这些第三方存在风险时，请按照本声明第九条所述方式联系我们。
我们的关联公司、合作伙伴及第三方如要改变个人信息的处理目的，我们会再次征求第三方开发者和/或终端用户的同意。
2. 转让
我们不会将第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
2.1 事先获得第三方开发者和/或终端用户明确的同意或授权；
2.2 在涉及合并、收购、资产转让或类似的交易时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会要求新的持有第三方开发者和/或终端用户个人信息的公司、组织继续受本隐私声明的约束，否则，我们将要求该公司、组织重新向第三方开发者和/或终端用户征求授权同意。
3. 公开披露
我们不会公开披露第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息，除非：
3.1 获得第三方开发者和/或终端用户的明确同意后；
3.2 在法律法规、法律程序、诉讼或政府主管部门强制要求的情况下。
4. 共享、转让、公开披露个人信息时事先征得授权同意的例外
请理解，在以下情形中，根据法律法规及国家标准，我们共享、转让、公开披露第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息，无需事先征得第三方开发者和/或终端用户的授权同意：
4.1 与个人信息控制者履行法律法规规定的义务相关的；
4.2 与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
4.3 与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益直接相关的；
4.4 与刑事侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等直接相关的；
4.5 出于维护第三方开发者和/或终端用户或其他个人的生命、财产等重大合法权益但又很难得到本人同意的；
4.6 第三方开发者和/或终端用户自行向社会公众公开的个人信息；
4.7 从合法公开披露的信息中收集个人信息的，如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道。
请知悉，**如我们收集的信息无法单独或结合其他信息识别到第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人身份，其不属于法律意义上的个人信息，**此类处理后数据的共享、转让、公开披露，无需另行向第三方开发者和/或终端用户通知并征得同意。
四、如何存储第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息
1. 存储方式和期限
我们会通过安全的方式存储第三方开发者和/或终端用户的信息，包括本地存储、数据库和服务器日志。
一般情况下，我们只会在为实现本声明所述目的所必需的最短时间内或适用的法律法规规定或个人信息主体另行授权同意的条件/范围内存储第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息。
法律法规另有规定，或第三方开发者和/或终端用户另行授权同意的情形下，我们可能会延长个人信息存储期限。
2. 存储地域
我们会按照法律法规规定，将境内收集的个人信息存储于中国境内。
如七牛因提供服务需要跨境传输或存储个人信息的，我们会向第三方开发者和/或终端用户告知个人信息出境的目的、接收方、安全保证措施和安全风险，
并征得第三方开发者和/或终端用户的同意。
若第三方开发者使用七牛的产品或服务，应用于中华人民共和国大陆以外的地区，需向中华人民共和国境外提供个人信息的，第三方开发者应当遵守《中华人民共和国个人信息保护法》关于个人信息跨境传输的有关规定，并符合当地有关数据跨境传输转移的法律法规和监管要求。
五、如何保护第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息安全
1. 安全保护措施
我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护第三方开发者和/或终端用户提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损毁、泄漏或丢失。
我们采用业界领先的技术保护措施。我们使用的技术手段包括但不限于防火墙、加密（例如 SSL）、去标识化或匿名化处理、访问控制措施等。此外，我们还会不断加强将 SDK 集成到第三方上的安全能力。
我们建立了专门保障个人信息安全的管理制度、流程和组织。我们也会审查该管理制度、流程和组织，以防未经授权的人员擅自访问、使用或披露用户的信息。
2. 安全事件处置措施
若发生个人信息泄露、损毁、丢失等安全事件，我们会启动应急预案，阻止安全事件扩大。安全事件发生后，我们会及时以推送通知、邮件等形式向第三方开发者和/或终端用户告知安全事件的基本情况、我们即将或已经采取的处置措施和补救措施，以及我们对第三方开发者和/或终端用户的应对建议。
六、第三方开发者和/或终端用户如何管理其个人信息
我们非常重视第三方开发者和/或终端用户对个人信息的管理，并尽全力提供对个人信息的查询、访问、修改、删除、投诉举报以及设置隐私功能等的相关权利，以使第三方开发者和/或终端用户有能力保障自身的隐私和信息安全。
1. 针对第三方开发者
鉴于第三方开发者直接负有响应终端用户个人信息请求的义务，第三方开发者应：
根据其使用的开发者平台功能设置, 为终端用户提供并明确其查阅、复制、修改、删除个人信息、撤回同意、转移个人信息、限制个人信息处理、获取个人信息副本和注销账号的方式。
当在使用七牛SDK产品的过程中, 如果终端用户提出管理其个人信息的请求, 并且第三方开发者已确定该等请求涉及到了七牛SDK产品处理的个人信息、需要我们协助处理时, 您应当及时通过本声明第九条所述方式联系我们, 并附上必要的终端用户请求的书面证明材料。我们将及时核验相关材料, 并按照相关法律法规, 以及本声明等法律文本中明确的规则, 为终端用户行使权利的请求提供相应的支持与配合。
2. 针对第三方终端用户
由于第三方终端用户不是我们的直接用户，我们建议：
2.1 为保障终端用户的权利实现，我们已要求第三方开发者承诺提供便于操作的用户权利实现方式。如终端用户需要查阅、复制、修改、删除其相关的个人信息、撤回同意、限制个人信息处理、获取个人信息副本和注销账号，可要求第三方开发者提供上述权利实现方式。
请终端用户注意，我们难以控制第三方开发者的行为，如果第三方开发者未按照承诺提供，终端用户可通过本声明第九条中的方式与我们取得联系，我们将尽力协调、支持并保障终端用户的权利的实现；
2.2 为了更好保障终端用户的相关账号安全和个人信息安全，当终端用户直接向我们主张个人信息主体权利时，应提供必要的证明文件，我们还会对终端用户进行身份验证。我们会向第三方开发者核实终端用户身份以保障终端用户第三方账号安全的情况下，响应终端用户的相关请求；
2.3 当终端用户直接向我们主张个人信息主体权利时，根据第三方开发者的隐私政策或个人信息保护声明，我们还可能将与终端用户个人信息相关的请求直接发送给该第三方开发者，要求其处理和/或寻求帮助。
3. 响应第三方开发者和/或终端用户的合理请求
我们会响应第三方开发者和/或终端用户上述的合理请求，对多次重复、超出合理限度的请求，我们将视情况收取一定成本费用，对无端重复、需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者非常不切实际（例如，涉及备份磁盘上存放的信息）的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
在以下情形中，我们可能无法响应第三方开发者和/或终端用户的请求：
3.1 与我们履行法律法规规定的义务相关的；
3.2 与国家安全、国防安全直接相关的；
3.3 与公共安公共卫生、重大公共利益直接相关的；
3.4 与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和执行判决等直接相关的；
3.5 我们有充分证据表明第三方开发者和/或终端用户存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
3.6 出于维护第三方开发者和/或终端用户或其他个人的生命、财产等重大合法权益但又很难得到本人同意的；
3.7 响应第三方开发者和/或终端用户的请求将导致第三方开发者或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
3.8 涉及商业秘密的。
如第三方开发者和/或终端用户的对上述权利实现存在疑问，可以根据本声明第九条所述方式与我们联系。
七、如何处理儿童个人信息
请第三方开发者确保是18周岁（含）以上人士。请第三方开发者理解并知悉，如果第三方是针对不满 14 周岁儿童用户的**（第三方开发者知悉用户群体中有不满十四周岁未成年人的也属于此种情形**），请第三方开发者务必制定专门的个人信息处理规定，并确保第三方终端用户（儿童）的父母或其他监护人已经阅读并同意了第三方的隐私政策以及本文，并且经其单独同意后提供儿童个人信息给我们，以实现第三方在隐私政策中所述的相关功能。
如果第三方开发者的第三方是针对儿童并为儿童用户设计和开发的，请第三方开发者务必指定专门的个人信息处理规定，并务必确保该第三方终端用户（儿童）的父母或其他监护人已经阅读并同意了第三方的隐私政策/个人信息保护声明以及本声明，并且经其单独同意提供儿童个人信息给我们以实现第三方的相关功能。
如果我们在不知情的情况下收集了儿童的个人信息，我们将及时对其进行删除，除非法律法规要求我们保留此类资料。如果第三方开发者和/或终端用户（儿童）的父母或其他监护人认为我们错误或意外地向儿童收集了信息，请按本声明第九条所述方式及时联系我们。如果经我们发现第三方开发者未获得儿童的父母或其他监护人同意向我们提供儿童个人信息的，我们将尽快删除该儿童的个人信息并确保不对其进一步处理。如果未成年人的监护人对所监护未成年人的个人信息处理行为有相关疑问时、或希望查询、复制、变更、撤回同意或删除相应未成年人的个人信息时, 可以联系第三方开发者, 或通过本声明第九条的联系方式与我们联系。
但请注意，若终端用户和/或终端用户（儿童）的父母或其他监护人要求我们删除特定儿童个人信息，可能导致该终端用户（儿童）无法继续使用我们的产品和服务或产品和服务中的某些具体业务功能。
八、如何变更与更新本声明
为给第三方开发者提供更好的服务以及随着本平台产品和/或服务的不断发展与变化，我们可能会适时对本声明进行修订。
当本声明的条款发生变更时，我们会在版本更新时以弹窗、红点提示、网站公告等方式进行提示，并说明生效日期。此外，如果更新后的本声明对第三方终端用户的权利有所影响，还需要请第三方开发者适时更新第三方的隐私政策。
对于重大变更，我们还会提供更为显著的通知（包括对于某些服务，我们会通过电子邮件或站内信形式或公告形式发送通知，说明本声明的具体变更内容）。因此，请随时查看和了解本声明内容。如果第三方开发者和/或终端用户不同意接受本声明，请停止集成七牛 SDK。
本声明是七牛各 SDK 开发者平台服务协议的重要组成部分。我们还会将本声明的旧版本存档，供第三方开发者和/或终端用户查阅。
九、如何联系我们
如第三方开发者和/或终端用户对本声明或个人信息相关事宜有疑问，可以通过以下方式与我们取得联系：
提交工单
通过七牛客服电话 400-808-9176转1
发送邮件至
bd@qiniu.com
邮寄信件至：中国上海市浦东新区浦东软件园Q座七牛云客服中心（收）邮编：201203
为保障我们高效处理您的问题并及时向您反馈，我们可能需要您提交身份证明、有效联系方式和书面请求及相关证据，我们将在验证请求人身份后尽快审核所涉问题，并于十五个工作日内予以回复。
十、其它
《七牛云隐私政策》是七牛统一适用的一般性隐私条款，其中所规定的用户权利及信息安全保障措施均适用于第三方开发者和/或终端用户。如《七牛云隐私政策》与本声明存在不一致或矛盾之处，请以本声明为准。
我们请第三方开发者特别注意：当第三方开发者进行个人信息的处理活动，如果符合以下任何一项条件，请第三方开发者注意同时遵守《欧盟通用数据保护条例》（General Data Protection Regulation，以下简称 “GDPR”）：
第三方开发者在欧盟经济区域（“EEA”），无论该处理活动是否在欧盟进行；
向在 EEA 的个人提供商品或服务（不论是否有偿），或者监视其在 EEA 内的行为；
不在 EEA 内，但根据国际公法适用欧盟成员国法律（例如 EEA 成员国的使馆或领事馆）。
如果第三方开发者和/或终端用户来自EEA，我们收集和使用上述个人信息的法律依据将取决于相关个人信息以及我们收集信息的具体背景。
对于 EEA 中的第三方开发者和/或终端用户，有权根据适用的数据保护法律向主管数据保护机构投诉或向具有管辖权的法院提起诉讼。
如果第三方开发者和/或终端用户对我们收集和使用个人信息的法律依据有疑问或需要进一步信息的，请根据本声明第九条所述方式与我们联系。
2022 年 7 月 20 日更新并生效。
《七牛 SDK 隐私声明》历史版本：
《七牛 SDK 隐私声明》(2022 年 5 月 6 日版)
以上内容是否对您有帮助？
提交
引言
一、如何收集和使用第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息
二、第三方终端用户的授权同意
三、如何共享、转让、公开披露第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息
四、如何存储第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息
五、如何保护第三方开发者和/或终端用户的个人信息安全
六、第三方开发者和/或终端用户如何管理其个人信息
七、如何处理儿童个人信息
八、如何变更与更新本声明
九、如何联系我们
十、其它
服务•咨询
售前
立即咨询
售后
提交工单
回到顶部
提交成功！
提交失败，稍后重试！
此表单仅用于产品及服务售前咨询（您也可以拨打400-808-9176转2）
如有售后技术咨询，请
提交工单
咨询内容
*
请填写咨询内容
最多可输入255字
姓名
*
请填写姓名
公司名称
省份
*
北京市
天津市
河北省
山西省
内蒙古自治区
辽宁省
吉林省
黑龙江省
上海市
江苏省
浙江省
安徽省
福建省
江西省
山东省
河南省
湖北省
湖南省
广东省
广西壮族自治区
海南省
重庆市
四川省
贵州省
云南省
西藏自治区
陕西省
甘肃省
青海省
宁夏回族自治区
新疆维吾尔自治区
香港特别行政区
澳门特别行政区
台湾
联系电话
*
请以正确的格式填写联系电话
电子邮箱
*
请填写电子邮箱
提交
Sub-policy 7
https://www.agora.io/en/privacy-policy/:
Cookie Policy
If you click "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookie Preferences Icon
Cookie Settings
Agora Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 18, 2025
Introduction
Agora Lab, Inc. (together with our parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates, “ Agora,” “we,” or “us”) values the privacy of everyone who uses our websites (such as www.agora.io, collectively the “Site”), as well as all related web sites, events (career applications, recruitment activities, events and surveys), networks, embeddable widgets, downloadable software (including any development kits and any associated tools, also known as SDKs), mobile applications, beta products (including, without limitation, AgoraVideoCall etc.), Chat, Signaling, Recording, Interactive Whiteboard, cloud player, aPaaS services, and other services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, together with the Site, our “Service”).
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect and use Personal Information from or about you through the Service we provide and in connection with our customer, partner and vendor relationships, your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. For the purpose of this Policy, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual and does not include data whereby personally identifiable information has been removed (such as anonymous data).  In addition to the activities described in this Policy, we may process Personal Information provided by our enterprise customers (“Enterprise Customers”) when they use our Service. We process such Personal Information as a data processor on behalf of and following instructions from our Enterprise Customers, which are the entities responsible for the data processing.  To understand how an Enterprise Customer processes your Personal Information, please refer to that Enterprise Customer’s privacy policy.  If you are interested in what Personal Information we process when providing services to our Enterprise Customers, please refer to the
Agora Processor Privacy Statement
for more information.
Please read this Policy carefully. If you do not agree with this Policy or any part thereof, you should not access or use any part of the Service, or otherwise provide us with your Personal Information. If you change your mind in the future, you should stop using the Service and provide us with no further Personal Information.
Contents of this Policy
‍
This Policy outlines the following topics:
‍
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
Our Legal Basis for Processing European Personal Information
How We Disclose or Share Your Personal Information
Your Rights and Choices
Third-Party Services
Children’s Privacy
Data Security
Data Transfers
Data Retention
Changes and Updates to This Policy
Contact Us
1. Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
We obtain Personal Information relating to you from various sources described below. Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from our Service if that information is necessary to provide you with the Service, or if we are legally required to collect it.
undefined
Personal Information Collected from You
How We Use It
Account Registration
If you register to use the Service, then you must provide us with:
- Your name
- Email address
- Phone number
- A password to create an account and user profile
- Your company/institution name
- The industry of your company/institution
- Optional information, such as a photo of yourself
- Create and maintain a user account for the use of our Service and provide you with the appropriate products
- Display user ID and avatars to other users with whom you interact
- Provide marketing or promotions, should you desire
- Provide you with the latest news and updates on our applications
- Provide you with support, respond to your requests and complaints, and otherwise communicate with you
- Invite you to participate in surveys and events
Conversational AI Engine and Console Playground
We will ask you for your explicit consent to enable your audio and video to interact with any demonstrations in our Console Playground.
When you interact with our Conversational AI Engine, we may collect the following information:
- Speech-to-Text (STT) Transcripts: A text representation of the speech or input provided to the AI during a session.
- Session Logs and Metadata: This includes information such as timestamps, interactions with the AI, and system-level data related to the session.
We collect these data types for the following purposes:
- Troubleshooting and Quality Assurance: Storing logs and speech-to-text (STT) transcripts enables us to diagnose and resolve technical issues
- Service Enhancement: Understanding how users interact with our Conversational AI Engine helps us continue to improve the performance of our product.
We limit the collection of data to what is necessary for these purposes following generally accepted principles of data minimization.Data collected will not be used to train any Artificial Intelligence (AI) model.
We retain speech-to-text (STT) transcripts and session logs for 14 days. After this period, the data is securely deleted. This retention window was chosen to balance the need for troubleshooting while minimizing unnecessary data storage.
Opt-Out: You may opt out of STT transcript and log storage by contacting us at privacy@agora.io before using the service or by disabling certain features where possible in the Agora Console. Please note that opting out may limit our ability to troubleshoot or resolve issues effectively.
Communication and Support
When you communicate with us via the Service, or you send us a request, application, claim, report or complaint, we collect Personal Information, such as:
- Your name
- Email address
- Physical address, if applicable
- IP Address
- Phone number
- Contents and nature of your correspondence with us, including technical support requests, meeting (virtual or in-person, public or private) requests, competition requests, complaints, queries and feedback on your use of the Service
Further, we provide you with the option of using our chatbot or similar tools to communicate with us.
If you choose to interact with such tools, you agree that we will process your Personal Information provided by you during your interaction with such tools in accordance with this Policy, the Personal Information of which may include your account preferences, IP address, and the nature of any issues you want to resolve which you enter into the chatbot or similar tools.
- Provide you with support, respond to your requests and complaints, and otherwise communicate with you
- Provide you with the information you request, and refine the products to meet your feedback
- Analyze your request, application, claim, report or complaint and improve the quality of our products if necessary
- Understand your preferences and support you with necessary products or features
Cookie Information
We will automatically collect information about your visit to our Site and use of our service via cookies. The information collected will typically include Personal Information, such as
- Your IP address
- Advertising identifiers
For detailed information about the Cookies and similar technologies we use in our Site, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
- Analyze how our Site is used to generate a better experience
- Remember your settings and preferences
- Personalize our service and provide customized advertisements, content, and information
- Analyze our marketing activities and improve them
- Provide our Service and support
- Other uses stated in our
Cookie Policy
Job Applications
We will collect any information you choose to provide to us when you apply for a job with Agora, including your resume and references.
- Process your job application
- Communicate with you
Events and Surveys
We will collect information about you when you attend an event (e.g., our RTC/RTE Innovation Challenge or annual RTE Meeting, virtual format or in-person), or fill out a form or survey with us. Such information includes:
- Your name
- Email address
- IP address
- Phone number
- Zip/post code
If you do not object to recording of the meetings/events (for meetings/events in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”), we or third parties on our behalf , will ask you for your explicit consent before such recording), we will typically collect your voice, images, photographs, or video shared or captured with or on behalf of us during the events/meetings, including, without limitation, the content of media:
- Subjects captured
- Associated content, voice, likeness, image, or statements
- Metadata information
We might also collect your age, gender, or other Personal Information; however, we will only collect those with your explicit consent.
- Analyze how our Site is used and generate a better experience
- Send marketing or promotions
- Provide you with the latest news and updates about our Service
- Invite you to provide your feedback
- Invite you to events and send gifts or rewards
- Promote and market the events
- Share features and results of an event to its participants
- Promote interaction and engagement among participants
Payment Information
We will collect payment-related information for the purpose of creating your paid account, and process your payment to provide you with our paid services, including your:
- Billing name
- Billing phone
- Billing address
- Payment method
- Company name (if applicable)
You can provide us with this information through your account dashboard or directly in our Enterprise Customer agreement.
- Create a paid account
- Provide our paid account services
- Provide support and respond to requestsundefined
- Process your paymentundefined
- Communicate with youundefined
Personal Information Obtained from Third Parties
How We Use It
Information from Enterprise Customers
If you are using the Service as an end user of an Enterprise Customer, we may process Personal Information about you provided by our Enterprise Customers who use the Service with their own end users. Please refer to Agora Processor Privacy Statement for more information about what Personal Information we process.
- Provide you with the Service
- Other uses as stated in our
Processor Privacy Statement
Information from Other Third Parties
We may obtain information, including Personal Information from third parties and sources other than from our Service. If we combine or associate information from other sources with Personal Information that we collect through our Service, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.
- Provide you with the Service
- Contact you and provide you with the support you requested
- Invite you to our events, and present you each feature of our events, surveys, and other activities
- Provide direct marketing to you
- Otherwise communicate with you
Notwithstanding the above, we may use your Personal Information to enforce our End User License Agreement and Terms of Service, to defend our legal rights, to conduct audits, to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies, to contact you for administrative purposes such as to address intellectual property infringement, privacy violations or defamation issues related to user content posted on the Service. Where we do so, we will use the Personal Information relevant to such a case. Some processing may also be necessary to comply with a legal obligation placed on us.
2. Our Legal Basis for Processing European Personal Information
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, we only process your Personal Information based on a valid legal basis, including when:
You have consented to the use of your Personal Information;
We need your Personal Information to provide you with the Service, including for account registration and to respond to your inquiries;
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information to conduct business analytics and direct marketing, and otherwise improve the safety, security, and performance of our Service. We only rely on our, or a third party’s, legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
3. How We Disclose or Share Your Personal Information
Agora Affiliates and Subsidiaries
We will typically disclose Personal Information about you within our Agora affiliates and subsidiaries in a secure manner for the purpose of providing our Service or communicating with you.
Agora Users
Any Personal Information that you choose to include on or through the Service, including information in a publicly accessible area of the Service (such as a public profile page) or information you share with or allow to be shared with other users, will be available to anyone who has access to that content, including other users. We are not responsible for privacy practices of the other users who will view and use the posted information.
Agora’s Partners, Vendors and Service Providers
We work with third party service providers to provide website or application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services for us. These third parties may have access to or process your Personal Information as part of providing those services for us. We limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information. Such third parties may typically include storage vendors, internet carriers, payment processing partners, survey firms and virtual or in-person event organizers.
For more information about third parties and partners we use or work with to provide you with a better experience and service, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
Advertising Partners
We may share your Personal Information with our third-party advertising partners to provide ads that we think may interest you. For more information about our advertising and marketing practices and those of the third-party advertising partners, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Other Third Parties
We may also share Personal Information about you with other third parties in the following circumstances:
In Aggregated Form.
We may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated, or otherwise de-identified information available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service.
To Comply with Legal Obligations.
We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. copyright law), in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
To Protect and Enforce Our Rights.
We also reserve the right to disclose your information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service and any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.
In case of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfer.
Information about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
With Your Consent.
We also may disclose your Personal Information as may be described in a notice to you at the time the information is collected or before it is shared, or in any other manner to which you consent.
4. Your Rights and Choices
Account Information
You are entitled to decline to share certain Personal Information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide you with some of the features and functionalities of the Service. You may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by accessing your account settings page on the Service. If you wish to access or amend any other Personal Information we hold about you, you may contact us at
privacy@agora.io
. Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so, to the extent permitted under applicable law.
Opt-Out from Commercial Communication
If you receive any commercial emails from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial emails from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time, by sending your request to us by email (to
privacy@agora.io
) or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this policy. We may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us in user account functionality on the Service. Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to fifteen business days for us to process your request, and you may receive promotional communications from us that you have opted-out from during that period, unless we are required by applicable law to process your request within a shorter period of time. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding the Service.
Privacy Settings
Although we may allow you to adjust your privacy settings to limit access to certain Personal Information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on the Service. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Further, even after information posted on the Service is removed, caching and archiving services may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have copied or stored the information available on the Service. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, we cannot and do not guarantee that information you post on or transmit to the Service will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Do Not Track
Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature. Because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to Do Not Track signals, our website does not currently respond to such signals.
Do Not Sell Personal Information
We will not sell your Personal Information to any third party without your prior written consent.
Additional
Privacy Rights
Depending on your jurisdiction and applicable data protection legislation, you may have additional rights. If you are located in EEA or UK, you have these additional rights in relation to the Personal Information that we hold:
Withdrawal of Consent
Where we rely on consent for the processing of your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Access
You have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you, and to receive an explanation of how we use it and with whom we share it.
Correction
You have the right to correct any Personal Information we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Erasure
You have the right to request your Personal Information to be erased or deleted.
Object to Processing
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information where we are relying on a legitimate interest.
Restrict Processing
You have a right in certain circumstances to stop us processing your Personal Information other than for storage purposes.
Portability
You have the right to receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, Personal Information that you have provided with us if we process it on the basis of our contract with you or with your consent, or to request that we transfer such Personal Information to a third party.
Complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority in your country of residence, place of work, or where an incident takes place.
Exercising Your Rights
Please note that, prior to any response to the exercise of such rights, we may require you to verify your identity. In addition, we may have valid legal reasons to refuse your request and will inform you if that is the case. For more information on, or to exercise your rights, please email
privacy@agora.io
.
5. Third-Party Services
This Policy applies only to the processing of your Personal Information by Agora. The Service may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. The policies and procedures described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to Third Party websites. Any information you provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’ policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
6. Children's Privacy
Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16 without obtaining parental consent. If you are under 16 years of age, then please do not use or access the Service at any time or in any manner. If we learn that Personal Information has been collected on the Service from persons under 16 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 16 years of age has obtained an account on the Service, then you may alert us at
privacy@agora.io
and request that we delete that child’s Personal Information from our systems.
7. Data Security
We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to appropriately protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the Personal Information in our possession. WE CANNOT, HOWEVER, ENSURE OR WARRANT THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU TRANSMIT TO US OR STORE ON THE SERVICE, AND YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE ALSO CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT SUCH INFORMATION MAY NOT BE ACCESSED, DISCLOSED, ALTERED, OR DESTROYED BY BREACH OF ANY OF OUR PHYSICAL, TECHNICAL, OR MANAGERIAL SAFEGUARDS. The foregoing is subject to requirements under applicable law to ensure or warrant information security.
If, under applicable law, we learn of a security breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may post a notice through the Service if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach, you should notify us at
privacy@agora.io
.
8. Data Transfers
While Agora provides its Service globally, the Service is hosted in the United States. If you choose to use the Service, then please note that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of your jurisdiction to the United States and other regions where our data centers are located for storage and processing, which may not have the same level of data protection as that of your jurisdiction. Also, we may further transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service.
If you’re from EEA or UK, when we transfer your Personal Information out of the EEA or UK, we will comply with applicable EEA/UK data protection laws and take appropriate measures to safeguard the security of your Personal Information. For example, we may transfer your Personal Information to countries which have been found to provide adequate protection by the EU Commission (e.g., Switzerland and Canada) to process and store your Personal Information, or we may use contractual protections for the transfer of your Personal Information to regions which haven’t been found to provide adequate protection by the EU Commission. You may contact us as specified below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer your Personal Information outside of EEA or the UK.
The EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF were respectively developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission, UK Government, and Swiss Federal Administration to provide U.S. organizations with reliable mechanisms for personal data transfers to the United States from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland while ensuring data protection that is consistent with EU, UK, and Swiss law. Agora is now part of the DPF program and you may find more info here:
https://www.agora.io/en/data-privacy-framework-notice/
9. Data Retention
We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identification when this information is no longer required for the purposes for which we processed it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period.
When determining the retention period, we consider various criteria which include:
The type of products and services used by or provided to you
The nature and length of our relationship with you
Re-enrollment with our products or services
The impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you
Mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations
Additionally, if you no longer desire to use our Service, you can choose to delete your account and associated information. We provide you with this option when accessing your account dashboard, where, after authenticating yourself and satisfying certain conditions, you’ll be able to request the deletion of your Agora account and associated information, unless we are legally required to keep it.
10. Changes and Updates to This Policy
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time to time. If we modify the Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision. If the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the Service for the first time after such material changes are made. If you have an Agora account, we may also notify you of any changes / updates to this Policy in your account dashboard. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Policy.
11. Contact Us
Agora Lab, Inc. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information as described in this Policy. If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, your Personal Information, our use and disclosure practices, your consent choices, or if you would like to exercise your rights, please contact us by email at
privacy@agora.io
or write to us at:
Agora Lab, Inc.
2804 Mission College Blvd, Suite 110
Santa Clara, CA 95054
United States
‍