Terms of Use agreement
Dear Sir/Madam,
Thank you for reviewing our Terms of Use Agreement (the "Terms"), which we, Your Story Interactive SRL, a company organized and existing pursuant to the laws of the Republic of Moldova, adopted as of April 1st, 2017. Please take a moment to review the information below. We hope you find this informative. Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to let us know.
1. INTRODUCTION
In order for us to provide you with our games and related services which include gaming applications for mobile computing devices, game consoles, personal computers, smart TVs, social media gaming applications, fan pages, contests, promotions, forums, websites, viral features and related technology, and certain other services we provide ("Services"), it is important that we incorporate certain legal guidelines and rules to make sure everyone's rights are respected and that we are doing what we can to protect user's rights and your personal privacy.
Please read this Terms of Use Agreement (the "Terms") carefully, as it constitute a legally binding agreement and applies to your use of the Services provided by Your Story Interactive SRL, a company organized and existing pursuant to the laws of the Republic of Moldova having a business address of Viilor 32, Dubasarii Vechi, 4822, Moldova ("Your Story Interactive" or "Us" "We"), whether you are accessing the Services via a personal computer, a wireless or mobile device or any other technology or device now known or hereafter developed or discovered (each, a "Device"). These Terms govern only the Services We provide and do not cover other websites or any corresponding content, features, and activities made available by any other company, even if URLs or hyperlinks to such websites are provided within the Services, unless specifically stated.
These Terms apply to all users of the Services, whether you have registered an account or not (referred to herein as "User", "You" or "Your"), and by using the Services, you understand, acknowledge and agree that You shall comply with the terms and conditions of these Terms and any additional terms and conditions that govern certain products or services. The Services may also provide rules of participation for certain activities and services, including, without limitation, contests, sweepstakes, and other initiatives. Our Privacy Policy, and any additional terms, rules, or conditions, are hereby incorporated into these Terms by reference. To the extent that there is a conflict between these Terms and the specific terms or rules for the activity in which you choose to participate, these Terms shall govern.
2. ELIGIBILITY
By using the Services, You represent, warrant and covenant that: (a) You are 18 years of age or older, or if You are a minor over the age of thirteen (13), You have obtained Your parent or guardian's consent to use the Services in accordance with these Terms; (b) Your use of the Services does not violate any applicable law, rule or regulation; and (c) all registration information You submit to Us is truthful and accurate and that You shall maintain and promptly update the accuracy of such information. If You provide information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or We suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, We have the right to suspend or terminate Your registration (in whole or in part) and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof), in Our sole discretion. If You reside outside of the United States of America (the "U.S."), You further acknowledge and agree that the Services are being provided solely in accordance with, the laws of the U.S., and the laws of the U.S. may differ from those of your particular jurisdiction(s). Please ensure that you are comfortable with these differences before accessing and using the Services.
3. MODIFICATIONS
We may modify these Terms from time to time, and at any time, without notice to You, for any reason, in our sole discretion, and each such modification shall be effective upon posting of the updated Terms in place of these Terms. We recommend that You check back frequently and review these Terms of Use regularly so you are aware of the most current rights and obligations that apply to You.
This agreement may not be otherwise amended except in a writing hand signed by You and Us. For purposes of this provision, "writing" does not include an e-mail message and a signature does not include an electronic signature.
If at any point You do not abide by Your Story Interactive's Terms, rules or codes of conduct relating to Your use of the Services, your license to use the Services shall immediately terminate and You must immediately stop using the Services.
4. LIMITED LICENSE
Subject to Your agreement and continuing compliance with these Terms and any other relevant Your Story Interactive policies, terms, conditions, or rules, Your Story Interactive grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable limited license subject to the limitations set forth herein to access and use the Services using a supported web browser or mobile device solely for Your own non-commercial entertainment purposes. You agree not to use the Services for any other purpose.
5. TERM
These Terms, and any posted revision or modification thereto, shall remain in full force and effect while You use or are registered for the Services. You may terminate Your use of or registration to the Services at any time, for any reason, and We may terminate Your use of or registration or license to the Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or explanation, and without liability or obligation to You or any third party. Even after Your registration is terminated, Your obligations under these Terms, the Privacy Policy, any additional terms or rules, including, without limitation, any indemnifications, warranties and limitations of liability, shall remain in effect.
6. VIRTUAL CURRENCY
You understand that while at times You may "earn" "buy" or "purchase" (a) virtual currency, including but not limited to virtual coins, cash, tokens, or points, all for use within or in conjunction with the Services; or (b) virtual in-game items (together with virtual currency, "Virtual Items"); these real world terms are only being used as shorthand to identify these Virtual Items. You do not in fact "own" the Virtual Items and the amounts of any Virtual Item do not refer to any credit balance of real currency or its equivalent. Rather, you may purchase a limited license to use the Services, including software programs that occasionally manifest themselves as these items. The purchase and sale of the limited license referred to in these Terms is a completed transaction upon receipt of your direct payment or redemption of a third party virtual currency that We accept. Any "virtual currency" balance shown in your Account does not constitute a real-world balance or reflect any stored value, but instead constitutes a measurement of the extent of your license.
7. LICENSE LIMITATIONS
Any use of the services in violation of these license limitations set forth in this section is strictly prohibited, can result in the immediate revocation of your limited license granted to you hereby and may subject you to liability for violations of law. Any attempt by you to disrupt or interfere with the services including undermining or manipulating the legitimate operation of any game is a violation of our policy and may be a violation of criminal and civil laws.
A. LIMITATIONS ON CONTENT AND USE
You are solely responsible for your conduct, your use of the services, and any content you generate in connection with your use of the services. The services have a set of restrictions on the types of conduct that is allowed during your use of the services. These restrictions are designed to make use of the services a good and fun experience for everyone. Please review the restrictions below, which govern your use of the services:
a) You shall not create a user account or access the services if you are under the age of 13;
b) You shall monitor your user account to restrict use by minors, and you will deny access to children under the age of thirteen (13). You accept full responsibility for any unauthorized use of the services by minors in connection with your account. You are responsible for any use of your credit card or other payment instrument (e.G. Paypal) or purchase of any virtual items by minors;
c) You shall not have more than one user account per platform, at any given time, and shall not create an account using a false identity or information, or on behalf of someone other than yourself;
d) You shall not create a user account or use the services if you are a convicted sex offender;
e) You shall not have a user account or use the services if you have previously been removed by Your Story Interactive or previously been banned from playing any of our games;
f) You shall use your user account only for non-commercial purposes;
g) You shall not use your user account to advertise, solicit, or transmit any commercial advertisements, including chain letters, junk e-mail or repetitive messages (spim and spam) to anyone;
h) You shall not use your user account to engage in any illegal conduct;
i) You shall not sublicense, rent, lease, sell, trade, gift, bequeath or otherwise transfer your user account or any virtual items associated with your user account to anyone without our prior written permission;
j) You shall not access or use a user account or virtual items that have been sublicensed, rented, leased, sold, traded, gifted, bequeathed, or otherwise transferred from the original user account creator without our prior written permission;
k) If you access the services or use the services in a manner that interacts with any third party platforms or social networks, you shall comply with such third party terms of service/use as well as these terms;
l) You shall not advertise, distribute, or make otherwise available to the public any software, or code, that may be used to alter the services in any manner without our knowledge of permission, or circumvent any security measures we have in place for the services.
B. OTHER LIMITATIONS
a) You acknowledge that you will not under any circumstances engage in any act that Your Story Interactive deems to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of the services, including but not limited to circumventing or manipulating these terms, our game rules, game mechanics or policies;
b) You acknowledge that you will not under any circumstances (i) use cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any unauthorized third party software designed to modify or interfere with the services or any game experience; (ii). Use the services in order to design or assist in the design of cheats, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any other unauthorized third party software designed to modify or interfere with the services or any game experience; (iii) without our express written consent, modify or cause to be modified any files that are a part of the services; (iv) disrupt, overburden, or aid or assist in the disruption or overburdening of (1) any computer or server used to offer or support the services or any game environment (each a "server"); or (2) the enjoyment of the services or any game by any other person; (v) institute, assist or become involved in any type of attack, including without limitation distribution of a virus, denial of services attacks upon the services, or other attempts to disrupt the services or any other person's use or enjoyment of the services; or (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the services, accounts registered to others or to the computers, servers, or networks connected to the services by any means other than the user interface provided by us, including but not limited to, by circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person to circumvent or modify, any security, technology, device, or software that is part of the services.
c) You acknowledge that you will not under any circumstances (i) post any information that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, or racially, sexually, religiously, or otherwise objectionable or offensive; (ii) post any information that contains nudity, excessive violence, or offensive subject matter or that contains a link to such content; (iii) attempt to, or harass, abuse, or harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse or harm of another person, group, including our employees, including our customer service representatives; or (iv) make available through the services any material or information that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity, or other right of any person or entity or impersonates any other person, including without limitation a Your Story Interactive employee.
d) You acknowledge that you will not under any circumstances (i) without our express written consent, use the services or any part thereof for any commercial purpose, including but not limited to (1) communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation, or (2) gathering or transferring virtual items for sale; (ii) use the services or any part thereof for performing in-game services, such as power-leveling and item collection services, in exchange for payment outside the services; or (iii) transmit unauthorized communications through the services, including junk mail, chain letters, spam and any materials that promote malware, spyware and downloadable items.
e) You acknowledge that you will not under any circumstances (i) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper functioning of the services or connect to or use the services in any way not expressly permitted by these terms; (ii) use any unauthorized third party software that accesses, intercepts, "mines", or otherwise collects information from or through the services or that is in transit from or to the services, including, without limitation, any software that reads areas of ram or streams of network traffic used by the services to store information about our game characters, elements, or environment. We may, at our sole and absolute discretion, allow the use of certain third party user interfaces; (iii) intercept, examine or otherwise observe any proprietary communications protocol used by a client, a server, or the services, whether through the use of a network analyzer, packet sniffer or other device; (iv) make any automated use of the system, or take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (v) bypass any robot exclusion headers or other measures we employ to restrict access to the services or use any software, technology, or device to send content or messages, scrape, spider, or crawl the services, or harvest or manipulate data; (vi) use, facilitate, create, or maintain any unauthorized connection to the services, including without limitation (1) any connection to any unauthorized server that emulates, or attempts to emulate any part of the services; or (2) any connection using programs, tools, or software not expressly approved by Your Story Interactive; (vii) except where permitted by law or relevant open source licenses, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for any underlying software or other intellectual property used to provide the services, or to obtain any information from the services using any method not expressly permitted by Your Story Interactive; or (viii) copy, modify or distribute rights or content from any Your Story Interactive website or game, or our copyrights or trademarks or use any method to copy or distribute the content of the services except as specifically allowed in these terms.
f) You acknowledge that you will not under any circumstances (i) solicit or attempt to solicit personal information from other users of the services; (ii) collect, harvest or post anyone's private information, including personally identifiable information (whether in text, image or video form), identification documents, or financial information through the services; or (iii) upload or transmit or attempt to upload or transmit, without our express permission, any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including, without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats ("gifs"), 1×1 pixels, web bugs, cookies or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as "spyware," "passive collection mechanisms" or "pcms"). We reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole and reasonable discretion,
        Violates, or is suspected of violating, this section, including, without limitation, reporting you to law enforcement authorities. Further, you acknowledge, consent and agree that we may access, preserve and disclose your account and registration information and any other content or information if required to do so by law or if based on a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (I) comply with the legal process; (ii) enforce these terms; (iii) respond to claims that any content or information violates the rights of any third party; (iv) respond to your requests for customer or technical services; or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Your Story Interactive, its users or any third parties.
8. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
a) Your Story Interactive owns, solely and exclusively, all right, title and interest in and to the Services and all content contained and/or made available on, through or in connection therewith (the "Content") (except for certain User-generated as further explained below), and all such Content is protected, without limitation, under U.S. Federal and State, European, as well as applicable laws, rules, regulations and treaties. The term "Content" includes, without limitation, all games, titles, videos (and the sound recordings embodied therein), artwork, photographs, illustrations, animations, graphics, logos, copy, lyrics, text, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, storylines, dialogue, sound recordings, musical compositions, audio-visual effects, methods of operation, moral rights, documentation, in-game chat transcripts, character profile information, game recordings, game client and server, catch phrases, concepts, computer code, data, user interfaces, visual interfaces, information, materials, and all copyrightable or otherwise legally protectable elements of the Services, including, without limitation, the design, selection, sequence, look and feel, and arrangement of the Services and its dedicated website, and any copyrights, trademarks, services marks, trade names, trade dress, patent rights, database rights and/or other intellectual property and/or proprietary rights therein (including with respect to any content contained and/or made available in any advertisements or information presented to you via the Services). Unless the context clearly requires otherwise or we explicitly set forth in writing, the term "Services" includes "Content" as well.
b) Except as explicitly provided herein, you may not use Your Story Interactive's name, trademarks, service marks or any other IP Right of Your Story Interactive in any manner whatsoever to suggest association or affiliation with or endorsement by Your Story Interactive without the express prior written consent of Your Story Interactive which Your Story Interactive may withhold at its sole discretion.
c) The Services are to be used solely for your noncommercial, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable and limited personal use and for no other purposes. You must not alter, delete or conceal any copyright, trademark, service mark or other notices contained in any of the Services, including, without limitation, notices on any Content you transmit, display, print, stream or reproduce from the Services. Except as expressly authorized by Us (e.g., Services that allow for the use of embeddable or viral features, etc.), you shall not, nor shall you allow any third party (whether or not for your benefit or otherwise) to, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast or circulate to any third party (including, without limitation, on or via a third party website or platform), or otherwise use, any Content without the express, prior written consent of Your Story Interactive. Any unauthorized or prohibited use of any Content may subject you to civil liability, criminal prosecution, or both, under applicable federal, state, local laws, or applicable foreign laws, rules, regulations and treaties. We require users to respect our copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights and shall aggressively enforce such rights to the fullest extent of the law, including seeking criminal prosecution. We likewise respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that the Services contain elements that infringe your copyrights, please follow the procedures set forth in below.
d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, you acknowledge and agree that you shall have no ownership or other property interest in an account, and you further acknowledge and agree that all rights in and to an account are and shall forever be owned by and inure to the benefit of Your Story Interactive. Generally, game or other accounts created with Your Story Interactive will be considered active until we receive a user request to deactivate or delete them; however, we reserve the right to terminate any account that has been inactive for 180 days.
e) Your Story Interactive owns, has licensed, or otherwise has rights to use all of the content that appears in the Services. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, you agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that appears in the Services, including without limitation the Virtual Items appearing or originating in any Your Story Interactive game, whether "earned" in a game or "purchased" from Your Story Interactive, or any other attributes associated with a User account or stored on the Services.
f) Your Story Interactive prohibits and does not recognize any purported transfers of Virtual Items effectuated outside of the Services, or the purported sale, gift or trade in the "real world" of anything that appears or originates in the Services, unless otherwise expressly authorized by Your Story Interactive in writing. Accordingly, you may not sublicense, trade, sell or attempt to sell in-game Virtual Items for "real" money, or exchange Virtual Items for value of any kind outside of a game, without Your Story Interactive's written permission. Any such transfer or attempted transfer is prohibited and void, and will subject your User account to termination.
g) "User Content" means any communications, images, sounds, and all the material, data, and information that you upload or transmit through a Your Story Interactive game client or the Services, or that other users upload or transmit, including without limitation any chat text. By transmitting or submitting any User Content while using the Services, you affirm, represent and warrant that such transmission or submission is (a) accurate and not confidential; (b) not in violation of any applicable laws, contractual restrictions or other third party rights, and that you have permission from any third party whose personal information or intellectual property is comprised in the User Content; (c) free of viruses, adware, spyware, worms or other malicious code; and (d) you acknowledge and agree that any of your personal information within such content will at all times be processed by Your Story Interactive in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
You own your User Content. You hereby grant Your Story Interactive and its affiliates a perpetual and irrevocable (other than as provided below), worldwide, fully paid-up and royalty free, non-exclusive, unlimited license, including the right to sublicense and assign to third parties, and right to copy, reproduce, fix, adapt, modify, improve, translate, reformat, create derivative works from, manufacture, introduce into circulation, commercialize, publish, distribute, sell, license, sublicense, transfer, rent, lease, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, or provide access to electronically, broadcast, communicate to the public by telecommunication, display, perform, enter into computer memory, and use and practice, in any way now known or in the future discovered, your User Content as well as all modified and derivative works thereof in connection with our provision of the Services, including marketing and promotions thereof. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, you hereby waive any moral rights you may have in any User Content. The license you grant Us to use user posted content (except any content you submit in response to Your Story Interactive promotions and competitions or any other content specifically solicited by Your Story Interactive) ends when you delete your User Content or you close your User account unless your User Content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted it. However, you understand and accept that removed content may persist in back-up copies for a reasonable period of time.
9. PERSONAL INFORMATION
We respect your privacy and the use and protection of your personally identifiable information. In the course of your use of the Services, you may be asked to provide certain personalized information to us (such information referred to herein as "Personally Identifiable Information"). Our information collection and use policies with respect to the privacy of such Personally Identifiable Information are set forth Our Privacy Policy which is incorporated herein by reference for all purposes. We encourage you to read the privacy policy, and to use it to help make informed decisions. We further encourage you to read the privacy policies of our business partners and/or affiliates. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of personally identifiable information.
10. USER POSTING AND ACTIVITY
a) The Services may provide you and other Users with an opportunity to participate in blogs, web communities and other message, comment and communication features and may provide you with the opportunity to submit, post, email, display, transmit or otherwise make available photographs, graphics, comments, reviews, links, materials, ideas, opinions, messages and other information via the Services (each, a "User Posting", and collectively, "User Postings"). When you submit User Postings you may also be asked to provide information about you and your submission. This may include, without limitation, such things as your User ID, a descriptive title, information about the User Posting, your location and/or similar information. By submitting User Postings, you acknowledge and agree that the term "User Posting" also includes, without limitation, and refers to all of the information you submit or we may receive that is related to your User Posting.
b) You understand, acknowledge and agree that all User Postings are the sole responsibility of the person from which such User Postings originated. This means that you are solely and entirely responsible for the consequences of all User Postings that you submit, upload, post, email, display, transmit or otherwise make available. User Postings do not reflect the views of Your Story Interactive and you understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to other people's User Postings that could be offensive, indecent or objectionable, and as such, We does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, quality or content of any User Postings. Under no circumstances shall We be held liable in any way for User Postings, including, without limitation, errors or omissions in any User Postings, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of any User Postings submitted, uploaded, posted, emailed, displayed, transmitted or otherwise made available
c) The Services, including, without limitation, all User Posting features and functionality, is for non-commercial purposes only and you may not submit, post, email, display, transmit or otherwise make available, in any manner, any User Posting that we deem to be an Unauthorized Posting (as defined below). We have the right, but not the obligation, to review any User Posting and to delete, remove, move, edit or reject, without notice to you, for any reason or for no reason whatsoever, any User Postings, including, without limitation, any Unauthorized Postings; provided, however, that We shall have no obligation or liability to you or any third party for failure to do so or for doing so in any particular manner. As used herein, the term "Unauthorized Posting" means any User Posting that is or may be construed as violating any of the terms and conditions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this Section, or is deemed to be unacceptable to Your Story Interactive, as determined in Our sole discretion.
d) In connection with all User Postings you submit, post, email, display, transmit or otherwise make available, you grant to Your Story Interactive the unqualified, unrestricted, unconditional, unlimited, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual and royalty-free right, license, authorization and permission, in any form or format, on or through any media or medium and with any technology or devices now known or hereafter developed or discovered, in whole or in part, to host, cache, store, maintain, use, reproduce, distribute, display, exhibit, perform, publish, broadcast, transmit, modify, prepare derivative works of, adapt, reformat, translate, and otherwise exploit all or any portion of your User Posting on the Services and any other websites, channels, services, and other distribution platforms, whether currently existing or developed in the future, for any purpose whatsoever (including, without limitation, for any promotional purposes) without accounting, notification, credit or other obligation to you, and the right to license and sub-license and authorize others to exercise any of the rights granted hereunder to Us, in Our sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, the rights, licenses and privileges described in these Terms and granted to Your Story Interactive shall commence immediately upon submission of your User Posting and shall continue thereafter perpetually and indefinitely, regardless of whether you use the Services as a registered User or not. These rights survive the removal of your User Posting.
e) Your Story Interactive does not acquire any title or ownership rights in the User Postings that you submit and/or make available. After you submit, post, email, display, transmit or otherwise make available any User Posting, you continue to retain any such rights that you may have in such User Posting, subject to the rights, licenses and privileges granted herein. You also represent, warrant and covenant that: (a) you own the User Posting posted by you or otherwise have the right to grant the rights, licenses and privileges described in these Terms and to perform and comply with all of the requirements set forth herein; (b) your submission, uploading, posting, emailing, displaying, transmission and/or making available of User Postings does not violate these Terms, any rights of any other party or entity, any of your obligations, any law, rule or regulation or infringe upon, misappropriate or violate any intellectual property, proprietary, privacy, moral, publicity or other rights of any party or entity; (c) you are not a minor and you have the legal right and capability to enter into these Terms of Use and perform and comply with all of its terms and conditions or, if you are a minor over the age of thirteen (13), your parent or legal guardian has agreed to these Terms of Use on your behalf; and (d) you hold and shall continue to hold all the ownership, license, proprietary and other rights necessary to enter into, authorize, grant rights and perform your obligations under these Terms and shall pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing to any person or entity by reason of your User Postings.
f) You acknowledge that other persons may have submitted User Postings to us, may have made public or developed, or may originate, submit, make public or develop, material similar or identical to all or a portion of your User Postings or concepts contained therein, and you understand and agree that you shall not be entitled to any compensation because of the use or exploitation thereof and the submission of User Postings, or any posting or display thereof, is not any admission of novelty, priority or originality. Even if you subsequently see or learn of a presentation, sound recording, composition, demo, idea, script, drawing, motion picture, photograph, film, video or any other content which appears to incorporate any idea or concept or include anything similar or identical to that contained in any User Posting you or anyone else submits, that is purely coincidental and unavoidable.
g) Your information, and the contents of all of your online communications (including without limitation chat text, voice communications, IP addresses and your personal information) may be accessed and monitored as necessary to provide the Services and may be disclosed: (i) when We have a good faith belief that We are required to disclose the information in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena); (ii) to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations (iii) where We believe that the Services is being used in the commission of a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; (iv) when We have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person or the public generally; and (v) in order to protect the rights or property of Your Story Interactive, including to enforce our Terms. By entering into these Terms, you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring, access and disclosure.
h) You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Services and any other parties with whom you interact through the Services and/or games. Your Story Interactive reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes.
i) If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release Us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes, including damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use or data. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Â§1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."
11. ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD
In order to access and use certain content, features, functionality and/or Services, we shall require you to register for the Services and have a unique username and password combination (collectively, a "User ID"). If you elect to become a registered User of the Services, you are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your User ID, and you shall be responsible for any access to or use of the Services by you or any person or entity using your User ID, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you or on your behalf, and whether or not such person or entity is your employee or agent. You agree to (a) immediately notify Us of any unauthorized use of your User ID or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you log off from your account at the end of each session. It is your sole responsibility to (i) control the dissemination and use of your User ID, (ii) control access to your account, and (iii) cancel your account for the Services. We reserve the right to deny access, use and registration privileges to any User of the Services if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access any account or element of the Services. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.
12. ORDERS AND PURCHASES FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Within the Services and by virtue of your use thereof, you may purchase, with "real world" money, a license to use Virtual Items and or other goods or services. Purchases or redemptions of third party virtual currency to acquire a license to use virtual items are non-refundable.
You can license Virtual Items by visiting the purchase page in one of our games, providing your billing information, confirming the particulars of your purchase and re-affirming your agreement to these Terms. When you purchase a license to Virtual Items from our Services, We may send you a confirmatory e-mail that will contain details of the items you have ordered. Please check that the details in the confirmatory e-mail are correct as soon as possible and maintain a copy of it for your records. Your Story Interactive keeps records of transactions in order to deal with any subsequent queries. If you purchase third party virtual currency, you are agreeing to such third party's Payment Terms and agree that Your Story Interactive is not a party to the transaction.
For Virtual Items, your order will represent an offer to us to purchase a license for the relevant Services which will be accepted by us when We make the Virtual Items available in your account for you to use in our games or debit your credit card or account, whichever comes first.
Your license to Virtual Items for use in Our games is a service provided by Us that commences upon acceptance by Your Story Interactive of your purchase or redemption of third party virtual currency. By ordering a license to use Virtual Items you agree and accept that Your Story Interactive will provide it to you promptly following completion of your purchase. If you reside in the European Union and you purchase a product or service from Your Story Interactive, you may have the right to withdraw from a purchase within seven calendar days, commencing on the day after the date of purchase (the "Cooling Off Period"). However, you lose your right of withdrawal if the performance of the Services begins before the end of the Cooling Off Period. Accordingly, please note that if you purchase a license to use Virtual Items from Us, your right of withdrawal is lost as the performance of our Services begins promptly once your purchase is completed.
You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using a User account registered to you. Your Story Interactive may revise the pricing for the goods and services it licenses to you through the Service at any time. You acknowledge that Your Story Interactive is not required to provide a refund for any reason, and that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused virtual items when an account is closed, whether such closure was voluntary or involuntary.
13. ADVERTISMENTS
From time to time, you may choose to communicate with, interact with, or obtain goods and services of or from third parties such as our advertisers, sponsors, or promotional partners (collectively, the "Advertisers") found on or through the Services or a hyperlinked website. All such communication, interaction and participation is strictly and solely between you and such Advertisers and we shall not be responsible or liable to you in any way in connection with these activities or transactions (including, without limitation, any representations, warranties, covenants, contracts or other terms or conditions that may exist between you and the Advertisers or any goods or services you may purchase or obtain from any Advertiser). Please review the terms of service and privacy policies of such advertisers.
14. HYPERLINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The appearance, availability, or your use of URLs or hyperlinks referenced or included anywhere on the Services or any other form of link or re-direction of your connection to, with or through the Services, does not constitute an endorsement by, nor does it incur any obligation, responsibility or liability on the part of Your Story Interactive, its successors and assigns, directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents, licensors, Advertisers, suppliers or operational service providers. We do not verify, endorse, or have any responsibility for any such third party websites, their business practices (including, without limitation, their privacy policies), or any goods or services associated with or obtained in connection with any such site, whether the Services' or Your Story Interactive's logo and/or sponsorship identification is on the third party website as part of a co-branding or promotional arrangement. If any third party website you interact with obtains or collects Personal Information from you, in no event shall we assume or have any responsibility or liability for their disclosure of your Personal Information. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that you visit.
15. DIGITAL MILLENIUM COPYRIGHT ACT
a) If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content on the Services infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing our Designated Agent (as set forth below) with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3) for further details):
• A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the Services are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works on the Services;
• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
• Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if applicable, e-mail address;
• A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Written notification of claimed infringement must be submitted to the following Designated Agent:
• Your Story Interactive Copyright Agent
• Your Story Interactive SRL
• Viilor 32, Dubasarii Vechi, 4822, Moldova
• privacy@yourstoryinteractive.com
For clarity, only DMCA notices should be sent to the Designated Agent and any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to Our customer service. You acknowledge and agree that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section, your DMCA notice may not be valid.
b) We reserve the right to remove any and all content that we reasonably perceive to infringe another's copyrights. However, if you believe that your content which was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to applicable law, to make such content available to Us for use on the Services, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to our Copyright Agent:
• Your physical or electronic signature;
• Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
• A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
• Your name, address, telephone number, and, if applicable, e-mail address, and a statement that you shall accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by our Copyright Agent, We may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider or the User, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Our sole discretion.
c) Please note that you may be liable for damages (including attorneys' fees and other costs) if you materially misrepresent a claim that content is infringing upon your copyright. Thus, if you are not sure if material available on the Services infringes your copyright (it may be protected under exceptions to the copyright law, like fair use), we suggest that you contact legal counsel before submitting any claim. We do not and cannot provide any legal guidance regarding the merits of any copyright-related claim or dispute.
16. ASSIGNMENT
These Terms of Use, and any rights, licenses and privileges granted herein, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned or transferred by Your Story Interactive without restriction and without notice to you.
17. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Your Story Interactive, its successors and assigns, directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents, licensors, Advertisers, suppliers and operational service providers harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) (collectively, "Claims"), arising in any way out of or in connection with (a) your use of the Services, (b) your breach or violation these Terms or (c) your User Postings. Your Story Interactive reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with Our defense of such Claim.
18. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
a) The services, and all content, products, services and user postings are made available on an "as is" and "as available" basis, without any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and noninfringement, or any guaranty or assurance the services will be available for use, or that all products, features, functions, services or operations will be available or perform as described.
b) Without limiting the foregoing, we are not responsible or liable for any malicious code, delays, inaccuracies, errors, or omissions arising out of your use of the services. You understand, acknowledge and agree that you are assuming the entire risk as to the quality, accuracy, performance, timeliness, adequacy, completeness, correctness, authenticity, security and validity of any and all features and functions of the services, including, without limitation, user postings and content associated with your use of the services.
c) You understand and agree that, to the fullest extent permissible by law, Your Story Interactive its successors and assigns, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, licensors, operational service providers, advertisers and suppliers, shall not be liable for any loss or damage, of any kind, direct or indirect, in connection with or arising from use of the services or from these terms of use, including, without limitation, compensatory, consequential, incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages.
d) You further understand and acknowledge the capacity of the services, in the aggregate and for each user, is limited. Consequently, some messages and transmissions, including, without limitation, user postings, may not be processed in a timely fashion or at all, and some features or functions may be restricted or delayed or become completely inoperable. As a result, you acknowledge and agree that Your Story Interactive assume no liability, responsibility or obligation to transmit, process, store, receive or deliver transactions or user postings or for any failure or delay associated with any user postings and you are hereby expressly advised not to rely upon the timeliness or performance of the services for any transactions or user postings. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion of certain warranties or certain limitations on damages and remedies, accordingly some of the exclusions and limitations described in these terms of use may not apply to you.
19. MISCELLANEOUS
a) These Term, together with any additional terms, rules, our Privacy Policy, and any other regulations, procedures and policies which we refer to and which are hereby incorporated by reference, contain the entire understanding and agreement between you and Your Story Interactive concerning the Services and supersedes any and all prior or inconsistent understandings relating to the Services and your use thereof. These Terms of Use cannot be changed or terminated orally. If any provision of these Terms is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, this shall not affect any other provisions and these Terms shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to make it legal, valid and enforceable. Any provision which must survive in order to allow us to enforce its meaning shall survive the termination of these Terms; however, no action arising out of these Terms or your use of the Services, regardless of form or the basis of the claim, may be brought by you more than one year after the cause of action has arisen (or if multiple causes, from the date the first such cause arose).
b) This Agreement does not create any relationship of principal and agent, partners, joint venturers, employer and employee, fiduciary or similar relationship between the parties. you are prohibited from making any promise, warranty or representation on behalf of Your Story Interactive or obligating Your Story Interactive in any way. You may not represent to any person that you are the agent of Your Story Interactive, or are authorized to act on its behalf.
c) The waiver or failure by Your Story Interactive to exercise any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further right hereunder. The rights and remedies of Your Story Interactive set forth in this Agreement are cumulative and are in addition to any rights or remedies Your Story Interactive may otherwise have at law or equity, except with respect to any sole and exclusive remedies expressly provided for herein.
d) You acknowledge and agree that any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement may cause immediate and irreparable harm to Your Story Interactive which would not be adequately compensated by monetary damages and that Your Story Interactive may seek injunctive relief, specific performance, and/or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach or anticipated breach without the necessity of posting a bond or other security.
e) Neither You nor Your Story Interactive shall not be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war and terrorism, embargoes, boycotts, changes in governmental regulations, epidemics, fire, communication line failures, power failures, earthquakes, other disasters or any other reason where failure to perform is beyond the control of, and not caused by, the non-performing party.
f) These Terms and your use of the Services is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of California (notwithstanding the State's conflict of laws provisions) applicable to contracts made, executed and wholly performed in California, and, for the purposes of any and all legal or equitable actions, you specifically agree and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the State and Federal Courts situated in the State of California and County of San Francisco and agree you shall not object to such jurisdiction or venue on the grounds of lack of personal jurisdiction, forum non convenience or otherwise. In any action or proceeding commenced to enforce any right or obligation of the parties under this agreement, your use of the services or with respect to the subject matter hereof, you hereby waive any right you may now have or hereafter possess to a trial by jury.
g) This Agreement is in English and all disputes between the parties shall be resolved in English. You understand and acknowledge that any foreign language services provided by Your Story Interactive are for informational purposes only and it is Your obligation to obtain independent legal advice at Your own expense to ensure You understand the terms of this Agreement.
h) These Terms of Use were last modified on the date indicated above and are effective immediately.
The section headings are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.
Copyright © 2025 Your Story Interactive SRL.