Popular Searches
H50 Zoom
ULED 4K TV U7G
Laser TV Series
About Hisense
TV Selection Guide
Suggested Searches
Related Links
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Hisense International Co., Ltd. (with its official address at No.17, Donghai Xi Road, Qingdao, P.R.C.) and its affiliates (collectively called "Hisense", "we" or "us" or “our”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from you of this website (“Website”). This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2020.
Hisense maintains privacy policies to safeguard personal identifiable information and communications from unauthorized intrusions.   By "personal identifiable information", we mean any personal information that identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and information about activities (online or otherwise) that is directly linked to your information.
How and why Hisense collects and shares your information
Our online contact forms will ask for limited personal information to ensure we are able to complete your request and respond accordingly.   Any information collected from these forms will only be used when Hisense replies your request, or uses agents and service providers (such as contractors or third party companies) to perform services on Hisense’s behalf, or provides your information to Hisense’s retailers or after-sales service partners, We will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the contractors and third party companies protects your personal information in a manner consistent with this Policy.
You may tell us how you would like to be contacted in connection with information you provided to us via our online contact services.    If you notify Hisense that you do not want us to use, modify or delete any of your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, we will honor your request. However, if you then later provide additional personal information to this Website or otherwise respond to one of Hisense’s online inquiries, we will assume that you have changed your decision with respect to Hisense’s use, modification or deletion of your information, and Hisense may contact you as described therein. You may, at any time, notify us that you do not want to be contacted by Hisense.
Hisense will use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that your e-mail will be kept private. Hisense will not disclose to those parties not affiliated with Hisense, private e-mail communications that are transmitted using Hisense services, except as required to operate the service, or to reply your request, or as otherwise required by law.
Hisense will respond to improper conduct. Hisense may use personal information to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity or activity that threatens us or otherwise violates the customer agreements for any products or services that Hisense provides.
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any particular individual regarding visitors and users with our business partners for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Website or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
We may use cookies combined with anonymous user data (and personal data if you provide it) to track user movement and behavior within and across this Website and products. We may use this information to help us, or our authorized agents, service providers, retailers and marketing partners, to offer to you products and services that may better serve your needs, and to perform website and/or user analytics. We may supply this information to a third party services or analytics providers to perform the services or analysis for us and to provide the results to us under the terms of a contract that requires the third party services or analytics provider follow all applicable laws and regulations. We use the information and the analytic results to improve this Website and products, the user's experience, and to provide you with content and services that better meet your needs.
Changes in practices
Hisense will keep its privacy policy current, and will make every effort to promptly update this web page every time there is a change to this policy. Additional privacy protections for children using the internet
Hisense recognizes that children, including young teenagers, may not be able to make informed choices about personal information requested online. Accordingly, Hisense does not knowingly target children or teenagers (younger than eighteen years of age) for collection of information online.  Hisense does not solicit or collect personal identifiable information from children and teenagers according to the applicable laws and regulations and does not allow anyone else to do so.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Warranties and Limitations of Liability information and documents provided on this Website are provided "as is" without any warranty. Hisense makes reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this Website; it does not, however, make any representations as to its accuracy or completeness. Your use of this Website is at your own risk. Hisense, its suppliers, distributors, authorized agents, service providers, retailers and marketing partners and the other parties involved in creating and delivering the contents of this Website, are not liable for any damages arising from your use of this Website.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
The materials displayed on this Website, including but not limited to all text, audio, video, images, photographs, illustrations, artwork, animation files and other graphics, and names, logos, trademarks and service marks, are property of Hisense or its licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. This Website may be displayed, downloaded and/or printed solely for your personal, non-commercial home use, provided that you do not delete or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices. Any other use of the material on this Website without the prior written consent of Hisense is strictly prohibited.
PRODUCT INFORMATION
Product information and photography featured within this Website were as accurate as possible at the time of publication. Subsequent refinements may be evident in the actual product. Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. Selected accessory items or props shown in the photographs are not part of the product unless specified. Warranty validation and terms vary by product, country and period.
LINKED WEBSITES
This Website may contain hypertext links to other completely independent web sites. Hisense makes no warranty or representation as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of information contained in any hypertext link. The existence of such a link cannot be construed as direct or indirect approval, endorsement or sponsorship of or affiliation with the linked site on the part of Hisense. Please be aware and acknowledge that your use of this Website to link to other sites is at your own risk. You, as visitor to this Website, acknowledge and agree that Hisense has no obligation to review any sites linked to this Website and is not responsible in any way for the content of any linked sites. These websites, links and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interacting with any other website, including websites which have a link to this Website, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Hisense reserves the right to modify the information contained on this Website at any time without notice. While Hisense makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that all material on this Website is correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed and Hisense does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of any information contained on this Website. This Website and all information and materials contained herein, is provided to you "as is" without any warranty of any kind.
NO OFFER TO SELL
The information contained in this Website is for information purposes only and in no way constitutes an offer to buy or sell Hisense products. The purchase of any Hisense product shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable sale or retail contract. This Website shall not be used or relied upon by you as a substitute for information that is available to you from an authorized Hisense retailer.
USE THIS WEBSITE AT YOUR OWN RISK
Entry into this Website is at your own risk. By entering this Website and/or submitting our online forms, you acknowledge and agree to be bound by all of the legal terms outlined in this Privacy Policy as well as by all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not use this Website. Hisense reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. By using this Website, you agree in advance to be bound by all terms and conditions, including this Privacy Policy. Hisense and the parties involved in creating, producing or delivering this Website are not liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive or any other type of damages, losses, costs or expenses (including but not limited to legal and expert fees) which may arise either as a result of accessing or the inability to access this Website. This includes, without limitation, liability for damages or injuries resulting from browsing this Website, downloading any materials from it, or from such causes as computer viruses, software or hardware malfunctions, or any other errors, problems, failures or delays in computer operation in general or in network transmission.
YOUR RIGHTS AS DATA SUBJECT
Subject to the data protection law and other applicable law, you may have a number of rights, including: the right not to provide your personal data to us; the right of access to your personal data; the right to request rectification of inaccuracies; the right to request the erasure, or restriction of processing, of your personal data; the right to object to the processing of your personal data; the right to withdraw consent or limit the use and disclosure of your data; and the right to lodge complaints with data protection authorities.
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Privacy Policy, or about our processing of your personal data, please use the contact details provided below. Please note that in some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights; and where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g., a determination of whether any Processing is non-compliant with applicable law) we will investigate your request reasonably promptly, before taking any action.
CONSENT
By using this Website, filling-in our contact forms or when deciding to participate in a survey, contest or activity organized by us, you agree to the processing of your personal data as described herein and in the specific form where you provide your personal data.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at
http://global.hisense.com/support/contact-us
.
If you have any questions or comments regarding your this privacy policy, please contact us at
VERDATA Datenschutz GmbH & Co. KG
Roemerstr. 12
D – 40476 Duesseldorf
Email:
hisense.representative@verdata.de
POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ
Cette politique de confidentialité régit la manière dont Hisense International Co., Ltd. (avec son adresse officielle au n ° 17, Donghai Xi Road, Qingdao, RPC) et ses sociétés affiliées (collectivement appelées "Hisense", "nous" ou "nous" ou «notre») recueille, utilise, conserve et divulgue les informations recueillies auprès de vous sur ce site Web («Site Web»). Cette politique de confidentialité entre en vigueur le 1er janvier 2020.
Hisense maintient des politiques de confidentialité pour protéger les informations et communications personnelles identifiables contre les intrusions non autorisées. Par « informations personnelles identifiables », nous entendons toutes les informations personnelles qui vous identifient, telles que votre nom, votre adresse, votre numéro de téléphone, votre adresse e-mail et les informations sur les activités (en ligne ou autrement) qui sont directement liées à vos informations.
COMMENT ET POURQUOI HISENSE COLLECTE ET PARTAGE VOS INFORMATIONS
Nos formulaires de contact en ligne vous demanderont des informations personnelles limitées pour nous assurer que nous sommes en mesure de répondre à votre demande et de répondre en conséquence. Toutes les informations collectées à partir de ces formulaires ne seront utilisées que lorsque Hisense répond à votre demande, ou utilise des agents et des prestataires de services (tels que des sous-traitants ou des sociétés tierces) pour fournir des services au nom de Hisense, ou fournit vos informations aux détaillants ou au service après-vente de Hisense. partenaires, nous déploierons des efforts commercialement raisonnables pour nous assurer que les sous-traitants et les sociétés tierces protègent vos informations personnelles d'une manière conforme à la présente politique.
Vous pouvez nous dire comment vous souhaitez être contacté en relation avec les informations que vous nous avez fournies via nos services de contact en ligne. Si vous informez Hisense que vous ne souhaitez pas que nous utilisions, modifions ou supprimions vos informations de la manière décrite dans la présente politique de confidentialité, nous honorerons votre demande. Cependant, si vous fournissez par la suite des informations personnelles supplémentaires à ce site Web ou répondez à l'une des demandes en ligne de Hisense, nous supposerons que vous avez changé votre décision concernant l'utilisation, la modification ou la suppression de vos informations par Hisense, et Hisense peut vous contacter. comme décrit ici. Vous pouvez, à tout moment, nous informer que vous ne souhaitez pas être contacté par Hisense.
Hisense utilisera des efforts commercialement raisonnables pour s’assurer que votre e-mail sera gardé privé. Hisense ne divulguera pas aux parties non affiliées à Hisense, communications par e-mail privées qui sont transmises à l’aide des services Hisense, sauf si nécessaire pour exploiter le service, ou pour répondre à votre demande, ou comme l’exige la loi.
Hisense répondra à une conduite inappropriée. Hisense peut utiliser des renseignements personnels pour enquêter et aider à prévenir les activités ou les activités potentiellement illégales qui nous menacent ou violent d’une autre manière les accords clients pour tous les produits ou services que Hisense fournit.
Nous ne vendons, n'échangeons ni ne louons vos informations personnelles à des tiers. Nous pouvons partager des informations démographiques agrégées génériques non liées à une personne particulière concernant les visiteurs et les utilisateurs avec nos partenaires commerciaux aux fins décrites ci-dessus. Nous pouvons utiliser des prestataires de services tierces pour nous aider à gérer nos activités et le site Web ou à gérer des activités en notre nom, telles que l'envoi de sondages. Nous pouvons partager vos informations avec ces tierces à ces fins limitées à condition que vous nous ayez donné votre autorisation.
Nous pouvons utiliser des cookies combinés avec des données d'utilisateur anonymes (et des données personnelles si vous les fournissez) pour suivre les mouvements et les comportements des utilisateurs à l'intérieur et à travers ce site Web et ces produits. Nous pouvons utiliser ces informations pour nous aider, nous ou nos agents autorisés, prestataires de services, détaillants et partenaires marketing, à vous offrir des produits et services qui peuvent mieux répondre à vos besoins et à effectuer des analyses de site Web et / ou d'utilisateurs. Nous pouvons fournir ces informations à une tierce personne pour effectuer les services ou l'analyse pour nous et pour nous fournir les résultats en vertu d'un contrat qui requiert que le tierce fournisseur de services ou d'analyse respecte toutes les lois et réglementations applicables. Nous utilisons les informations et les résultats analytiques pour améliorer ce site Web et ses produits, l'expérience de l'utilisateur et pour vous fournir un contenu et des services qui répondent mieux à vos besoins.
CHANGEMENTS DANS LA PRATIQUE
Hisense maintiendra sa politique de confidentialité à jour et fera tout son possible pour mettre à jour rapidement cette page Web chaque fois qu’il y a un changement à cette politique.
PROTECTIONS DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ SUPPLÉMENTAIRES POUR LES ENFANTS UTILISANT L’INTERNET
Hisense reconnaît que les enfants, y compris les jeunes adolescents, peuvent ne pas être en mesure de faire des choix éclairés concernant les informations personnelles demandées en ligne. En conséquence, Hisense ne cible pas sciemment les enfants ou les adolescents (de moins de dix-huit ans) pour la collecte d'informations en ligne. Hisense ne sollicite ni ne collecte d'informations personnelles identifiables auprès d'enfants et d'adolescents conformément aux lois et réglementations applicables et ne permet à personne d'autre de le faire.
REPRÉSENTATIONS ET GARANTIES
Les garanties et limitations de responsabilité des informations et documents fournis sur ce site Web sont fournis "tels quel" sans aucune garantie. Hisense fait des efforts raisonnables pour inclure des informations exactes et à jour sur ce site Web; cependant, il ne fait aucune représentation quant à son exactitude ou son exhaustivité. Votre utilisation de ce site Web est à vos propres risques. Hisense, ses fournisseurs, distributeurs, agents autorisés, prestataires de services, détaillants et partenaires marketing et les autres parties impliquées dans la création et la livraison du contenu de ce site Web, ne sont pas responsables des dommages résultant de votre utilisation de ce site Web.
DROITS DE PROPRIÉTÉ INTELLECTUELLE
Les documents affichés sur ce site, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter, tous les textes, audio, vidéo, images, photographies, illustrations, illustrations, fichiers d’animation et autres graphiques, ainsi que les noms, logos, marques et marques de service, sont la propriété d’Hisense ou de ses concédants de licence, et sont protégés par le droit d’auteur, les marques de commerce et d’autres lois sur la propriété intellectuelle. Ce site Web peut être affiché, téléchargé et/ou imprimé uniquement pour votre utilisation personnelle et non commerciale à domicile, à condition que vous ne supprimez ou ne modifiez aucun droit d’auteur, marque ou autre avis exclusif. Toute autre utilisation du matériel sur ce site Sans le consentement écrit préalable d’Hisense est strictement interdite.
INFORMATIONS SUR LES PRODUITS
Les informations sur les produits et les photographies figurant sur ce site Web étaient aussi précises que possible au moment de la publication. Des améliorations ultérieures peuvent être évidentes dans le produit réel. Les prix et conditions peuvent changer sans préavis. Les accessoires sélectionnés ou supports illustrés sur les photos ne font pas partie du produit, sauf indication contraire. La validation et les conditions de la garantie varient selon le produit, le pays et la période.
SITES WEB LIÉS
Ce site Web peut contenir des liens hypertextes vers d'autres sites Web complètement indépendants. Hisense ne fait aucune garantie ni représentation quant à l'exactitude, l'exhaustivité ou l'authenticité des informations contenues dans un lien hypertexte. L'existence d'un tel lien ne peut être interprétée comme une approbation directe ou indirecte, un contrat publicitaire ou un parrainage ou une affiliation au site de la part de Hisense. Veuillez être conscient et reconnaître que votre utilisation de ce site Web pour créer des liens vers d'autres sites est à vos propres risques. En tant que visiteur de ce site Web, vous reconnaissez et acceptez que Hisense n'a aucune obligation d'examiner les sites liés à ce site Web et n'est en aucun cas responsable du contenu des sites liés. Ces sites Web, liens et services peuvent avoir leurs propres politiques de confidentialité et politiques de service client. La navigation et l'interaction avec tout autre site Web, y compris les sites Web qui ont un lien vers ce site Web, sont soumises aux propres conditions et politiques de ce site Web.
Hisense se réserve le droit de modifier à tout moment et sans préavis les informations contenues sur ce site Web. Bien que Hisense fasse tous les efforts raisonnables pour s'assurer que tout le matériel sur ce site Web est correct, l'exactitude ne peut être garantie et Hisense n'assume aucune responsabilité pour l'exactitude, l'exhaustivité ou l'authenticité de toute information contenue sur ce site Web. Ce site Web et toutes les informations et documents contenus dans ce document vous sont fournis "tels quels" sans aucune garantie d'aucune sorte.
PAS D’OFFRE DE VENTE
Les informations contenues dans ce site Web sont à titre informatif uniquement et ne constituent en aucun cas une offre d'achat ou de vente de produits Hisense. L'achat de tout produit Hisense sera soumis aux termes et conditions du contrat de vente ou de vente au détail applicable. Ce site Web ne doit pas être utilisé ou utilisé par vous comme un substitut aux informations qui sont à votre disposition auprès d'un détaillant Hisense autorisé.
UTILISEZ CE SITE WEB À VOS PROPRES RISQUES
L'accès à ce site Web se fait à vos propres risques. En accédant à ce site Web et / ou en soumettant nos formulaires en ligne, vous reconnaissez et acceptez d'être lié par toutes les conditions juridiques décrites dans la présente politique de confidentialité ainsi que par toutes les lois et réglementations applicables. Si vous n'acceptez pas ces conditions, vous ne devez pas utiliser ce site Web. Hisense se réserve le droit de modifier cette politique de confidentialité à tout moment et sans préavis. En utilisant ce site Web, vous acceptez à l'avance d'être lié par tous les termes et conditions, y compris la présente politique de confidentialité. Hisense et les parties impliquées dans la création, la production ou la livraison de ce site Web ne sont pas responsables des dommages directs, indirects, consécutifs, accessoires, punitifs ou de tout autre type de dommages, pertes, coûts ou dépenses (y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, les frais juridiques et d'expertise) qui peut survenir à la suite de l'accès ou de l'impossibilité d'accéder à ce site Web. Cela inclut, sans limitation, la responsabilité pour les dommages ou blessures résultant de la navigation sur ce site Web, du téléchargement de tout matériel à partir de celui-ci, ou de causes telles que des virus informatiques, des dysfonctionnements logiciels ou matériels, ou toute autre erreur, problème, panne ou retard dans le fonctionnement de l'ordinateur en général ou en transmission réseau.
VOS DROITS EN TANT QUE SUJET DE DONNÉES
Sous réserve de la loi sur la protection des données et d’autres lois applicables, vous pouvez avoir un certain nombre de droits, y compris : le droit de ne pas nous fournir vos données personnelles; le droit d’accès à vos données personnelles; le droit de demander la rectification des inexactitudes; le droit de demander l’effacement ou la restriction du traitement de vos données personnelles; le droit de s’opposer au traitement de vos données personnelles; le droit de retirer son consentement ou de limiter l’utilisation et la divulgation de vos données; et le droit de porter plainte auprès des autorités chargées de la protection des données.
Pour exercer un ou plusieurs de ces droits, ou poser une question sur ces droits ou toute autre disposition de cette politique de confidentialité, ou sur notre traitement de vos données personnelles, veuillez utiliser les coordonnées fournies ci-dessous. Veuillez noter que, dans certains cas, il sera nécessaire de fournir une preuve de votre identité avant que nous puissions donner effet à ces droits; et lorsque votre demande exige l’établissement de faits supplémentaires (par exemple, la détermination de la non-conformité à un traitement par la loi applicable), nous examinerons votre demande raisonnablement rapidement, avant de prendre des mesures.
CONSENTEMENT
En utilisant ce site Web, en remplissant nos formulaires de contact ou lorsque vous décidez de participer à un sondage, un concours ou une activité organisé par nous, vous acceptez le traitement de vos données personnelles telles qu’elles sont décrites dans les présentes et sous la forme spécifique où vous fournissez vos données personnelles.
CONTACTEZ-NOUS
Si vous avez des questions ou des commentaires concernant cette politique de confidentialité, veuillez nous contacter à
http://global.hisense.com/support/contact-us
.
Si vous résidez dans l’Union européenne, veuillez adresser vos questions concernant la protection des données à notre représentant de l’UE comme suit :
Représentant de l’UE:
VERDATA Datenschutz GmbH - Co. KG
C’est Roemerstr. 12
D - 40476 Duesseldorf
Courriel :
hisense.representative@verdata.de
Si vous résidez dans un pays en dehors de l’Union européenne, veuillez nous contacter avec toutes les questions que vous pourriez avoir concernant votre protection des données à
gjyxinfo@hisense.com
pour les produits de télévision intelligente, ou à
sys_support001@hisense.com
pour des produits climatiseurs intelligents et déshumidificateurs intelligents.
Restez à jour avec les e-mails Hisense sur les nouveaux produits et d’autres nouvelles
DATENSCHUTZERKLÄRUNG
Diese Datenschutzerklärung regelt die Art und Weise, in der Hisense International Co. (mit der offiziellen Adresse No.17, Donghai Xi Road, Qingdao, P.R.C.) und ihre Tochtergesellschaften (gemeinsam als „Hisense“, „wir“ oder „uns“ oder „unser“ bezeichnet) Informationen, die über diese Website („Website“) von Ihnen gesammelt wurden, sammeln, verwenden, pflegen und offenlegen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt ab dem 1. Januar 2020.
Hisense unterhält Datenschutzerklärungen, um persönlich identifizierbare Informationen und Kommunikationen vor unautorisiertem Eindringen zu schützen. Unter „personenbezogene Daten“ verstehen wir alle persönlichen Daten, die Sie identifizieren, wie z. B. Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse und Informationen über Aktivitäten (online oder anderweitig), die direkt mit Ihren Daten verknüpft sind.
WIE UND WARUM HISENSE IHRE INFORMATIONEN SAMMELT UND WEITERGIBT
In unseren Online-Kontaktformularen werden in begrenztem Umfang persönliche Daten abgefragt, um sicherzustellen, dass wir in der Lage sind, Ihre Anfrage zu vervollständigen und entsprechend zu beantworten. Jegliche Informationen, die über diese Formulare gesammelt werden, werden nur dann verwendet, wenn Hisense Ihre Anfrage beantwortet oder Agenten und Dienstleistungsanbieter (wie Auftragnehmer oder Drittfirmen) einsetzt, um Dienstleistungen im Namen von Hisense zu erbringen, oder Ihre Informationen den Einzelhändlern oder Kundendienstpartnern von Hisense zur Verfügung stellt. Wir werden wirtschaftlich angemessene Anstrengungen unternehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass die Auftragnehmer und Drittfirmen Ihre persönlichen Daten in einer Weise schützen, die mit dieser Erklärung übereinstimmt.
Sie können uns mitteilen, wie Sie im Zusammenhang mit Informationen, die Sie uns über unsere Online-Kontaktdienste zur Verfügung gestellt haben, kontaktiert werden möchten. Wenn Sie Hisense benachrichtigen, dass Sie nicht möchten, dass wir Ihre Informationen in der in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Weise verwenden, ändern oder löschen, werden wir Ihrer Bitte nachkommen. Wenn Sie jedoch später auf dieser Website zusätzliche persönliche Informationen zur Verfügung stellen oder anderweitig auf eine der Online-Anfragen von Hisense antworten, gehen wir davon aus, dass Sie Ihre Entscheidung bezüglich der Nutzung, Änderung oder Löschung Ihrer Informationen durch Hisense geändert haben, und Hisense kann Sie wie dort beschrieben kontaktieren. Sie können uns jederzeit mitteilen, dass Sie nicht von Hisense kontaktiert werden möchten.
Hisense wird kommerziell angemessene Anstrengungen unternehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre E-Mail privat gehalten wird. Hisense wird private E-Mail-Kommunikationen, die unter Verwendung von Hisense-Diensten übermittelt werden, nicht an Parteien weitergeben, die nicht mit Hisense verbunden sind, es sei denn, dies ist für den Betrieb des Dienstes oder zur Beantwortung Ihrer Anfrage erforderlich oder anderweitig gesetzlich vorgeschrieben.
Hisense wird auf unangemessenes Verhalten reagieren. Hisense kann persönliche Informationen verwenden, um potentiell ungesetzliche Aktivitäten oder Aktivitäten, die uns bedrohen oder anderweitig gegen die Kundenvereinbarungen für Produkte oder Dienstleistungen, die Hisense anbietet, verstoßen, zu untersuchen und zu verhindern.
Wir verkaufen, tauschen oder vermieten Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht an andere. Wir können allgemeine, aggregierte demografische Informationen über Besucher und Benutzer, die nicht an eine bestimmte Person gebunden sind, an unsere Geschäftspartner für die oben genannten Zwecke weitergeben. Wir können Drittanbieter von Dienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen, um uns beim Betrieb unseres Unternehmens und der Website zu unterstützen oder Aktivitäten in unserem Namen zu verwalten, wie z.B. das Versenden von Umfragen. Wir können Ihre Daten für diese eingeschränkten Zwecke an diese Dritten weitergeben, vorausgesetzt, Sie haben uns Ihre Zustimmung gegeben.
Wir können Cookies in Kombination mit anonymen Benutzerdaten (und persönlichen Daten, wenn Sie diese zur Verfügung stellen) verwenden, um die Bewegungen und das Verhalten der Benutzer innerhalb und über diese Website und Produkte hinweg zu verfolgen. Wir können diese Informationen verwenden, um uns oder unseren bevollmächtigten Vertretern, Dienstleistern, Einzelhändlern und Marketingpartnern zu helfen, Ihnen Produkte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten, die Ihren Bedürfnissen besser gerecht werden, und um Website- und/oder Benutzeranalysen durchzuführen. Wir können diese Informationen an einen Drittanbieter von Dienstleistungen oder Analytikanbietern weitergeben, um die Dienstleistungen oder Analysen für uns durchzuführen und uns die Ergebnisse im Rahmen eines Vertrags zur Verfügung zu stellen, der den Drittanbieter von Dienstleistungen oder Analytikanbietern zur Einhaltung aller geltenden Gesetze und Vorschriften verpflichtet. Wir verwenden die Informationen und die Analyseergebnisse, um diese Website und die Produkte sowie die Benutzererfahrung zu verbessern und um Ihnen Inhalte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten, die Ihren Bedürfnissen besser entsprechen.
ÄNDERUNGEN IN DER PRAXIS
Hisense wird seine Datenschutzerklärung auf dem neuesten Stand halten und alle Anstrengungen unternehmen, diese Webseite bei jeder Änderung dieser Politik umgehend zu aktualisieren.
ZUSÄTZLICHER SCHUTZ DER PRIVATSPHÄRE VON KINDERN, DIE DAS INTERNET BENUTZEN
Hisense ist sich bewusst, dass Kinder, einschließlich junger Teenager, möglicherweise nicht in der Lage sind, informierte Entscheidungen über online angeforderte persönliche Informationen zu treffen. Dementsprechend zielt Hisense nicht wissentlich auf Kinder oder Jugendliche (jünger als achtzehn Jahre) ab, um Informationen online zu sammeln. Hisense erbittet oder sammelt keine persönlichen, identifizierbaren Daten von Kindern und Jugendlichen gemäß den geltenden Gesetzen und Vorschriften und erlaubt es auch niemand anderem, dies zu tun.
ZUSICHERUNGEN UND GEWÄHRLEISTUNGEN
Garantien und Haftungsbeschränkungen Informationen und Dokumente, die auf dieser Website zur Verfügung gestellt werden, werden „wie besehen“ und ohne jegliche Garantie zur Verfügung gestellt. Hisense unternimmt angemessene Anstrengungen, um genaue und aktuelle Informationen auf dieser Website zu veröffentlichen; sie macht jedoch keine Zusicherungen hinsichtlich ihrer Genauigkeit oder Vollständigkeit. Die Nutzung dieser Website erfolgt auf Ihr eigenes Risiko. Hisense, seine Lieferanten, Distributoren, bevollmächtigten Vertreter, Dienstleister, Einzelhändler und Marketingpartner und die anderen Parteien, die an der Erstellung und Lieferung der Inhalte dieser Website beteiligt sind, sind nicht haftbar für Schäden, die aus der Nutzung dieser Website entstehen.
GEISTIGE EIGENTUMSRECHTE
Die auf dieser Website dargestellten Materialien, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf alle Texte, Audio- und Videodateien, Bilder, Fotografien, Illustrationen, Kunstwerke, Animationsdateien und andere Grafiken sowie Namen, Logos, Warenzeichen und Dienstleistungsmarken sind Eigentum von Hisense oder seinen Lizenzgebern und sind durch Urheberrecht, Warenzeichen und andere Gesetze zum Schutz des geistigen Eigentums geschützt. Diese Website darf ausschließlich für Ihren persönlichen, nicht-kommerziellen Heimgebrauch angezeigt, heruntergeladen und/oder ausgedruckt werden, vorausgesetzt, dass Sie keine Urheberrechts-, Marken- oder andere Eigentumshinweise löschen oder ändern. Jede andere Verwendung des Materials auf dieser Website ohne die vorherige schriftliche Zustimmung von Hisense ist strengstens verboten.
INFORMATIONEN ZUM PRODUKT
Die auf dieser Website enthaltenen Produktinformationen und Fotos waren zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung so genau wie möglich. Spätere Verfeinerungen können im eigentlichen Produkt sichtbar werden. Preise und Spezifikationen können ohne Vorankündigung geändert werden. Ausgewählte Zubehörteile oder Requisiten, die auf den Fotografien gezeigt werden, sind nicht Teil des Produkts, es sei denn, dies ist angegeben. Garantievalidierung und Garantiebedingungen variieren je nach Produkt, Land und Zeitraum.
VERLINKTE WEBSITES
Diese Website kann Hypertext-Links zu anderen völlig unabhängigen Websites enthalten. Hisense gibt keine Garantie oder Zusicherung in Bezug auf die Genauigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Authentizität der in einem Hypertext-Link enthaltenen Informationen. Das Vorhandensein eines solchen Links kann nicht als direkte oder indirekte Billigung, Befürwortung oder Unterstützung der verlinkten Seite durch Hisense oder als Zugehörigkeit zu dieser Seite ausgelegt werden. Bitte seien Sie sich bewusst und erkennen Sie an, dass die Nutzung dieser Website für Links zu anderen Websites auf Ihr eigenes Risiko erfolgt. Sie, als Besucher dieser Website, erkennen an und stimmen zu, dass Hisense keine Verpflichtung hat, mit dieser Website verlinkte Seiten zu überprüfen und in keiner Weise für den Inhalt der verlinkten Seiten verantwortlich ist. Diese Websites, Links und Dienste können ihre eigenen Datenschutzerklärungen und Kundendienstrichtlinien haben. Das Browsen auf und die Interaktion mit anderen Websites, einschließlich Websites, die einen Link zu dieser Website haben, unterliegt den eigenen Bedingungen und Richtlinien dieser Website.
Hisense behält sich das Recht vor, die auf dieser Website enthaltenen Informationen jederzeit und ohne Vorankündigung zu ändern. Obwohl Hisense alle angemessenen Anstrengungen unternimmt, um sicherzustellen, dass das gesamte Material auf dieser Website korrekt ist, kann die Genauigkeit nicht garantiert werden, und Hisense übernimmt keine Verantwortung für die Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Authentizität der auf dieser Website enthaltenen Informationen. Diese Website und alle darin enthaltenen Informationen und Materialien werden Ihnen „wie besehen“ und ohne jegliche Garantie zur Verfügung gestellt.
KEIN VERKAUFSANGEBOT
Die auf dieser Website enthaltenen Informationen dienen nur zu Informationszwecken und stellen in keiner Weise ein Angebot zum Kauf oder Verkauf von Hisense-Produkten dar. Der Kauf eines beliebigen Hisense-Produktes unterliegt den Bestimmungen und Bedingungen des jeweiligen Verkaufs- oder Einzelhandelsvertrages. Diese Website darf von Ihnen nicht als Ersatz für Informationen, die Ihnen von einem autorisierten Hisense-Händler zur Verfügung gestellt werden, verwendet oder als zuverlässig angesehen werden.
DIE NUTZUNG DIESER WEBSITE ERFOLGT AUF EIGENES RISIKO
Das Betreten dieser Website erfolgt auf eigenes Risiko. Durch das Betreten dieser Website und/oder das Absenden unserer Online-Formulare erkennen Sie an und stimmen zu, dass Sie an alle in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegten rechtlichen Bedingungen sowie an alle geltenden Gesetze und Vorschriften gebunden sind. Wenn Sie mit diesen Bedingungen nicht einverstanden sind, sollten Sie diese Website nicht benutzen. Hisense behält sich das Recht vor, diese Datenschutzerklärung jederzeit und ohne vorherige Ankündigung zu ändern. Durch die Nutzung dieser Website erklären Sie sich im Voraus damit einverstanden, an alle Bestimmungen und Bedingungen, einschließlich dieser Datenschutzerklärung, gebunden zu sein. Hisense und die Parteien, die an der Erstellung, Produktion oder Lieferung dieser Website beteiligt sind, haften nicht für direkte, indirekte, Folge-, Neben-, Straf- oder andere Arten von Schäden, Verlusten, Kosten oder Ausgaben (einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf Rechts- und Sachverständigenkosten), die durch den Zugriff oder die Unmöglichkeit des Zugriffs auf diese Website entstehen können. Dies schließt, ohne Einschränkung, die Haftung für Schäden oder Verletzungen ein, die durch das Browsen auf dieser Website, das Herunterladen von Materialien von dieser Website oder durch Ursachen wie Computerviren, Software- oder Hardware-Fehlfunktionen oder andere Fehler, Probleme, Ausfälle oder Verzögerungen beim Computerbetrieb im Allgemeinen oder bei der Netzwerkübertragung entstehen.
IHRE RECHTE ALS DATENSUBJEKT
Vorbehaltlich des Datenschutzgesetzes und anderer anwendbarer Gesetze haben Sie möglicherweise eine Reihe von Rechten, darunter: das Recht, uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht zur Verfügung zu stellen; das Recht auf Zugang zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten; das Recht, die Berichtigung von Ungenauigkeiten zu verlangen; das Recht, die Löschung oder Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen; das Recht, gegen die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten Einspruch zu erheben; das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung zu widerrufen oder die Nutzung und Weitergabe Ihrer Daten einzuschränken; und das Recht, Beschwerden bei Datenschutzbehörden einzureichen.
Um eines oder mehrere dieser Rechte auszuüben oder um eine Frage zu diesen Rechten oder einer anderen Bestimmung dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder zu unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten zu stellen, verwenden Sie bitte die unten angegebenen Kontaktdaten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass es in einigen Fällen notwendig sein wird, Ihre Identität nachzuweisen, bevor wir diesen Rechten Geltung verschaffen können; und wenn Ihre Anfrage die Feststellung zusätzlicher Fakten erfordert (z.B. die Feststellung, ob eine Verarbeitung nicht mit geltendem Recht vereinbar ist), werden wir Ihre Anfrage angemessen umgehend untersuchen, bevor wir Maßnahmen ergreifen.
ZUSTIMMUNG
Durch die Nutzung dieser Website, das Ausfüllen unserer Kontaktformulare oder wenn Sie sich entscheiden, an einer von uns organisierten Umfrage, einem Wettbewerb oder einer Aktivität teilzunehmen, stimmen Sie der Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten, wie hier und in dem speziellen Formular, in dem Sie Ihre persönlichen Daten angeben, beschrieben, zu.
KONTAKT
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Anmerkungen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
http://global.hisense.com/support/contact-us
.
Wenn Sie in der Europäischen Union ansässig sind, richten Sie bitte alle Fragen bezüglich Ihres Datenschutzes wie folgt an unseren EU-Vertreter:
EU-Vertreter:
VERDATA Datenschutz GmbH & Co. KG
Römerstr. 12
D - 40476 Düsseldorf
Email:
hisense.representative@verdata.de
Wenn Sie in einem Land außerhalb der Europäischen Union ansässig sind, wenden Sie sich mit Fragen zum Datenschutz bitte an
gjyxinfo@hisense.com
ür Smart TV-Produkte oder an
sys_support001@hisense.com
für Smart Klimaanlagen und Smart Luftentfeuchterprodukte.
Bleiben Sie auf dem Laufenden mit Hisense
E-Mails über neue Produkte und andere Neuigkeiten
INFORMATICA SULLA PRIVACY
La presente Informativa sulla privacy regola il modo in cui Hisense International Co., Ltd. (indirizzo ufficiale Via Donghai Xi Road n.17, Qingdao, RPC) e le sue affiliate (collettivamente denominate "Hisense", "noi" o “nostro”) raccoglie, utilizza, mantiene e divulga le informazioni raccolte dall'utente su questo sito Web ("Sito Web"). La presente Informativa sulla privacy è in vigore dal 1 ° gennaio 2020.
Hisense mantiene politiche sulla privacy per salvaguardare le informazioni personali identificabili e le comunicazioni da intrusioni non autorizzate. Per "informazioni personali identificabili" intendiamo qualsiasi informazione personale che ti identifica, come il tuo nome, indirizzo, numero di telefono, indirizzo e-mail e informazioni sulle attività (online o di altro tipo) direttamente collegate alle tue informazioni.
COME E PERCHÉ HISENSE RACCOGLIE E CONDIVIDE LE TUE INFORMAZIONI
I nostri moduli di contatto online richiederanno informazioni personali limitate per garantire che siamo in grado di completare la richiesta e rispondere di conseguenza. Tutte le informazioni raccolte da questi moduli verranno utilizzate solo quando Hisense risponde alla tua richiesta o utilizza agenti e fornitori di servizi (come appaltatori o società terze) per eseguire servizi per conto di Hisense o fornire le tue informazioni ai rivenditori o a partner di servizio post-vendita di Hisense. Faremo sforzi commercialmente ragionevoli per garantire che gli appaltatori e le società terze proteggano le vostre informazioni personali in modo coerente con la presente Informativa.
Puoi informarci su come vorresti essere contattato in relazione alle informazioni che ci hai fornito tramite i nostri servizi di contatto online. Se comunichi a Hisense che non desideri che utilizziamo, modifichiamo o eliminiamo nessuna delle tue informazioni nei modi descritti nella presente Informativa sulla privacy, rispetteremo la tua richiesta.
Tuttavia, se in seguito fornisci ulteriori informazioni personali a questo sito Web o rispondi in altro modo a una delle richieste online di Hisense, assumeremo che tu abbia modificato la tua decisione in merito all'uso, alla modifica o alla cancellazione delle tue informazioni da parte di Hisense e che Hisense possa contattarti come ivi descritto. È possibile, in qualsiasi momento, comunicarci che non si desidera essere contattati da Hisense.
Hisense farà ogni sforzo commercialmente ragionevole per assicurare che la tua e-mail rimanga privata. Hisense non divulgherà a quelle parti non affiliate a Hisense, comunicazioni e-mail private che vengono trasmesse utilizzando i servizi Hisense, ad eccezione di quanto richiesto per gestire il servizio, o per rispondere alla sua richiesta o come altrimenti richiesto dalla legge.
Hisense risponderà a comportamenti scorretti. Hisense può utilizzare le informazioni personali per indagare e aiutare a prevenire attività potenzialmente illegali o attività che ci minacciano o violano in altro modo gli accordi con i clienti per qualsiasi prodotto o servizio fornito da Hisense.
Non vendiamo, scambiamo o affittiamo le tue informazioni personali ad altri. Possiamo condividere informazioni demografiche aggregate generiche non collegate a singoli individui riguardanti visitatori e utenti con i nostri partner commerciali per le finalità sopra indicate. Possiamo utilizzare fornitori di servizi di terze parti per aiutarci a gestire la nostra attività e il sito Web o amministrare attività per nostro conto, come l'invio di sondaggi. Potremmo condividere le tue informazioni con queste terze parti per quegli scopi limitati a condizione che tu ci abbia dato la tua autorizzazione.
Possiamo utilizzare i cookie combinati con dati utente anonimi (e dati personali se forniti dall'utente) per tracciare il movimento e il comportamento dell'utente all'interno e attraverso questo sito Web e prodotti. Potremmo utilizzare queste informazioni per aiutare noi, o i nostri agenti autorizzati, i fornitori di servizi, i rivenditori e i partner di marketing, a offrirti prodotti e servizi che potrebbero soddisfare meglio le tue esigenze e ad eseguire analisi del sito Web e / o degli utenti. Potremmo fornire queste informazioni a servizi di terze parti o fornitori di analisi per eseguire i servizi o le analisi per noi e fornirci i risultati secondo i termini di un contratto che richiede che i servizi di terze parti o il fornitore di analisi seguano tutte le leggi e i regolamenti applicabili. Utilizziamo le informazioni e i risultati analitici per migliorare questo sito Web e i prodotti, l'esperienza dell'utente e per fornirti contenuti e servizi che soddisfino meglio le tue esigenze.
CAMBIAMENTI NELLA PRATICA
Hisense manterrà aggiornata la sua politica sulla privacy e farà ogni sforzo per aggiornare prontamente questa pagina Web ogni volta che viene apportata una modifica a questa politica.
protezioni aggiuntive per la privacy dei bambini che usano internet
Hisense riconosce che i bambini, compresi i giovani adolescenti, potrebbero non essere in grado di fare scelte informate sulle informazioni personali richieste online. Di conseguenza, Hisense non si rivolge consapevolmente a bambini o adolescenti (di età inferiore ai diciotto anni) per la raccolta di informazioni online. Hisense non sollecita né raccoglie informazioni personali identificabili da bambini e adolescenti in base alle leggi e ai regolamenti applicabili e non permette a nessun altro di farlo.
DICHIARAZIONI E GARANZIE
Le informazioni su garanzie e limitazioni di responsabilità e i documenti forniti su questo sito Web sono forniti "così come sono" senza alcuna garanzia. Hisense compie sforzi ragionevoli per includere informazioni accurate e aggiornate su questo sito Web; tuttavia, non fornisce alcuna dichiarazione in merito alla sua accuratezza o completezza. L'utilizzo di questo sito Web è a proprio rischio. Hisense, i suoi fornitori, distributori, agenti autorizzati, fornitori di servizi, rivenditori e partner di marketing e le altre parti coinvolte nella creazione e nella consegna dei contenuti di questo sito Web, non sono responsabili per eventuali danni derivanti dall'uso di questo sito Web.
DIRITTI DI PROPRIETÀ INTELLETTUALE
I materiali visualizzati su questo sito Web, inclusi ma non limitati a tutto il testo, audio, video, immagini, fotografie, illustrazioni, opere d'arte, file di animazione e altri elementi grafici e nomi, loghi, marchi commerciali e marchi di servizio, sono proprietà di Hisense o dei suoi licenziatari e sono protetti da copyright, marchi e altre leggi sulla proprietà intellettuale. Questo sito Web può essere visualizzato, scaricato e / o stampato esclusivamente per uso domestico personale e non commerciale, a condizione che l'utente non elimini o modifichi alcun diritto d'autore, marchio commerciale o altri avvisi proprietari. Qualsiasi altro uso del materiale su questo sito Web senza il previo consenso scritto di Hisense è severamente proibito.
INFORMAZIONI SUL PRODOTTO
Le informazioni sui prodotti e le fotografie presenti in questo sito Web erano il più accurate possibile al momento della pubblicazione. I successivi perfezionamenti possono essere evidenti nel prodotto reale. I prezzi e le specifiche sono soggetti a modifiche senza preavviso. Gli accessori o gli oggetti di scena selezionati mostrati nelle fotografie non fanno parte del prodotto se non diversamente specificato. La convalida e i termini della garanzia variano in base al prodotto, al paese e al periodo.
SITI WEB COLLEGATI
Questo sito Web può contenere collegamenti ipertestuali ad altri siti Web completamente indipendenti. Hisense non rilascia alcuna garanzia o dichiarazione circa l'accuratezza, la completezza o l'autenticità delle informazioni contenute in qualsiasi collegamento ipertestuale. L'esistenza di un tale collegamento non può essere interpretata come approvazione diretta o indiretta, approvazione o sponsorizzazione o affiliazione con il sito collegato da parte di Hisense. Si prega di essere consapevoli e riconoscere che l'uso di questo sito Web per collegarsi ad altri siti è a proprio rischio. L'utente, come visitatore di questo sito Web, riconosce e accetta che Hisense non ha l'obbligo di rivedere qualsiasi sito collegato a questo sito Web e non è in alcun modo responsabile per il contenuto di eventuali siti collegati. Questi siti Web, collegamenti e servizi possono avere le proprie politiche sulla privacy e politiche del servizio clienti. La navigazione e l'interazione con qualsiasi altro sito Web, compresi i siti Web che hanno un collegamento a questo sito Web, sono soggetti ai termini e alle politiche di tale sito Web.
Hisense si riserva il diritto di modificare le informazioni contenute in questo sito Web in qualsiasi momento senza preavviso. Sebbene Hisense compia tutti gli sforzi ragionevoli per garantire che tutto il materiale su questo sito Web sia corretto, l'accuratezza non può essere garantita e Hisense non si assume alcuna responsabilità per l'accuratezza, la completezza o l'autenticità delle informazioni contenute in questo sito Web. Questo sito Web e tutte le informazioni e i materiali in esso contenuti sono forniti "così come sono" senza alcuna garanzia di alcun tipo.
NESSUNA OFFERTA DA VENDERE
Le informazioni contenute in questo sito Web sono solo a scopo informativo e non costituiscono in alcun modo un'offerta per l'acquisto o la vendita di prodotti Hisense. L'acquisto di qualsiasi prodotto Hisense è soggetto ai termini e alle condizioni del contratto di vendita o vendita applicabile. Questo sito Web non può essere utilizzato o invocato da te come sostituto delle informazioni disponibili presso un rivenditore Hisense autorizzato.
UTILIZZARE QUESTO SITO A PROPRIO RISCHIO
L'accesso a questo sito Web è a proprio rischio. Entrando in questo sito Web e / o inviando i nostri moduli online, l'utente riconosce e accetta di essere vincolato da tutti i termini legali indicati nella presente Informativa sulla privacy, nonché da tutte le leggi e i regolamenti applicabili. Se non si accettano questi termini, non è necessario utilizzare questo sito Web. Hisense si riserva il diritto di modificare la presente Informativa sulla privacy in qualsiasi momento e senza preavviso. Utilizzando questo sito Web, l'utente accetta in anticipo di essere vincolato da tutti i termini e le condizioni, inclusa la presente Informativa sulla privacy. Hisense e le parti coinvolte nella creazione, produzione o consegna di questo sito Web non sono responsabili per eventuali danni, perdite, costi o spese diretti, indiretti, consequenziali, incidentali, punitivi o di altro tipo (inclusi ma non limitati a spese legali e di esperti) che possono derivare dall'accesso o dall'impossibilità di accedere a questo sito Web. Ciò include, a titolo esemplificativo, la responsabilità per danni o lesioni derivanti dalla navigazione di questo sito Web, dal download di qualsiasi materiale da esso o da cause quali virus informatici, malfunzionamenti del software o dell'hardware o altri errori, problemi, guasti o ritardi nel funzionamento del computer in generale o in trasmissione di rete.
I TUOI DIRITTI COME SOGGETTO DEI DATI
In base alla legge sulla protezione dei dati e ad altre leggi applicabili, potresti avere una serie di diritti, tra cui: il diritto di non fornirci i tuoi dati personali; il diritto di accesso ai tuoi dati personali; il diritto di richiedere la correzione di inesattezze; il diritto di richiedere la cancellazione o la limitazione del trattamento dei dati personali; il diritto di opporsi al trattamento dei dati personali; il diritto di revocare il consenso o limitare l'uso e la divulgazione dei dati; e il diritto di presentare reclami alle autorità di protezione dei dati.
Per esercitare uno o più di questi diritti o porre una domanda su tali diritti o su qualsiasi altra disposizione della presente Informativa sulla privacy o sul nostro trattamento dei dati personali, si prega di utilizzare i dettagli di contatto forniti di seguito. Si noti che in alcuni casi sarà necessario fornire prova della propria identità prima di poter applicare tali diritti; laddove la tua richiesta richieda l'accertamento di ulteriori fatti (ad esempio, la determinazione della mancata conformità di qualsiasi Elaborazione con la legge applicabile), esamineremo la tua richiesta ragionevolmente tempestivamente, prima di intraprendere qualsiasi azione.
CONSENSO
Utilizzando questo sito Web, compilando i nostri moduli di contatto o quando si decide di partecipare a un sondaggio, un concorso o un'attività organizzata da noi, si accetta il trattamento dei dati personali come descritto nel presente documento e nel modulo specifico in cui si forniscono i dati personali.
CONTATTACI
In caso di domande o commenti in merito alla presente Informativa sulla privacy, si prega di contattarci all'indirizzo
http://global.hisense.com/support/contact-us
.
Se risiedi nell'Unione Europea, rivolgiti a qualsiasi domanda che potresti avere in merito alla protezione dei tuoi dati al nostro rappresentante UE come segue:
Rappresentante UE:
VERDATA Datenschutz GmbH & Co. KG
Roemerstr. 12
D - 40476 Duesseldorf
Email:
hisense.representative@verdata.de
Se risiedi in un paese al di fuori dell'Unione Europea, ti preghiamo di contattarci per qualsiasi domanda tu possa avere in merito alla tua protezione dei dati all'indirizzo
gjyxinfo@hisense.com
per i prodotti TV intelligenti o all'indirizzo
sys_support001@hisense.com
per il condizionatore d'aria intelligente e prodotti deumidificatori intelligenti.
Rimani aggiornato con Hisense
e-mail su nuovi prodotti e altre notizie
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD
Esta Política de privacidad rige la manera en que Hisense International Co., Ltd. (con su dirección oficial en No, 17, Avenida Donghai Xi , Qingdao, PRC) y sus afiliados (colectivamente llamados "Hisense", "somos" o "nosotros" o "nuestro") recopila, utiliza, mantiene y divulga información recopilada de usted de este sitio web ("Sitio web"). Esta Política de privacidad es efectiva a partir del 1 de enero de 2020.
Hisense mantiene una política de privacidad para proteger la información de identificación personal y las comunicaciones contra intrusiones no autorizadas. "Información de identificación personal" se refiere a cualquier información personal que pueda identificarlo, como su nombre, dirección, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico e información sobre un evento (en línea o de otro tipo) directamente vinculado a su información.
CÓMO Y POR QUÉ HISENSE RECOPILA Y COMPARTE SU INFORMACIÓN
Nuestro formulario de contacto en línea solicitará información personal limitada para garantizar que podamos completar su solicitud y responder en consecuencia. Cualquier información recopilada de estos formularios solo se utilizará cuando Hisense responda a su solicitud o utilice agentes y proveedores de servicios (como contratistas o compañías de terceros) para realizar servicios en nombre de Hisense, o proporcionar su información a los minoristas de Hisense o socio de servicio postventa y haremos esfuerzos comerciales razonables para asegurar que los contratistas y las compañías de terceros protejan su información personal de manera consistente con esta política.
Puede proporcionarnos información de contacto para obtener información que nos proporciona a través del servicio de contacto en línea. Si informa a Hisense que no desea que usemos, modifiquemos o eliminemos su información de la manera descrita en esta política de privacidad, respetaremos su solicitud. Sin embargo, si luego proporciona otra información personal a este sitio web o responde a las consultas en línea de Hisense, asumiremos que ha cambiado la decisión con respecto al uso, modificación o eliminación de información de Hisense, Hisense puede contactarlo como se describe en él. Puede informarnos en cualquier momento que no desea que Hisense se comunique con usted.
Hisense realizará esfuerzos comerciales razonables para garantizar que su correo electrónico se mantenga confidencial. Excepto para operar el servicio o responder a su solicitud o de otro modo requerido por la ley, Hisense no divulgará comunicaciones privadas por correo electrónico transmitidas a través de los servicios de Hisense a partes no relacionadas con Hisense.
Hisense responderá a la mala conducta. Hisense puede usar información personal para investigar y ayudar a prevenir posibles actividades ilegales o actividades que nos amenacen o violen los acuerdos del cliente para cualquier producto o servicio proporcionado por Hisense.
No venderemos, intercambiaremos ni alquilaremos su información personal a terceros. Para los fines descritos anteriormente, podemos compartir información demográfica general agregada con nuestros socios comerciales que no estén vinculados a ninguna persona específica relacionada con visitantes y usuarios. Podemos utilizar proveedores de servicios externos para ayudarnos a operar nuestro negocio y sitios web o para administrar actividades en nuestro nombre, como enviar encuestas. Si obtiene nuestro permiso, podemos compartir su información con estos terceros con fines limitados.
Podemos utilizar cookies junto con datos de usuario anónimos (así como datos personales que usted proporcione) para rastrear las actividades y el comportamiento del usuario dentro y entre este sitio web y el producto. Podemos utilizar esta información para ayudarnos a nosotros oa nuestros agentes autorizados, proveedores de servicios, minoristas y socios de marketing a proporcionarle productos y servicios que satisfagan mejor sus necesidades, así como a realizar análisis de sitios web y / o de usuarios. Podemos proporcionar esta información a un proveedor de servicios o análisis de terceros para que realice un servicio o análisis para nosotros según lo requiera el proveedor de servicios o análisis de terceros para cumplir con los términos del contrato de todas las leyes y reglamentos aplicables y proporcionarnos los resultados. Utilizamos información y resultados de análisis para mejorar este sitio web y productos, mejorar la experiencia del usuario y brindarle contenido y servicios que satisfagan mejor sus necesidades.
CAMBIO DE PRÁCTICA
Hisense mantendrá actualizada su política de privacidad y hará todo lo posible para actualizar esta página de manera oportuna cada vez que se modifique esta política.
Otras protecciones de privacidad para niños que usan Internet
Hisense reconoce que los niños (incluidos los adolescentes) pueden no ser capaces de tomar decisiones informadas sobre la información personal solicitada en línea. Por lo tanto, Hisense no utilizará intencionalmente a niños o jóvenes (menores de 18 años) para la recopilación de información en línea. Hisense no solicitará ni recopilará información de identificación personal sobre niños y jóvenes de acuerdo con las leyes y regulaciones aplicables, y no permite que nadie más lo haga.
DECLARACIONES Y GARANTÍAS
La información sobre la garantía y la limitación de responsabilidad y los documentos proporcionados en este sitio web se proporcionan "tal cual" sin ninguna garantía. Hisense hace todo lo posible para incluir información precisa y actualizada en este sitio web; sin embargo, no hace ninguna representación sobre su precisión o integridad. Se utiliza este sitio web bajo su propio riesgo. Hisense, sus proveedores, distribuidores, agentes autorizados, proveedores de servicios, minoristas y socios de mercado y otras partes relacionadas con la creación y entrega del contenido de este sitio web no serán responsables de ninguna pérdida causada por el uso de este sitio web. Cualquier responsabilidad
PROPIEDAD INTELECTUAL
Los materiales que se muestran en este sitio web, incluidos, entre otros, todo el texto, audio, video, imágenes, fotos, ilustraciones, ilustraciones, archivos de animación y otros gráficos, así como nombres, logotipos, marcas comerciales y marcas de servicio, son Hisense o sus licenciantes. Propiedad y protegida por derechos de autor, marca registrada y otras leyes de propiedad intelectual. Siempre que no elimine ni modifique ningún aviso de derechos de autor, marca registrada u otros avisos de propiedad, este sitio web solo puede mostrarse, descargarse o imprimirse para uso personal y no comercial en el hogar. Sin el consentimiento previo por escrito de Hisense, cualquier otro uso de los materiales en este sitio web está estrictamente prohibido.
INFORMACIÓN DEL PRODUCTO
La información del producto y las fotos publicadas en este sitio web son tan precisas como sea posible al momento de la publicación. Las mejoras posteriores pueden reflejarse en productos reales. Los precios y las especificaciones están sujetos a cambios sin previo aviso. A menos que se indique lo contrario, los accesorios o accesorios seleccionados que se muestran en las fotos no forman parte de la gama de productos. La confirmación de la garantía y los términos varían según el producto, el país / región y la duración.
SITIO WEB VINCULADO
Este sitio web puede contener enlaces de hipertexto a otros sitios web completamente independientes. Hisense no ofrece garantías ni representaciones con respecto a la precisión, integridad o autenticidad de la información contenida en los enlaces de hipertexto. La existencia de dichos enlaces no puede interpretarse como la aprobación, el respaldo, el patrocinio o la subordinación directa o indirecta de Hisense al sitio vinculado. Tenga en cuenta y confirme que el uso de este sitio web para vincular a otros sitios web es bajo su propio riesgo. Como visitante de este sitio web, usted reconoce y acepta que Hisense no tiene la obligación de revisar ningún sitio web vinculado a este sitio web y no es responsable del contenido de ningún sitio web vinculado. Estos sitios web, enlaces y servicios pueden tener sus propias políticas de privacidad y políticas de servicio al cliente. La navegación e interacción con cualquier otro sitio web, incluidos los sitios web con enlaces a este sitio web, están sujetos a los términos y políticas del sitio web en sí.
Hisense se reserva el derecho de modificar la información contenida en este sitio web en cualquier momento sin previo aviso. Aunque Hisense hace todo lo posible para garantizar que todos los materiales en este sitio web sean correctos, no se puede garantizar la precisión, y Hisense no se hace responsable de la exactitud, integridad o autenticidad de la información contenida en este sitio web. Este sitio web y toda la información y los materiales contenidos en él se le proporcionan "tal cual" sin ninguna garantía.
NO HAY OFERTA EN VENTA
La información contenida en este sitio web es solo para referencia, y de ninguna manera constituye una oferta para comprar o vender productos Hisense. La compra de cualquier producto Hisense deberá cumplir con los términos y condiciones del contrato de venta o minorista aplicable. No puede usar o confiar en este sitio web para reemplazar la información que los minoristas autorizados de Hisense pueden proporcionarle.
USE ESTE SITIO WEB BAJO SU PROPIO RIESGO
La entrada a este sitio web es bajo su propio riesgo. Al ingresar a este sitio web y / o enviar nuestros formularios en línea, usted reconoce y acepta estar sujeto a todos los términos legales descritos en esta Política de privacidad, así como a todas las leyes y regulaciones aplicables. Si no está de acuerdo con estos términos, no debe usar este sitio web. Hisense se reserva el derecho de cambiar esta Política de privacidad en cualquier momento y sin previo aviso. Al usar este sitio web, usted acepta de antemano estar sujeto a todos los términos y condiciones, incluida esta Política de privacidad. Hisense y las partes involucradas en la creación, producción o entrega de este sitio web no son responsables de ningún tipo de daños, pérdidas, costos o gastos directos, indirectos, consecuentes, incidentales, punitivos o de cualquier otro tipo (incluidos, entre otros, honorarios legales y de expertos) que puede surgir como resultado del acceso o la imposibilidad de acceder a este sitio web. Esto incluye, sin limitación, responsabilidad por daños o lesiones resultantes de la navegación en este sitio web, la descarga de cualquier material del mismo, o por causas tales como virus informáticos, mal funcionamiento del software o hardware, o cualquier otro error, problema, falla o demora en la operación de la computadora en transmisión general o en red.
SUS DERECHOS COMO SUJETO DE DATOS
Sujeto a las leyes de protección de datos y otras leyes aplicables, puede tener muchos derechos, que incluyen: el derecho a no proporcionarnos sus datos personales; el derecho a acceder a sus datos personales; el derecho a solicitar la corrección de errores; el derecho a solicitar la eliminación o restricción Su derecho a los datos personales; el derecho a oponerse al procesamiento de sus datos personales; el derecho a retirar el consentimiento o limitar el uso y divulgación de sus datos; y el derecho a presentar una queja ante una agencia de protección de datos.
Para ejercer uno o más de estos derechos, o para cuestionar estos derechos o cualquier otra disposición de esta política de privacidad o nuestro procesamiento de sus datos personales, utilice la información de contacto proporcionada a continuación. Tenga en cuenta que, en algunos casos, debemos proporcionar su identificación antes de que podamos hacer cumplir estos derechos; y en el caso en que su solicitud requiera la determinación de otros hechos (por ejemplo, para determinar si algún procesamiento no cumple con las leyes aplicables ), investigaremos su solicitud razonablemente rápido antes de tomar cualquier medida.
DE ACUERDO
Al utilizar este sitio web, completar nuestro formulario de contacto o decidir participar en encuestas, concursos o actividades organizadas por nosotros, usted acepta procesar sus datos personales como se describe aquí y en un formulario específico que proporcione sus datos personales.
CONTÁCTENOS
Si tiene alguna pregunta o comentario sobre esta Política de privacidad, contáctenos en
http://global.hisense.com/support/contact-us
.
Si es residente en la Unión Europea, dirija cualquier pregunta que pueda tener sobre su protección de datos a nuestro representante de la UE de la siguiente manera:
Representante de la UE:
VERDATA Datenschutz GmbH & Co. KG
Roemerstr. 12
D - 40476 Duesseldorf
Email:
hisense.representative@verdata.de
Si es residente en un país fuera de la Unión Europea, comuníquese con nosotros si tiene alguna pregunta sobre su protección de datos en
gjyxinfo@hisense.com
for smart TV products,o en
sys_support001@hisense.com
para productos inteligentes de aire acondicionado y deshumidificadores inteligentes.
Mantener contacto con Hisense
correos electrónicos sobre nuevos productos y otras noticias
﻿
Dear visitor,​
We use cookies to optimise and continuously improve our website for individual visitor like you.  Click “Accept” to activate them or “Reject” if you do not want them. Please see  our
Cookies Policy
to learn more about how they are used on our website. You can change settings here at your convenience.​
Reject
Accept
BACK TO TOP