Thank you for using
Muscle and Motion
products.
Below we will set out how we collect, use, manage, and the circumstances in which we share your data or information when you use our products, applications, and websites.
Policy on Privacy and Personal Information Use Introduction Muscle&Motion respects each individual’s right to personal privacy.
We will collect and use information through our Web site and products only in the ways disclosed in this statement.
This statement applies solely to information collected at Muscle&Motion’s Web site, and through Muscle&Motion enabled Software/apps.
Part I | Information Collection
Muscle&Motion collects may collect names and email addresses. We collect the following general data that is not personally identifiable information: pages visited, date and time.
Part II | Information Usage
The information collected by Muscle&Motion will be used solely by Muscle&Motion and in conjunction with the specified terms in this document.
Users who provide information may receive email announcements regarding Muscle&Motion’s services from time to time. Personal data collected by Muscle&Motion will be used by Muscle&Motionfor editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for product development, for content improvement, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen or clicked on their advertisements, and to customize content and layout of Muscle&Motion’s site. Muscle&Motion may, at its option, share, rent, sell or otherwise disclose personal data (other than credit card numbers) to third parties whom Muscle&Motion has pre-screened, and who market products and/or services that Muscle&Motiondetermines, in its sole discretion, might be of interest to visitors of Muscle&Motion’s Web site.
Muscle&Motion does not attempt to collect personal information from children under age 13. Personal information sent to Muscle&Motion, such as e-mail, which appears to be from a child, is deleted. Muscle&Motion cannot always determine if a visitor to its Web site or the sender of an e-mail is a child.
Muscle&Motion reserves the right to contact site visitors, Registered Users, and Subscribers regarding account status and changes to the
Service Agreement
, Privacy Policy, or any other policies or agreements relevant to the Web site. As you browse Muscle & Motion and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your (anonymous) online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you. If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page to opt-out of most companies that engage in such advertising. (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.)
At Muscle&Motion, ads delivered by Yahoo! JAPAN or a third party may be displayed, and in relation to these ads, the third party may acquire and use cookies and other information from users visiting Muscle&Motion.
The cookie information acquired by this third party is handled in compliance with the third party’s privacy policy.
A user may access the opt-out page on the third party’s Web site and stop the third party from using cookies and other information for the purpose of displaying ads.
A cookie is a file containing usage history, input information, and other data that is saved on the customer’s computer and is sent and received between the browser and the server whenever the customer uses a Web page. The next time that the customer accesses the same page, the cookie’s information can be used by the page’s operator to change the information displayed when that customer views that page. If the customer allows the sending and receiving of cookies in the customer’s browser, then the Web site can acquire cookies from that user’s browser. Also note that the customer’s browser only sends cookies that are sent and received between the browser and that particular Web site, in order to protect the customer’s privacy.
When selecting the browser’s cookie send/receive settings, the customer can choose to permit all cookies, to refuse all cookies, to notify the user whenever cookies are received, and so on. The setting method differs depending on the browser. For a description of the cookie setting method, refer to the browser’s [Help] menu.
Note that if a browser is set to refuse all cookies, then this may limit the use of various services on the Internet, including the loss of the ability to use services that require authentication.
Part I
I
I
| Data Deletion
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires a way for users and customers to request that their data could be deleted. Please note that we do not store any private information rather than the Name and Email provided upon signing up. Also, we do not store payment methods information.
In case you would like to delete your account and information associated with it,  you can do that by logging in to your account on the app, navigate to “Profile” screen and then click on “Delete Account”. You would then be asked if you are sure you wish to delete your account and the information associated with it.
Once you confirm, the account and the information associated with it, would be permanently deleted
and you’d be logged out from the app.
Another option would be to reach us at
info@muscleandmotion.com
and ask us to delete your account and information associated with it. We will perform the deletion for you and will send a confirmation email stating your account and the information associated with it were permanently deleted.
Please note, in order to be sure that all your data stored in our system deleted upon your request, you have to validate you sent us all the different email addresses you might used with our platform.
Note: In case you made your subscription by checking our via our checkout pages (and not through the app stores for example), your billing information is stored on “Bluesnap” or “Fastspring”, our 3
rd
party billing providers. You can reach “Bluesnap” or “Fastspring” directly with the same request at support@bluesnap.com or orders@fastspring.com accordingly.
Contact Information
With any questions contact us at
info@muscleandmotion.com
Muscle and Motion Ltd