Privacy Policy
The use of this
www.booknapp.de
website may be associated with the processing of personal data. So that the associated processing is comprehensible for you and in order to ensure fair processing, we are informing you about your rights according to the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG).
book ´n` app – pApplishing house GmbH, Johnsallee 21, 20148 Hamburg (hereinafter referred to as “we” or “us”) is responsible for the data processing.
1. General
a. Contact
If you have questions or suggestions about this information or would like to contact us about the assertion of your rights, please direct your enquiry to…:
book ´n` app – pApplishing house GmbH, Johnsallee 21, 20148 Hamburg
Tel.: +49 (0)40 238 35 30-0
E-mail: service(@)booknapp.de
b. General information about data processing
During the use of our
www.booknapp.de
website, the processing of personal data may occur.
The definition of the term “personal data” under data protection law refers to all information which relates to a specific or determinable person. The IP address can also be an item of personal data. An IP address is allocated by the Internet provider to every device that is connected to the Internet, so that it can send and receive data. During the use of the website, we record information, which you provide yourself. Furthermore, during your visit to the website, specific information is automatically collected by us about your use of the website. We process personal data in accordance with the relevant data protection regulations, particularly the GDPR and the BDSG.
Data processing is only performed by us and exclusively on the basis of a legal permit. When using our website, we process personal data for the fulfilment of a contract, which you are a contracting party to, or upon your request to perform pre-contractual measures (Art. 6 Subsection 1 S. 1 b GDPR), to fulfil a legal obligation (Art. 6 Subsection 1 S. 1 c GDPR) or if the processing is necessary to preserve our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, provided that your interests or constitutional rights and constitutional freedoms, which require the protection of personal data do not outweigh this (Art. 6 Subsection 1 S. 1 f GDPR). If you apply for an open position in our company, we also process your personal data to decide on the establishment of an employment relationship (Section 26 Subsection 1 S. 1 BDSG).
c. Duration of storage
We only store data for as long as it is necessary for the realisation of the processing, unless stipulated otherwise below, we only store the data for as long as it is necessary to achieve the processing purpose or for the fulfilment of our contractual or legal duties. Such statutory retention periods may specifically arise from commercial code or tax code regulations.
d. Technical service provider
Unless stipulated otherwise below, the processing of the data occurs on the servers of technical service providers, who have been commissioned by us. These service providers only process the data upon express instructions and are contractually obligated to guarantee sufficient technical and organisational measures for data privacy.
2. Processing of server logfiles
With purely informative use of our websites, general information is initially stored automatically (i.e. not via registration), which you browser sends to our servers. As standard, these include: browser type/version, operating system used, accessed website, the previously visited websites (referrer URL), IP address, date and time of the server enquiry and HTTP status code. The processing occurs to preserve our legitimate interests and is based on the legal basis of Art. 6 Subsection 1 S. 1 f GDPR. This processing has the purpose of technical administration and security of the website. The stored data are deleted after thirty days, if a justified interest in unlawful use does not exist on the basis of concrete indications and further examination and processing of the information is necessary for this reason.
3. Contact opportunities and enquiries
Our website may contain a contact form, which you can use to contact us online. The transfer of your data occurs in an encrypted form. All data fields, which are marked as being mandatory, are required for processing your concern. The consequence of failing to provide the information is that we cannot process your concern. The provision of additional data occurs voluntarily. Alternatively, you can also send a message via the contact e-mail. We process data for the purpose of replying to your enquiry.
Legal basis for data processing (Art. 6 Subsection 1 Letter c) GDPR)
4. Cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files, which are stored by your browser when you visit a website. This way, the browsers used are identified and can be recognised by our webserver.
We specifically use “persistent cookies” for this. These cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period of time, which can differ, depending on the cookie.
If processing of personal data occurs due to this use of cookies, this is based on the legal grounds of Art. 6 Subsection 1 S. 1 f GDPR. This processing occurs for your legitimate interest in making our website more user friendly, effective and secure.
You can delete the cookies in the security settings of your browser at any time. You can generally reject the use of cookies through your browser settings. Further information about this is available from the Federal Office for Information Security at httpss://www.bsi-fuer-buerger.de/BSIFB/DE/Empfehlungen/EinrichtungSoftware/EinrichtungBrowser/Sicherheitsmassnahmen/Cookies/cookies_node.html.
5. Google Analytics
To evaluate the visits to our website, we using the Google Analytics service of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). Google uses cookies, which enable an analysis of your use. The information created by the cookie concerning the use of the website by the user is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA, where it is stored. Google will use this information on our behalf, to evaluate the use of our online services by the users, to produce reports concerning the activities within our website and to produce additional services associated with the use of our website and the Internet for us. Alias utilisation profiles of the users can be created from the processed data. We only use Google Analytics with activated IP anonymisation. However, in the case of activation of IP anonymisation on this website, your IP address will be previously abbreviated by Google within Member States of the European Union or in other Contracting States of the Treaty on the European Economic Area. The full IP address will only be transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases.
The IP address sent by the user’s browser will not be combined with other data of Google. The user can prevent the storage of cookies with the appropriate setting in your browser software.
The legal basis for data processing in relation to the Google Analytics service is Art. 6 Subsection 1 S. 1 f GDPR and the processing is in the legitimate interest of analysing user behaviour on our website and the possible needs-based design.
You can prevent the storage of cookies with the appropriate setting in your browser software. You can also prevent the information generated by the cookie by downloading the browser plugin available under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. If you are visiting our website using a mobile device, you can deactivate Google Analytics by clicking on this link.
Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and therefore offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (httpss://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active).
6. Integrated services and contents of third parties
We use services and content provided by third parties on our website (hereinafter referred to jointly as “contents”). For such integration, it is technically necessary to process your IP address, so that the contents can be sent to your browser. Therefore, your IP address is sent to the respective third-party provider.
This data processing occurs in order to preserve our legitimate interests in the optimisation and economically viable operation of our website and is based on the legal grounds of Art. 6 Subsection 1 S. 1 f GDPR.
The JavaScript programming language is usually used for integrating the contents. You can therefore object to the data processing by deactivating the execution of JavaScript in your browser or installing a JavaScript blocker. Please note that this may lead to functional impairments on the website.
We have integrated the following services provided by the following third-party providers in our website:
YouTube.com of YouTube LLC (901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA; “YouTube”) for displaying videos.YouTube, as a subsidiary of Google, is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and therefore offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (httpss://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active).
7. Revocation of consent
If you have granted separate consent to us for data processing, you can revoke this consent at any time on the basis of Art. 7 Subsection 3 GDPR. Such a revocation will not affect the lawfulness of the processing, which has occurred until the revocation.
8. Your rights
As a data subject, you have the right to assert your data subject’s rights vis-à-vis us. You specifically have the following rights:
On the basis of Art. 15 GDPR and Section 34 BDSG, you have the right to request disclosure about whether and to what extent we process your personal data or not.
You have the right, on the basis of Art. 16 GDPR, to request the correction of your data.
You have the right, on the basis of Art. 17 GDPR and Section 35 BDSG, to request that we correct your data.
On the basis of Art. 18 GDPR, you have the right to have your personal data restricted.
On the basis of Art. 20 GDPR, you have the right to obtain the personal data relating to you, which you have provided, in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format and to send these data to another controller.
9. Right to object
On the basis of Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right to object to any processing, which is based on the legal grounds of Art. 6, Subsection 1 S. 1 e or f GDPR. If we process personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, you can object to this processing in accordance with Art. 21 Subsection 2 and Subsection 3.
10. Data Protection Representative
You can reach our Data Protection Representative under the following contact details: bheimberger(@)booknapp.de
11. Complaint to a supervisory authority
If you are of the opinion that processing of personal data relating to you violates the provisions of the GDPR, on the basis of Art. 77 GDPR, you have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority.
No storage of children’s personal data!
With the use of our app, you are not entering into any obligation to disclose personal data. We guarantee that we do not store any information about you or your end device. Exceptions from this are non-personal information, such as accessed websites, and actions, which you execute in our apps.
We guarantee that we do not disclose any non-personal information to persons outside of our company! We comply with the law on the protection of the privacy of children in the Internet.
For the implementation of our website and apps, we guarantee that we comply with the Children´s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We do not knowingly collect any personal data from children under the age of 13. If feedback from children, who are identified as being under the age of 13, should be received through a support enquiry, which is directly sent to us, we will neither use nor store the data. The data are permanently deleted.
Status: 25 May 2018
E
T
F
M
Print Article →
zur Metaplan Seite EN →