Digital Production Office
®
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
1.1 This privacy policy sets out the basis on
 which Sargent-Disc Ltd (company number: 02020919, registered office: 
First Floor, St Johns House, 16 Church Street, Bromsgrove, B61 8DN) (we,
 us or our) will process any personal data that we collect on or about 
you in relation to your use of our software services (such as Payroll, 
Payslip, Payscales, Digital Purchase Order or CrewStart ™) (Services). 
Please read the following privacy policy carefully to understand how we 
use and protect your personal information.
2. Your use of our Services
2.1
 Your use of our Services will, at least initially, be subject to the 
authorisation of an entity which engages you for your services (a 
Contracting Entity) and in accordance with the applicable Terms of Use. 
Your personal data may be provided to us by you or by your Contracting 
Entity and we shall handle such data in accordance with the instructions
 of your Contracting Entity.
2.2 If you are entitled to continue 
to use our Services after your engagement by a Contracting Entity has 
come to an end, we shall store your personal data in accordance with 
this privacy policy and the applicable Terms of Use.
2.3 If you have any queries or complaints in relation to this privacy policy our contact details are as follows:
Address: Sargent-Disc Ltd, 5 – 7 Baring Road, Beaconsfield, Bucks, HP9 2NB.
Email: dataprotection@sargent-disc.com
Tel: +44 (0)1753 630300
If
 you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Sargent-Disc 
(Ireland) Ltd, incorporated in The Republic of Ireland under number 
593567 whose registered office is at 99 St Stephens Green, Dublin 2, D02
 V278, Ireland acts as our European Representative.
3. The information that we collect from you
3.1
 We collect information that you provide to us when you use our 
Services. For example, this includes your log-in details, contact 
information and any other information relating to you which is uploaded 
to a Service.
3.2 We will collect any information contained in any
 correspondence between you and us. For example, if you contact us, we 
may keep a record of that correspondence. We may also ask you for 
information when you report a problem with our Services.
3.3 We 
may collect aggregated, anonymised information about users of our 
Services based on the information uploaded by you and by Contracting 
Entities. For example, we may compile information about the average rate
 of pay of certain types of contractor.
3.4 We may collect certain
 information about and how you use our Services. This may include your 
IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length
 of use and similar information. Individual users will not be 
identifiable from this information. This information may be collected by
 a third party website analytics service provider on our behalf and may 
be collected using cookies. For more information on our use of cookies 
please refer to section 6 below.
4. Use of your information
4.1 We will only use the personal information that we collect from you in accordance with this privacy policy.
4.2 We may use your information for the following purposes:
4.2.1
 to maintain your account in order that you may use our Services when 
your employment or engagement with a Contracting Entity ends and to 
transfer your account to any further Contracting Entity that you may be 
employed or engaged by;
4.2.2 to optimise the use and performance of our Services;
4.2.3 to send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications, such as information about the Services;
4.2.4
 to provide customer service in relation to your use of our Services, to
 contact you, to deal with enquiries relating to use of our Services and
 to notify you about changes to our Services; and
4.2.5 to provide
 third parties with statistical information about our users but this 
information will not be able to be used to identify any individual user.
5. Disclosure of your information
5.1
 Other than as expressly set out in this privacy policy or as otherwise 
required or permitted by law, we will not share, sell or distribute any 
of the information you provide to us without your consent.
5.2 We may disclose your personal information to:
5.2.1 your Contracting Entity;
5.2.2
 any third party to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to provide
 you with any services that you have requested (e.g. if you request 
approval of a purchase order from a third party);
5.2.3 in respect
 of Digital Production Office, our software partner LeBog Software GmbH 
in order to provide access to Digital Purchase Order services;
5.2.4
 our parent company and other group companies, in relation to setup, 
support, maintenance and other services, this information may include 
name, demographic details, contact details, financial information, and 
other associated information;  and
5.2.5 any person to whom 
disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our legal rights, or to 
protect the rights, property or safety of our employees or where such 
disclosure may be permitted or required by law.
6. Cookies
6.1
 We use cookies to ensure that you get the most out of the Services. 
Cookies are small amounts of information in the form of text files which
 we store on the device you use to access the Services. Cookies allow us
 to monitor your use of the software and simplify your use of the 
Services. For example, a temporary cookie is also used to keep track of 
your “session”. Without that temporary cookie (which is not stored after
 you quit your browser) you would have to log on every time you access a
 new page.
6.2 If you do not wish for cookies to be installed on 
your device, you can change the settings on your browser or device to 
reject cookies. For more information about how to reject cookies using 
your internet browser settings please consult the “Help” section of your
 internet browser (or alternatively visit http://www.aboutcookies.org). 
Please note that, if you do set your Internet browser to reject cookies,
 you may not be able to access all of the functions of the Services and 
your experience may be less satisfying without using cookies.
6.3 
The names of the cookies used by the Services and the purposes for which
 these cookies are used are set out in the table below:
Cookie
Purpose
Type
Duration
JSESSIONID
Used to remember certain settings such as whether you have logged into the site.
Session
Destroyed
 each time your browser is closed. Information stored is automatically 
deleted from the server 30 minutes after you last access the software 
application.
7. Security and data retention
7.1
 We employ appropriate technological and operational security measures 
to protect against any unauthorised access to or any unlawful processing
 of any personal information about you that we hold. We will retain your
 information for as long as is necessary to provide any services to you,
 your Contracting Entity or for a reasonable period or as long as the 
law otherwise permits.
7.2 Data transmission over the internet is 
inherently insecure, and although we employ appropriate technological 
and organisational security measures to protect your data from 
unauthorised access we cannot guarantee the security of any data sent 
over the internet.
8. International data transfers
8.1 The
 personal information that we collect may be transferred to, and stored 
at, a destination outside the EEA or the UK, including countries, which 
have less strict, or no data protection laws, when compared to those in 
the EEA or the UK.
8.2 Whenever we transfer your information as 
described in the paragraph above, we will take steps which are 
reasonably necessary to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to 
protect your personal information and to make sure it is treated 
securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. In these cases, we 
rely on approved data transfer mechanisms (such as standard contractual 
clauses) to ensure your information is subject to adequate safeguards in
 the recipient country. If you are located in the UK or the EEA, you may
 contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to 
protect your personal information and privacy rights in these 
circumstances.
9. Legal Basis For Processing Your Personal Information
9.1
 We will only process your personal information where we have a legal 
basis to do so. The legal basis will depend on the purposes for which we
 have collected and use your personal information. In almost every case 
the legal basis will be one of the following:
– Consent: For 
example, where you have provided your consent to receive certain 
marketing from us. You can withdraw your consent at any time, including 
by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing 
email we send you.
– Our legitimate business interests: Where it 
is necessary for us to understand our customers, promote our services 
and operate effectively as a provider of payroll, production accounting 
and production management services, provided in each case that this is 
done in a legitimate way which does not unduly affect your privacy and 
other rights.
– Performance of a contract with you (or in order to
 take steps prior to entering into a contract with you): For example, 
where we need to use your personal data in order to comply with our 
obligations under our Terms of Use.
– Compliance with law: Where 
we are subject to a legal obligation and need to use your personal 
information in order to comply with that obligation.
10. Your Rights
10.1
 You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. These
 include: the right to object to the processing of your information for 
certain purposes, the right to access your personal information, and the
 ability to erase, restrict or receive a machine-readable copy of your 
personal information.
10.2 We will handle any request to exercise 
your rights in accordance with applicable law and any relevant legal 
exemptions. If you wish to exercise any of these rights please contact 
us using the contact above.
10.3 You may also have the right to 
complain to a data protection authority if you think we have processed 
your personal information in a manner which is unlawful or breaches your
 rights. If you have such concerns we request that you initially contact
 us (using the contact details above) so that we can investigate, and 
hopefully resolve, your concerns.
11. Changes to this privacy policy
11.1
 We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy from time 
to time. Any such changes to this privacy policy will be posted to our 
website and if we consider it to be appropriate we will notify you of 
any material changes by e-mail. Any changes will come into effect the 
next time you use the Services after the changes have been notified. The
 date this privacy policy was last updated is set out below:
Date last updated: 14 January 2022