Assistant
Assistant
Home
Privacy and security
Privacy and security
Find out what personal information myGov collects and what to do if you think someone is misusing it.
On this page
Information we collect
Report a cyber security system risk
Access and manage your information
myGov is delivered by Services Australia. When you use myGov, your privacy is protected by law. We have strong security processes and protections in place across our digital platforms. These help protect your myGov account from misuse.
Only authorised and trained staff can access your information in myGov. We only share information with your linked services when we need to or if you’ve asked us to.
Information we collect
All information we collect is stored securely and in line with the
Privacy Act 1988
. We use it to make myGov work and to improve the service.
The myGov
privacy notice
outlines how we collect, hold, use and disclose your information. Information we collect includes:
your email, myGov password and myGov preferences
your full name and date of birth
details about your myGov Inbox messages
records of your activity on myGov.
If you think we’ve mishandled your personal information
Call the
myGov helpdesk
to speak with our staff. If you’re not happy with their response, you can speak with their manager.
You can also
submit a complaint
about myGov through Services Australia. You can use any of the Centrelink, Medicare or Child Support options.
For more information about how to complain about a privacy breach and how we will deal with privacy complaints, go to the
Services Australia Privacy Policy
.
If you’re not satisfied with the response, you can make a
privacy complaint
on the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) website. The OAIC is independent to us.
Report a cyber security system risk
If you find a cyber security risk in myGov, you should report it to Services Australia.
Find out what a cyber security system risk is and how to
report a cyber security system risk
on the Services Australia website.
Please keep your research confidential and do not make it public while we investigate.
Access and manage your information
You can manage most of your personal information through your myGov account settings. Learn more about how to
manage your account
.
Thank you for your feedback
Page last updated:
18 December 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://my.gov.au/en/about/privacy-and-security/mygov-privacy-notice:
Skip to main content
Assistant
Assistant
Home
Privacy and security
myGov privacy notice
myGov privacy notice
Our privacy notice explains how we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information.
It was last updated in March 2025.
myGov is an online digital service run by Services Australia on behalf of the Australian Government. We refer to Services Australia as 'we' or 'us' in this privacy notice.
We also manage the myGov app which is a way to access myGov that you can download to your personal device.
It’s your decision to:
download and use the app
provide myGov or a linked service with information when using the app.
It’s your responsibility to protect information on your device from loss or misuse.
The app may store information you provide or that is provided to you on your device.
To use the app, you must agree to the app terms of use and the myGov terms of use.
Separate privacy notices apply to the
services you link to your myGov account
. When you access a linked service through myGov, you leave myGov and go to their website.
When you link your myGov account to a service, the linked service may:
collect your personal information from myGov
use and disclose your personal information to myGov as set out in this privacy notice, to the extent those actions relate to myGov.
Digital ID and your privacy
You can connect your
Digital ID
to myGov or use it to create a myGov account.
We manage information related to your Digital ID in our capacity as:
a relying party (myGov)
an attribute service provider (myGov).
Relying Party
For Digital ID, myGov is a relying party that participates in the Australian Government Digital ID System by providing services to you.
myGov allows the use of a Digital ID to create or sign into your myGov account, as well as use the trusted credential to recover access to your account.
Attribute service provider
myGov is an accredited attribute service provider within the Australian Government Digital ID System, a legislated Digital ID system.
Attributes are information about you such as your current or previous name, your tax file number, your Medicare number or your driver's licence number.
As an attribute service provider, myGov will generate and manage information about an individual, business or organisation. This information is used to link a myGov account to a myGov service as requested.
There are strict rules that apply to us in providing these services. The Australian Government Digital ID System is legislated by the Digital ID Act. Under the Digital ID Act, accredited service providers must conduct testing and assessments, including:
assurance assessments for protective security, fraud and accessibility and useability
systems testing
privacy impact assessments
cyber security and fraud control
risk assessments
technical testing.
The Digital ID Act requirements that apply to myGov are in addition to obligations imposed by other policies, legislation or regulations, or by any other means.
You can stop the collection of your personal information related to Digital ID by disconnecting your Digital ID.
If you used your Digital ID to create your myGov account, disconnecting your Digital ID will close your myGov account.
Digital ID exchange
You can find out more about how the Digital ID system handles your personal information on the
Digital ID
website.
Services Australia and your privacy
The
Services Australia privacy policy
on our website explains how we handle your personal information. This includes how:
you can access personal information held by Services Australia
you can seek the correction of that information
you can complain about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles
Services Australia will respond to a complaint.
Thank you for your feedback
Page last updated:
14 March 2025
Sub-policy 1
https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/privacy-policy?context=1:
Skip to main content
Listen
If you’ve been affected by Ex-Tropical Cyclone Alfred there’s
support available
.
Dismiss
Policies
Legislation
Privacy Policy
AVTOP privacy notice
CCTV privacy notice
Centrelink data matching activities
Child Care Personnel and Provider Digital Access (PRODA) privacy notice
Child Care Subsidy privacy notice for customers
COVID-19 and influenza (flu) immunisation history statement privacy notice
COVID-19 Vaccine Claims Scheme privacy notice
Data analytics and service improvement privacy notice
Data matching activities for third party organisation data breaches
Disaster Recovery Payment and Disaster Recovery Allowance privacy notice
General Practice training payments consent and privacy notice
Medicare Entitlement Statement consent and privacy notice
National Redress Scheme privacy notice
Organisation Register privacy notice
Students and associated travellers privacy notice
Your right to privacy
Single Touch Payroll data
Work Health and Safety policies
Automation and Artificial Intelligence (AI) use
Environmental Sustainability Policy
Home
About us
Our commitments
Policies
Privacy Policy
Listen
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy explains how we handle your personal information. We’ll update this policy when our information handling practices change.
on this page
What information we collect
How we collect information
Why we collect information
How we store personal information
How we share information outside Australia
How to access and correct information about you
What we do with your Tax File Number (TFN)
How to make a complaint about privacy
We refer to Services Australia as ‘we’ or ‘us’ in this Privacy Policy.
The
Privacy Act 1988
requires us to have a privacy policy.
Our Privacy Policy outlines what kinds of personal and sensitive information we collect, why we collect this information, and how we handle it.
Personal information
is information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable.
Sensitive information
is a subset of personal information and includes information or an opinion about your:
racial or ethnic origin
political opinions
religious beliefs or affiliations
philosophical beliefs
sexual orientation
criminal record
health information
genetic information.
What information we collect
We may collect personal information about you when it’s reasonably necessary for, or directly related to, our functions or activities.
We may collect sensitive information about you:
where you consent
when the collection is authorised or required by law
when the collection is otherwise allowed under the Privacy Act.
The kinds of personal information we may collect includes all of the following.
Information about you, such as your:
name
address
gender
date of birth
contact details.
Information about your circumstances, such as your:
employment status and history
education status
financial situation
cultural and linguistic background
citizenship and visa status
passport and travel movements
health and welfare
disabilities
family circumstances.
Information about your family and other related persons, such as any:
partners
children
dependants
carers
nominees or authorised representatives.
Information about your interactions with us, such as:
applications and claims you’ve made
payments or services we provide you
feedback and complaints
any other special service arrangements.
We may also collect information about you to help us establish and verify your identity and administer records, including:
departmental reference numbers
Department of Veterans’ Affairs (DVA) file numbers
tax file numbers
healthcare identifiers
biometric information such as your Voice Biometrics voiceprint.
We may also collect information about how you use our online services and applications, such as:
pages you visit
online forms you fill in
your interactions
your chats with our virtual assistants
your language preferences
searches you make.
You can read more about the
collection of personal information
.
How we collect information
We collect your personal information through a variety of channels. This includes paper forms or notices, search warrants, online portals, mobile applications, correspondence, face to face or over the telephone.
We may also collect your personal information from third parties including other government agencies:
as a result of a tip-off
when undertaking data matching
through administering legislation
in the lodgement of a complaint
in the context of enforcement activities
when administering whole-of-government online services.
When your personal information is collected from a third party, we take steps to inform you. This may occur through this Privacy Policy, application forms, notices or discussions with our staff.
Social networking services
We use social networking services such as Facebook, X, YouTube, Instagram and Yammer to talk with the public and our staff. When you talk with us using these services we may collect your personal information to communicate with you and the public.
The social networking service will also handle your personal information for its own purposes. These services have their own privacy policies. You can access the privacy policies for these services on their websites.
Data exchanges
We exchange data with other agencies through technical pathways such as the digital gateway. We do this under relevant legislation to collect accurate and up-to-date information about customers. We can also assist other agencies to exchange data using the same pathways.
Data matching
Data matching is where we compare income information collected from you with information held by other organisations, such as the Australian Taxation Office (ATO). We do this to help deliver the payments and services you’re eligible for.
We prepare Programme Protocols for our data matching programs, in accordance with guidelines issued by the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). Read about
Centrelink program data matching activities
.
CCTV
We collect closed circuit television (CCTV) images of you when you attend our service centres, and we may share those images with other service centres in certain circumstances. We do this to help deliver services safely and securely.
Read our
privacy notice about CCTV
.
Why we collect information
We collect personal information about you where it is reasonably necessary for, or directly related to, one or more of our functions or activities.
To deliver payments and services
We may collect your personal information when it is reasonably necessary for delivering payments or services. For example, we may collect your personal information to:
confirm your identity
communicate with you, including by SMS or email
provide advice about available support
ensure correct payments are made
verify data provided in relation to claims and reviews with third parties
investigate fraud, including internal fraud and the assessment of payment eligibility
manage complaints and feedback
participate in merits and judicial review matters
manage and respond to requests for information
administer and provide online services, including myGov
act as an accredited entity, specifically the Identity Exchange Provider and as an attribute service provider within the Australian Government Digital ID system
act as an accredited participant, operating the Digital Identity exchange within the Australian Government Digital ID system.
The reasons we collect your personal information will depend on the payments and services you access or are seeking. Read why we collect your personal information for:
Medicare and Health Programs
Aged Care
Centrelink
Child Support
National Redress Scheme
.
We may use your information with automated decision-making systems and tools to help us deliver payments and services to you. This helps us improve the efficiency and accuracy of the payments and services we provide to you. We will comply with all applicable laws when using these systems and tools. Our use of these systems and tools does not affect any rights you may have to request a review of a decision we make.
To improve our services
We may use your personal information to conduct statistical analysis and research to improve service delivery. We’ll contact you or a trusted research company will on our behalf. Our contracts with each research company contain legal binding provisions to protect your privacy.
We only give contracted research companies the details they need to contact you when they need it for their research. Your information stays confidential and is:
not used for any purpose except for the specific research activity
not given to anyone else
destroyed or returned to us when the research is over.
Read about
how we use research and surveys to improve our services
.
For employment and recruitment
We collect personal information to establish and maintain records for the employment and recruitment of staff. You can read about the information we collect for
employment purposes
.
To work better across the agency
Your personal information may be shared across our Centrelink, Child Support and Medicare service areas if you have given your consent or the sharing of your information is authorised or required by law.
To make dealing with government easier for you
We administer platforms such as myGov and the Digital ID Exchange to deliver more convenient, accessible and efficient services. In doing so, we work with other Australian Government agencies, state and territory agencies and third parties. Your personal information may be shared for the purposes of developing and administering these platforms if either:
you have given your consent
the sharing of your information is authorised or required by law.
We are approved to provide accredited services within the Australian Government Digital ID System as an identity exchange provider and an attribute service provider. We provide these services as:
the Digital ID Exchange, which supports the connection of relying parties with accredited services
myGov, which issues and manages the myGov linkID attribute.
There are strict rules that apply to us in providing these services. The Australian Government Digital ID system is legislated by the Digital ID Act. Under the Digital ID Act, accredited Digital ID service providers must conduct testing and assessments, including:
assurance assessments for protective security, fraud and accessibility and useability
systems testing
privacy impact assessments
cyber security and fraud risk assessments
technical testing.
The Digital ID Act requirements that apply to myGov and the Digital ID Exchange are in addition to obligations imposed by other policies, legislation or regulations, or by any other means.
We manage your personal information in performing our role as an accredited identity exchange provider and attribute service provider within the Australian Government Digital ID System. To find out more about how the Digital ID Exchange does this, read the privacy information on the Digital ID Exchange website:
privacy notice
privacy policy
.
To understand more about how myGov manages your personal information, read the
myGov privacy notice
.
This privacy policy applies to myGov’s activities as an attribute service provider in the Australian Government Digital ID System.
Only when required or authorised with third parties
We may disclose your information to Australian Government agencies, state and territory agencies and third parties, where required or authorised by law. The disclosure of your personal information will depend on the payments or services to which the information relates.
To help our community in a time of emergency or disaster
In some circumstances, we may share information to support people who have been affected by a disaster or emergency. This could include sharing information with agencies and organisations as part of the emergency response or recovery effort. We may, for example, share information to help affected individuals to access financial or other assistance from charities, as well as from Australian government agencies.
Read
who we can share your personal information with
.
To provide you with a more personalised experience
We may use information about your online experience to help us improve our services.
We may need to share your personal information if we’re authorised or required by law to do so.
Read our privacy notice about
data analytics and service improvement
.
To train Australian Public Service Senior Executive Service officers
We provide training to Senior Executive Service (SES) officers across the Australian Public Service to give them a better understanding of the agency’s service delivery work.
This training teaches them about implementing government policies related to social welfare and health programs.
If you give your consent, SES officers may listen to and observe face-to-face and telephone interactions with you. During the training, we may use or disclose your personal information and the personal information of others, if relevant.
Participating SES officers will not record any personal information shared during the training.
Your participation is voluntary. You may decline to provide consent and there are no consequences for doing so.
How we store personal information
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information against misuse, interference and loss, and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. These steps include:
storing paper records securely as per Australian government security guidelines
only accessing personal information on a need-to-know basis and by authorised personnel
monitoring system access which can only be accessed by authenticated credentials
ensuring our buildings are secure
regularly updating and auditing our storage and data security systems.
When no longer required, we destroy or archive personal information in a secure manner.
Data hosted for other agencies
We gather and store personal information on behalf of other agencies including in our data lake storage repository.
We do this in a similar way to a cloud service provider. We keep the hosted data separate from our own data and protect it with strict access controls. This means we don’t have control over the hosted data.
Send requests or complaints about hosted data to the agency the personal information belongs to. If we get a request or complaint about hosted data, we’ll send it to the agency it belongs to.
Secrecy
In addition, our staff are bound by secrecy provisions that regulate information we collect for social security, family assistance, health, child support and redress law. These secrecy provisions restrict the access, use and communication of protected information, including within the agency.
How we share information outside Australia
We may disclose your personal information overseas, such as to a foreign government or agency, where:
the disclosure is required or authorised by law, or
international information sharing arrangements are in place.
This may be more likely if you, your partner or dependants, or the other party to your Child Support case, live or have lived overseas, or are travelling overseas.
Under international information sharing arrangements we can either:
collect and disclose information about you where it is requested by an overseas authority
request information about you from an overseas authority.
While these arrangements differ, overseas authorities may have agreed to only use information for the purposes of the arrangements, and in accordance with relevant privacy obligations.
Read about the countries which have international information sharing arrangements in place:
Reciprocal Health Care Agreement
Reciprocating Jurisdictions and Residency for Child Support
International Social Security Agreements
.
How to access and correct information about you
You have the right to both ask:
for access to personal information that we hold about you
that we correct personal information we hold about you.
If you ask, we must give you access to your personal information, and take reasonable steps to correct it if we consider it is incorrect, unless there is a law that allows or requires us not to.
We will notify you in writing, and explain our reasons if we refuse to give you access to, or correct, your personal information.
You can access and correct most of your details online using
self service
.
If you can’t use self service, read how to:
access information
contact us
.
Updating information about you
To ensure you are only accessing payments and services you are eligible for it’s important to tell us if your
circumstances change
.
You can do this yourself using
self service
.
What we do with your Tax File Number (TFN)
We adhere to the Privacy (Tax File Number) Rule 2015 for the collection, storage, use, disclosure, security and disposal of TFN information.
Specific purposes why we may request your TFN
We may request your TFN to:
administer various payments, and
comply with legislation referred to in section 8WA(1AA) of the
Taxation Administration Act 1953.
You do not have to give us your TFN. However, if you don’t provide it, or authorise us to access it from the Australian Taxation Office, there may be financial consequences.
If you give us your TFN, we will only use it where you consent, or where the use is authorised or required by law.
Prohibitions and penalties for unauthorised collection and use of TFN information
Under the Privacy (Tax File Number) Rule 2015 and the
Taxation Administration Act 1953
it is an offence if we either:
require, request or collect TFN information for unauthorised purposes
record, use or disclose TFN information unless permitted under taxation, personal assistance or superannuation law.
A breach of the Privacy (Tax File Number) Rule 2015 is considered an interference with privacy under the Privacy Act
.
Where a breach of privacy is very serious, the Australian Information Commissioner may seek a civil penalty under the Privacy Act.
A breach of the
Taxation Administration Act 1953
may result in maximum penalty of a $21,000 fine (100 penalty units), 2 years imprisonment or both.
There may also be other penalties under taxation, superannuation or personal assistance laws.
If you think your TFN information has been mishandled, you can make a complaint with the
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
(OAIC). The OAIC is independent to us.
Further details about the TFN rules
Read the
Privacy (Tax File Number) Rule 2015
and the
Taxation Administration Act 1953
on the federal register of legislation website.
The OAIC has made the following information available to you to protect your TFN information:
Protecting your tax file number information
Privacy business resource 12: The Privacy (Tax File Number) Rule 2015 and the protection of tax file number information
.
How to make a complaint about privacy
If you wish to complain about how we’ve handled your personal information, first try to resolve the issue with the person you’ve been dealing with. If you’re not satisfied, you can ask to speak to their supervisor.
Read how to make a
complaint or give feedback
.
How we deal with your complaint
We will always respond to your feedback.
We will use the information from your feedback to investigate and resolve individual issues. We will also use the information to provide feedback to staff or our business areas. Your information will be stored and used to assist us to improve the delivery of our services.
If we do not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you can
contact OAIC
. The OAIC is independent to us.
This privacy notice outlines how we manage personal information in relation to Australian Victim of Terrorism Overseas Payment (AVTOP).
This privacy notice outlines how we manage personal information collected by closed-circuit television (CCTV).
Matching data is one of the key controls we use to manage the risk of fraud and non-compliance.
This privacy notice outlines how we manage personal information for Child Care Personnel and Provider Digital Access (PRODA).
This privacy notice outlines how we manage personal information in relation to Child Care Subsidy.
This privacy notice outlines how we manage personal information for the COVID-19 and influenza (flu) immunisation history statement.
This privacy notice outlines how we manage personal information for the COVID-19 Vaccine Claims Scheme.
Along with our privacy policy, this notice explains how we collect information about how you interact with us online.
Matching data is one of the key controls we use to assist customers in preventing fraud and non-compliance.
The privacy and security of your personal information is important to us and is protected by law.
We collect and use information to support eligible Practices, Supervisors and Registrars participating in the Australian General Practice Training Program.
We collect, use and disclose information to process, assess and support applications for a Medicare Entitlement Statement.
This privacy notice outlines how we manage personal information for the National Redress Scheme.
This privacy notice outlines how we manage personal information for the Organisation Register.
This privacy notice outlines how we use personal information when we arrange travel for students and associated travellers.
You have a right to have your personal information kept private. We adhere to laws in social security, health, child support, redress and disability services.
Was this page useful?
No
Yes
Why?
Tell us about your experience:
It was well written
It was helpful to me
The content makes sense
The layout or style made it easy to read
Something else
Or share a
complaint or feedback
.
Why not?
Tell us about your experience:
It was not helpful to me
The content is confusing
The layout or style made it difficult to read
I got a technical error
It was poorly written
Something else
Or share a
complaint or feedback
.
Thank you for your feedback.
Page last updated: 5 March 2025.
QC 24196
This information was printed 17 March 2025 from
https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/privacy-policy
. It may not include all of the relevant information on this topic. Please consider any relevant site notices at
https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/site-notices
when using this material.
Printed link references
Sub-policy 2
https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints:
We use cookies on this site
We use cookies to analyse traffic and to improve your browsing experience on our website. To find out more, read our
privacy policy
.
Close
Skip to main content
Privacy
Privacy complaints
Privacy complaints
The
Privacy Act 1988
has strict rules about how an organisation or agency handles your personal information. If you think they’ve mishandled it, you can lodge a complaint with us.
Listen
What you can complain about
You may complain if your personal information is mishandled
How we investigate and resolve your complaint
We're an impartial third party when handling your complaint
Your complaint review rights
You have the right to appeal our decision or determination
External dispute resolution schemes
Schemes we recognise to handle privacy-related complaints
How to ...
Complain to an organisation or agency
Do this first, before complaining to us
Lodge a privacy complaint with us
You can complain to us in writing
Representative complaints
Privacy complaint: immigration data breach
Class privacy complaint against the Department of Immigration and Border Security, our notice to those affected and our determination
Representative complaint: Medibank data breach
The Information about the representative complaint against Medibank Private Limited arising out of the 2022 Medibank data breach, and our notice to those affected.
Handling of personal information by Dymocks Pty Ltd
The information about the representative complaint against Dymocks Pty Ltd resulting from a data breach in 2023
Representative complaint: handling of personal information by Ticketek Pty Ltd
Did you find this helpful?
Yes
No
We'd love to hear more!
Please tell us more
Rate your experience
We'd love to hear more about your rating
What did you come here to do?
How can we improve this information?
⨯
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin