Our Terms
Don’t worry they’re simpler than they look
Terms of use
Card Terms
Gold Account Terms
Silver Terms
Metals Account Terms
Fees
Privacy Notice
Terms of use
Card Terms
Gold Account Terms
Silver Terms
Metals Account Terms
Fees
Privacy Notice
Glint Pay Services Limited Privacy Notice
Effective as of 27th May 2022
Our contact details
Glint Pay Services Ltd, Kemp House, 124 City Road, London, EC1V 2NX, United Kingdom.
Client Services and Compliance can be contacted on +44 (0)203 915 8111 or support@glintpay.com
Glint Pay Services Limited (“Glint”) are a “Data Controller” registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office under number ZA201362. Please contact Mark Follows, Chief Compliance Officer for all data protection matters.
What type of information we have
We collect and process a range of personal information about you during application and throughout your business relationship with us. For example:
• personal identifiers your first, middle and last name, date of birth and nationality; • contact details and characteristics such as your address, country of residence; • any identification numbers; • location data; • online identifiers such as any IP addresses and cookie identifiers which may be personal data; and • information about individuals acting as sole traders, employees, partners and company directors.
This list is not exhaustive.
Use of Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
We use various technologies to collect and store information related to your use of our services. This is to personalise our services and to collect information about usage that will help them improve them. We may collect and store information locally on your device, and we may also use cookies – small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your browser (if you agree) that enables those systems to recognise your browser and remember certain information. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our service or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. If you want to know how to do this please look at the help menu on your browser. However, switching off cookies may severely restrict your use of the Glint service and many other sites.
How we get the information and why we do we have it
Glint collect information from your application, from you during the business relationship we have established and if need be from open source information or electronic databases for example Credit Reference Bureaus or National Identity Databases.
Glint have a number of lawful bases for processing your personal data:
1. we rely on your consent to process your personal data for a specific purpose, and you have the right to withdraw consent by contacting us using the information provided in this Privacy Notice; 2. the processing is necessary for a contract Glint have with you (also referred to as a business relationship). Please note we will also ask you to take specific steps before entering into a contract; and 3. the processing is necessary for Glint to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations). For example, we collect and store personal data in line with the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017.
What we do with the information
We use information held about you in the following ways: • to carry out our obligations arising from any transactions you enter into with us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us; • for sending a Peer to Peer (“P2P”) transaction. Please note when entering into a P2P transaction you consent to share your personal data with the recipient you have selected – this includes your full name; • to verify your identity in line with our legal and regulatory obligations; • to confirm your eligibility to use our products and services; • to notify you about changes to our products or service; • to administer our website and app for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; • as part of our efforts to keep our digital and physical environments safe and secure; • to measure or understand the effectiveness of our communications with you. We may associate any category of information with any other category of information and will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this notice for as long as it is combined. We will disclose your personal information to third parties: • if Glint or substantially all of Glint’s assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by Glint about its clients will be one of the transferred assets; and • where we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request. The data that we collect from you may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for Glint or for one of our third-party service providers for example for anti-fraud monitoring. We will always securely destroy or dispose of your personal data when we no longer are required to store or process it.
Third Party who we share with
We share data and information with: • For Know Your Client checks and Transaction Monitoring: o GPS; o HooYu; o W2; and o Sphonic. • HubSpot for Client Relationship Management;
How we store your information
Your information is securely stored using our cloud based provider. We store your personal data in our systems and internal secure storage.
Our cloud provider gives Glint ownership and control over provided content and we can determine where our content will be stored. We can secure content in transit and at rest, and manage our access to cloud services and resources for Glint clients.
Please note that once you have been through our “Know Your Client” onboarding process, Glint must comply with record keeping obligations set out in The Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 (Note: retention period is 5 years from request to close your account or delete your data).
Your data protection rights
Under data protection law, you have rights including: • your right of access: you have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information; • your right to rectification: you have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete; • your right to erasure: you have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances. Please note: o the UK information Commissioner (“ICO”) says: “Under Article 17 of the GDPR individuals have the right to have personal data erased. This is also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’. The right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances”. o the ICO says: “The right to erasure does not apply if processing is necessary for one of the following reasons…….to comply with a legal obligation”. o Glint have “overriding legitimate grounds for the processing” (art 17 (1) (c) of GDPR). This is because we must comply with record keeping obligations set out in The Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 • your right to restriction of processing: you have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances; • your right to object to processing: you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances; • your right to data portability: you have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances; • you are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. Please contact us using the details at the top of this privacy notice if you wish to make a request.
How to complain
Please contact us using the details at the top of this privacy notice if you wish to make a request. You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data.
The ICO’s address: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF. Helpline number: 0303 123 1113