Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
​
Nautilus Mobile Pvt. Ltd. respects the privacy rights of its customers and protects the personal information collected, stored and used in connection with Nautilus Mobile Pvt. Ltd. products and services (the “Services”). To further this commitment, we have adopted this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to guide how we collect, store, and use the information you provide us.
1. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information submitted and collected through the Services. By installing, using, registering to or otherwise accessing the Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not install, use, register to or otherwise access the Services. Nautilus reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of the Services will signify your acceptance to the changes to this Privacy Policy.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personal Information
To access the Services, Nautilus may collect information about you, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. The types of personal information collected in conjunction with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity. The requested Personal Information may include, but are not limited to: (i) your name, (ii) mailing address, (iii) telephone number, (iv) email address, (v) photo or other images, (vi) credit card information, and (vii) location. Parents. You may choose not to provide certain information, but in doing so you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
Non-Personal Information
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Non-Personal Information” means information that does not directly identify you. Nautilus may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain Non-Personal Information that does not directly enable Nautilus to identify you. The types of Non-Personal Information Nautilus may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to IP address or other persistent or non-persistent device identifier (“Device ID”); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) game progress, time used playing, score and achievements; (v) other Non-Personal Information as reasonably required by Nautilus to enhance the Services and other Nautilus products and services.
3. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Nautilus may use your Personal Information to send you messages about our company or our features, products or services, or promotional material from some of our partners, or to contact you when necessary unless you have not consented to allow Nautilus to use your data.
Nautilus also may use your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information, both individually or combined together, for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for product development, for content improvement, for customer support and technical support, to manage and provide the Services, and to customize content and layout of the Services.
Names, postal and e-mail addresses and phone numbers collected may be added to our databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events and the status of orders placed online.
Nautilus does not sell or rent your Personal Information to third-parties for marketing purposes without your consent. Nautilus may share your Personal Information you provide with Nautilus subsidiaries and related companies. Nautilus may share Personal Information with business partners that assist Nautilus in providing you services. Nautilus is committed to giving you the choice whether or not Nautilus uses your information for marketing purposes or shares information with business partners.
Third Party Data Policy
This app contains a software development kit (“SDK”) from a third party, Red Brick Lane Marketing Solutions Private Limited (“RBL”). The SDK is integrated with this app for the purposes of profiling the device on media consumption and other device data and utilizing the same to target relevant content and ads to the device (“Services”) pursuant to the terms and conditions of RBL Services (“Terms of Use”). Further details can be obtained at
http://www.zapr.in/privacy/
.
If you do not wish for RBL to identify television, radio and other offline content viewing around your mobile device, please opt out of all RBL Services via the following link:
http://www.zapr.in/privacy/
.
RBL does not collect any personally identifiable information or audio/ video/image/contact files from your mobile device. For any questions or clarifications please reach out to
privacy@zapr.in
.
RBL also automatically receives and tracks certain data about your mobile device (such as your device-type, installed software and language preference) or desktop interface, your taps and interests; and may create a unique device or user ID for you. In some cases RBL can automatically detect or infer your location using GPS, your IP address, watermarks and/or Bluetooth, but often your operating system will require you to grant RBL permission to access your GPS or Bluetooth settings; please refer to your device’s system settings regarding location services.
4. COLLECTION AND USE OF CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Services comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). Nautilus does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Services. In addition, in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 within the Services or in connection with any Content or Software, Nautilus will not collect, store or use any personal information of such user. Further, in the event that Nautilus receives personal information that Nautilus discovers was provided by a child under the age of 13, Nautilus will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
5. SAFEGUARDS
Nautilus maintains appropriate safeguards that ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the personal information we collect and store about our account holders, including children under 13. Personal information collected by Nautilus is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible to authorized employees.
​
6. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES OR SERVICES
You should be aware that the Services may from time to time contain links to third-party sites, products or services. Nautilus is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites or services. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain third party, we recommend that you read the privacy policy of the site or service to which you link before you submit any personal information.
7. ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
Nautilus makes good faith efforts to enable you to review, update or correct your personal information in Nautilus’s possession. In order to do so, please contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at
support@nautilusmobile.com
. Nautilus will need sufficient information from you to establish your identity and to verify your access request, and also to assist us in handling your request. Please note that even if personal information is changed or deleted according to your request, Nautilus may still retain some of your personal information to resolve disputes, enforce Nautilus user agreement(s), and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Services.
​
8. Sharing Your Information
We may share personal information with the following categories of parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection:
With our affiliates for the purposes described in this Policy, including to assess job applicants, progress the recruitment process, and respond to inquiries;
With our service providers who help us perform and deliver our services, including: website management, hosting, and analytics; communications; form processing; information technology and security; job application systems providers; recruitment providers; and auditing;
With tournament operators who operate and broadcast tournaments of the game for purpose of inviting you  to participate and be part of e-sports tournaments. This shall include Rooter Spots Private Limited, Jet Skyesports Private Limited and other parties which will be updated from time to time for your information. Such Parties will use this data strictly in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
With the appropriate authorities if we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical, financial, or other harm, injury, or loss, including to protect against fraud or credit risk;
With legal, governmental, or judicial authorities as instructed or required by those authorities and applicable laws, or in relation to a legal activity, such as in response to a subpoena or investigation of suspected illicit or illegal activities, or where we believe in good faith that users may be engaged in illicit or illegal activities, or where we are bound by contract or law to enable a network partner to comply with applicable laws; and
With necessary third parties in connection with, or during negotiations for, an acquisition, merger, asset sale, or other similar business transfer that involves all or substantially all of our assets or functions where personal information is transferred or shared as part of the business assets.
​​
9. GDPR Compliance
Nautilus Mobile is the sole data controller but does not own or direct the use of any stored client/user information. The user holds the right to request access to the information held on them or restrict processing of the same. The user also holds the right to erasure, right of rectification/objection of personal data.
Most of our services do not require any form of Registration, allowing you to visit our application without telling us who you are. However some services might require your personal data (eg. Creating an account). In such situations, if you choose to withhold any personal data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain complete access to our application and for us to respond to your query.
If you have any queries or would like to know more information including to exercise any of your rights related to data protection/removal of account data you may contact us through our support Email ID -
support@nautilusmobile.com
DISCLAIMER
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners and we make no warranty or representation in respect of them.
​
​
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, or your dealings with this Site or App, please contact us by using one of the following communication channels.
Grievance Officer Information
Name: Arvind Gaud
Contact:
support@nautilusmobile.com
Contact Number :  +91 8956085187
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.zapr.in/privacy/:
This site can’t be reached
Check if there is a typo in
www.zapr.in
.
If spelling is correct,
try running Windows Network Diagnostics
.
DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_NXDOMAIN
Reload
Check if there is a typo in
www.zapr.in
.