Pen To Print - Privacy Policy
Serendi systems LTD ("us", "we", or "our") operates the www.pen-to-print.com website and the Pen to Print mobile application and the Pen to Print - Handwriting OCR API (together, the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use While using our Service
We do not collect any personal identifying information. Any information stored on our systems, is stored anonymously and cannot be linked to any specific user.
                    In some cases, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally basic identifiable information (such as e-mail address, or contact details), that can be used only to contact or identify you. 
                    Our Services essence is scanning various handwritings in order to convert them to text. We do not share these scans with any third party, and do not use them other than for providing and improving the Services or internal statistical purposes. In some cases we store scans, anonymously, in our servers for the sole purpose of improving the Service. These scans cannot be linked to any specific user. 
                    We make our best endeavors to protect this information, and to disconnect it from any personal or identifiable attachments. However, we cannot, and will not, be responsible for any unintentional disclosure of it. You are required to review all information included in your handwritings before uploading it to the Service.  In order to comply with our policy, of not storing any personal information linked to specific user, you are requested not to scan any personal and/or sensitive and/or confidential and/or identifying information.  You hereby declare and agree that all the content of your scans on this Service upholds such terms.
                    Since we cannot control or monitor the handwritings received by our System, we urge you not to upload any sensitive and/or personal and/or confidential information (of you or of others), and/or any other information that you do want others to review or that is most likely that others will not want it to be revealed, and/or any information that harm others or infringe their rights. You hereby declare and agree that all the information you shall provide and/or upload on the Service upholds such terms.
Exception for European Union
In case we will identify that a specific  scan was received from a resident of the European Union we will not store this scan, even for the purpose of improving the Service, and even not anonymously.
Log Data
We may also receive information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Log Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality and for our internal statistical use. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information. We will not use or share this information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies or Data Files
Cookies or data files are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies or data files are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies or data files for ongoing, proper operation of the Service, including the collection of statistical data on the use of the Service, verification of details, customization of the Services to your personal preferences and for information security purposes. They are also used so that it won't be necessary for you to enter your details every time you are revisiting parts of the Services which require registration.
                    You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Some of the cookies or data files expire when you close the browser, while others are saved on your computer's hard disk or device memory.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your scanned handwritings only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena, or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and in order to maintain the confidentiality of the information provided by you when using the Service, we use advanced data encryption technologies. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Therefore, we do not guarantee that our Service will be completely immune to unauthorized access to the information on the Services.
Right to Review Information
You are allowed to review your personal information stored in our database (if any). If you find that information to be incorrect, incomplete or not up-to-date, you may approach us and request that the information be corrected or deleted within 30 days. In such a case, we will delete any personal information linked to you. We will continue to legally store information required for the purpose of managing our business, including the documentation of commercial and other activities you performed in the Services, but this information will no longer be used for contacting you.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. Please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to our servers around the world (most likely in Israel or in the USA) and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Third Party Advertisements
If any advertisements are shown in the Service, then they are received from the computers of those companies. For the purpose of managing advertisements, these companies use cookies or other files with a unique identifier, which are included in the internet pages, and which are intended to assist the collection of information about the views and use of the Services. The information collected is not used to personally identify you, but is only intended to customize the advertisements you are shown in accordance with your fields of interest. The use of cookies and other files made by these companies is subject to their privacy policies, and not to this Company's Privacy Policy. If you wish to review the privacy policies of companies advertising on the Services, you can do this through their websites or applications.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Push Notifications/Alerts
We may send push notifications or alerts to your device, some of them for marketing and advertising purposes. You hereby agree to the receiving of such notifications. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your device (iOS) or by changing your settings within our Services (Android).
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@serendi.me