Home
NexusPay
NexusPay
Privacy Policy of
NexusPay
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our App.
What personal information do we collect from the people who use NexusPay app?
When registering on the app, customer mobiles device IDand mobile number is stored in Dutch Bangla Bank server to identify customer uniquely.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on the app.
How do we use your information?
We use this information to identify the customer device uniquely and to make sure no other device can use the same account at the same time.
What do we do with user’s phone number?
• We use user's mobile number for unique customer identification.
• The mobile number is also used for sending OTP for two factor authentication for enhanced security purpose.
• We keep user’s phone number securely and we do not share the mobile number to other third parties or any other unauthorized people.
What permissions we use and why?
Our app required Internet, Contact, call, SMS and Camera permission. We need internet permission as our app communicate with rocket server through internet, contact permission to make user friendly user interface for TOP Up where user can select his desired contact number from contact list instead of manually enter, call permission to verify the user, SMS permission to populate the security code in the field during registration and Camera permission to scan QR code.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.  We do proper measures to secure your information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may add to, delete, or change the terms of this Policy from time to time by posting a notice of the change (or an amended Policy) on this App. Your continued use of the App or any online service following notification will constitute your agreement to the revised Policy.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
NexusPay
Dutch Bangla Bank Ltd
Dhaka,Bangladesh
E-mail:nexuspay@dutchbanglabank.com
Loading...