Prefer having your items checked by one of our authenticators?
Luxury Authentication Service
Hype Authentication Service
Sneaker Authentication Service
Watch Authentication Service
Bag Authentication Service
Authentication Service
How it works
More
Our experts, your item
How it works
The most trusted service in the industry, explained.
Authentication Service
Send us pics and info, we'll come back with a verdict. As simple as that.
Certificate of Authenticity
Got scammed with fakes? Get your money back, guaranteed
🏅 Subscription
Our Authentication Service, with more benefits. For a monthly subscription.
FAQs
Anything that's unclear? Most of your questions, answered
All the brands we authenticate
See all the brands we authenticate. Can't find your brand? Reach out to us.
Reviews
Check out what people have to say about us! Good
and
bad.
About us
Contact us
Learn how to authenticate
Explore the Library
1,000+ guides on how to authenticate luxury items. 100% free.
What is the Library?
Read more about learning how to authenticate various items.
App
All the guides, simply organized, in a mobile app.
Get YOUR item authenticated
Get YOUR item checked
Prefer having your items checked by one of our authenticators?
Luxury Authentication Service
Hype Authentication Service
Sneaker Authentication Service
Watch Authentication Service
Bag Authentication Service
Privacy Policy
We’ll describe below the agreement in which Legit Check By Ch (“Company”, “we”, “us”, “our” ) and its users are in regards to their privacy.
Identity & access
When you sign up for the Legit Check By Ch products (“Service”, “Services”, “Legit Check By Ch Authentication Service”, “Legit Check App By Ch”, “Legit Check By Ch Organizer”, “Legit Check By Ch Library”), we can ask for your name, email address, billing address, location and information about your items. That’s just so:
You can personalize your account
You can send us relevant data about your item(s)
We can let our third parties check whether there’s a connection between your billing address and your card information
We can send you invoices, updates, or other essential information.
When you pay for the Legit Check By Ch products, we ask for your credit card and billing address. That’s so we can charge you for service, calculate taxes due, and send you invoices. Your credit card is passed directly to our payment processor and doesn’t ever go through our servers. We store a record of the payment transaction, including the last 4 digits of the credit card number, for account history, invoicing, and billing support. We store your billing address to detect fraudulent credit card transactions and to print on your invoices.
When you write our company with a question or to ask for help, we’ll keep that correspondence, and the email address, for future reference. When you browse our marketing pages, we’ll track that for statistical purposes (like conversion rates and to test new designs). We also store any information you volunteer, like surveys, for as long as it makes sense.
The only times we’ll ever share your info:
To provide products or services you’ve requested, with your permission.
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our
Terms of Service
, or as otherwise required by law.
If Legit Check By Ch is acquired by or merged with another company, we’ll notify you well before any info about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Your Rights With Respect to Your Information
GDPR gives people under its protection certain rights with respect to their personal information collected by us on the Site. Accordingly, Legit Check By Ch recognizes and will comply with GDPR and those rights, except as limited by applicable law. The rights under GDPR include:
Right of Access.
This includes your right to access the personal information we gather about you, and your right to obtain information about the sharing, storage, security and processing of that information.
Right to Correction.
This is your right to request correction of your personal information.
Right to Erasure.
This is your right to request, subject to certain limitations under applicable law, that your personal information be erased from our possession (also known as the “Right to be forgotten”). However, if applicable law requires us to comply with your request to delete your information, fulfillment of your request may prevent you from using Legit Check By Ch Services and may result in closing your account.
Right to Complain.
You have the right to make a complaint regarding our handling of your personal information with the appropriate supervisory authority.
Right to Restrict Processing.
This is your right to request restriction of how and why your personal information is used or processed.
Right to Object.
This is your right, in certain situations, to object to how or why your personal information is processed.
Right to Portability.
This is your right to receive the personal information we have about you and the right to transmit it to another party.
Right to not be subject to Automated Decision-Making.
This is your right to object and prevent any decision that could have a legal, or similarly significant, effect on you from being made solely based on automated processes. This right is limited, however, if the decision is necessary for performance of any contract between you and us, is allowed by applicable European law, or is based on your explicit consent.
Many of these rights can be exercised by signing in and directly updating your account information.
When we access or share your information
The only times we’ll ever access or share your info are:
To provide products or services you’ve requested
. We do use some third-party services to run our applications and only to the extent necessary process some or all of your personal information via these third parties. Having subprocessors means we are using technology to access your data.
To help you troubleshoot or squash a software bug, with your permission.
If at any point we need to access your account to help you with a Support case, we will ask for your consent before proceeding.
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential abusive cases.
Accessing a customer’s account when investigating potential abuse is a measure of last resort. We have an obligation to protect the privacy and safety of both our customers and the people reporting issues to us. We do our best to balance those responsibilities throughout the process. If we do discover you are using our products for a restricted purpose, we will report the incident to the appropriate authorities.
When required under applicable law.
If the appropriate law enforcement authorities have the necessary warrant, criminal subpoena, or court order requiring we share data, we have to comply. Otherwise, we flat-out reject requests from local and federal law enforcement when they seek data. And unless we’re legally prevented from it, we’ll always inform you when such requests are made.
Processors we use
As part of the services we provide, and only to the extent necessary, we may use certain third party processors to process some or all of your personal information. We have signed appropriate data processing contracts that comply with GDPR with each processor.
Law enforcement
Legit Check By Ch won’t hand your data over to law enforcement unless a court order says we have to.
Security & Encryption
All data is encrypted via
SSL/TLS
when transmitted from our servers to your browser. We’re doing the best we can to secure your data properly.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. We do use persistent first-party cookies to store certain preferences, make it easier for you to use our applications, and support internal analytic tools. To learn more about cookies, including how to see which cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visit:
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Voluntary correspondence
When you communicate with us (with questions or within the Services we offer), we keep that correspondence for an indefinite number of days, including the email address, message, signature and attachments, so that we have a history of past correspondences to reference if you reach out in the future.
We also store any information you volunteer like surveys. Sometimes when we do customer interviews, we may ask for your permission to record the conversation for future reference or use. We only do so if you give your express consent.
Deleted data
When you cancel your account, we’ll ensure that nothing is stored on our servers past 30 days. Anything you delete on your account while it’s active will also be purged within 30 days (up until then it’s available in the trash can).
Location of Site and Data
This website is operated in the United Kingdom. If you are located outside the United Kingdom, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United Kingdom. By using our website, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
Changes & questions
We may update this policy every once in a while — we’ll notify you about significant changes by emailing the account owner or by placing a prominent notice on our site. You can access, change or delete your personal information at any time by contacting
our support team
.