Website Privacy Statement
Effective Date: 14th September 2024
Introduction
Data privacy is important to Eptura, Inc and its affiliates (“Eptura”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”).
We keep this Privacy Statement updated to communicate with you, in the clearest way possible, how Eptura collects, uses, shares and secures personal information when you use our websites (such as
www.eptura.com
or other Eptura websites that link to this Privacy Statement). It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of personal information. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement contact
privacy@eptura.com
.
By visiting our websites or providing us with your personal information, you consent to the collection, processing, and storage of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Statement does not cover any information or data collected by Eptura through the use our hosted software applications. Please see our
SaaS Privacy Policy
for such details.
About Eptura and the Personal Information We Collect
Eptura is a leading provider of workplace management and optimization software services. We assist companies to run more effectively and efficiently by using our software solutions to improve workflows and workplace management.
Eptura collects, processes and retains information about you when you visit our websites. You may choose to provide us with information, such as your name, email address, company information, telephone number, mailing address, job role, or other information, to access protected information on our websites or so we can follow up with you after your visit.
Passive Collection
As is true of most websites, Eptura or Eptura service providers may gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, the links you click on, other actions you may take when accessing our websites, services or emails, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site. For more information about our use of these technologies and how to control them, see our Cookies and Similar Technologies section below.
User Data Supplementation
We may also receive and combine information about you or your organization from other sources, including publicly available databases, our affiliates or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you.  This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Examples of the types of personal information that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include: marketing data about your organization from third parties that is combined with information we already have about you to create more tailored advertising and products.
Eptura Collects, Holds and Uses Personal Information as Necessary
Eptura will retain Personal Information we process for duration and as necessary for valid business purposes. Eptura will retain this Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Eptura uses the information collected about you to:
Provide you with the support you may request;
Respond to your inquiries or to fulfill your requests;
Diagnose website technical problems;
Send you information that we believe may be of interest to you, such as product announcements, newsletters, educational materials and upcoming events;
Send you administrative information such as notices related to product, service or policy changes;
Understand how our websites and services are being used;
Personalize your experience on our websites and present products, features or news that are tailored to your interests;
Prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activity; and
As described to you when we collect the information.
Disclosure
Eptura does not share, sell, rent, or trade personal information collected through its websites with third parties for their sole promotional purposes or as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Statement. Eptura may share information with third party service providers contracted to provide services on our behalf. These services may include cloud computing infrastructure, sending marketing communication and conducting research and analysis. These third party service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Eptura will not otherwise disclose your personal information to a third party outside of our affiliates without your express consent, except for third parties which we utilize for the purposes of communications, in which case those third parties will receive your personal information in order for us to provide the communications. However, you should be aware that Eptura may be required to disclose your personal information without your consent in order to comply with any court orders, subpoenas, or other legal process or investigation including by tax authorities, if such disclosure is required by law, where possible and appropriate, to protect your rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, we will notify you if we are required by law to disclose your personal information.
Cookies and Similar Technology
Eptura and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website.
We partner with a third party to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, please refer to these sites. Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out and (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
). Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Third-Party Websites
This website contains links to other sites that Eptura does not own or control and whose privacy practices may differ from those of Eptura. Please be aware that Eptura is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our websites. We recommend that you read the privacy statement of each website that collects personal information, as their privacy statement will govern any personal information you submit to those sites. This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by Eptura websites.
Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our websites that may contain personal information such as the customer’s name, photograph and/or social media links. We obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. If you wish to request the removal of your testimonial, contact us at
privacy@eptura.com
Social Media Features and Widgets
Our websites include social media features, such as YouTube videos, the Facebook Like button, and widgets such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.
Security
Eptura employs industry standard security measures to ensure the security of information. However, the security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be guaranteed. Eptura is not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses of information. Users of our sites are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID, or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of any Eptura websites. In order to protect you and your information, Eptura may suspend your use of a website, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected. Access to and use of password protected and/or secure area of any Eptura site is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited and may lead to criminal prosecution.
You May Request Access to Personal Information
Upon request, Eptura will provide with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If at any time after registering for information, your personal information changes, you may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information, or withdraw consent by sending us a request specifying updated information or your new choice. Simply send your request to
privacy@eptura.com
or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
You can Opt-Out of any Email Communications
If at any time you decide that you no longer wish to receive email communication from us, you can choose to be removed from any mailing list by following the “unsubscribe” link within our email communication, or by sending your request to
privacy@eptura.com
or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as necessary to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us via the information below. We will respond to your request to access or delete your information within 30 days. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Eptura Has a Privacy Complaints Process
Eptura commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding policy should first contact Eptura at:
privacy@eptura.com
or by regular mail addressed to: Data Privacy Officer, Eptura, 950 East Paces Ferry Road, NE, Suite 800, Atlanta GA 30326.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Statement or if you need to update, change or remove information or if you would like to lodge a complaint about how we handled your privacy information, you can do so by contacting
privacy@eptura.com
or by regular mail addressed to: Data Privacy Officer, Eptura, 950 East Paces Ferry Road, NE, Suite 800, Atlanta GA 30326.
Ready to learn more?
Sign up to stay in the loop on new product updates, the latest innovations in worktech, and tips & tricks to help you work your world.
*
Company Email*
*
By submitting this form, you agree to the processing of your personal data by Eptura as described in the
Privacy Statement
Submit
Keep me updated
Stay connected
Like us
Follow us
Subscribe
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://eptura.com/terms/saas-privacy-policy/:
SaaS privacy policy
Effective Date: 14th September 2024
1. Introduction
Eptura, Inc. (collectively, “we,” “us,” “our,” or “Company”) also refers any of our corporate affiliates or subsidiaries, respect the privacy of our customers and individuals who use our services. This SaaS Privacy Notice (“Notice”) is made available to you to describe how we collect, use, and share personal data we process on behalf of our Customers when you use our hosted software applications (“Services”). It also describes your choices regarding the use, access and correction of your Personal Information that we process in the course of fulfilling our obligations as a service provider according to the Eptura Services Agreement (“Services Agreement”) executed between Eptura and our customer (“Customer”). Customer may be your employer, or if you are an independent contractor, they may be the entity that has engaged you to provide your services to them.
This Notice does not cover any information or data collected by Eptura for other purposes, such as information collected for marketing purposes. Please see the
Website Privacy Policy
for more information.
2. About Eptura and the Personal Information We Collect
Eptura is a global worktech company that provides software solutions for people, workplaces and assets to enable everyone to reach their full potential. While using our Services, Customers and their authorized users input or transfer electronic data into the Eptura systems (“Customer Data”). Customer Data may include an individual’s name, email address, unique identifier(s), phone number(s), company position, business unit, cost center and location within Customer’s workplace (“Personal Information”).
3. Retention of Personal Information
Eptura will retain Personal Information we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide Services to our Customer and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
4. Transfers of Personal Information
Eptura is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives from Customers and any onward transfers to third parties acting on our behalf in compliance with applicable law, including but not limited to, the Australian Privacy Act 1988; California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”); the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and its respective national implementing legislations; the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection; the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”); and the United Kingdom Data Protection Act 2018 (in each case, as amended, adopted, or superseded from time to time).
Eptura Services and sites are primarily provided and hosted from the United States; however, we may transfer, and process, your personal data outside of the country in which you are resident to a country that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). Any such transfers will be performed consistent with the Service Agreement between Eptura and our Customers. When transferring data across borders, we will make sure that an appropriate transfer agreement is in place to protect Personal Information
Certain recipients (our service providers and other companies) who process Personal Information on our behalf may also transfer personal data outside the country in which you are resident. Where such transfers occur, we will make sure that an appropriate transfer agreement is put in place to protect Personal Information.
If you are a resident of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we will protect Personal Information when it is transferred outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland by processing it in a territory which the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection for personal data or we will rely on the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission.
5. How We Collect Personal Information
5.1 From Customers
Eptura processes Customer Data under the direction of Customers and has no direct control or ownership of the Personal Information it receives or processes. If you are an authorized user of one of our Customers and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Customers that use our Service, please contact the Customer that you interact with directly. Customers are responsible for complying with regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the data to Eptura for processing purposes
5.2 From You
Eptura may collect Personal Information directly from you. This information may be collected when:
you register to use the Services
you use the Services, or another application that the Services are embedded in (eg. as a mobile application provided by Eptura’s Customer)
you contact the Eptura Support team
you use your work PC to access the Services
you pass through a security checkpoint at one of our Customer’s premises.
you access our website
5.3 Passive Collection
As is true of most websites and web applications, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the features viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, usage, change history, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
6. You May Request Access, Changes and/or Removal to/of Your Personal Information
Eptura acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate Personal Information should first direct your query to Eptura’s Customer (the data controller), or second by emailing your request to privacy@eptura.com
Eptura will process your request as soon as reasonably practicable, or within a reasonable timeframe, provided we are not otherwise prevented from doing so on legal grounds. If we are unable to meet your request, we will let you know why. For example, it may be necessary for us to deny your request if it would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy or affairs of other individuals, or if it is not reasonable and practicable for us to process your request in the manner you have requested. In some circumstances, it may be necessary for us to seek to arrange access to your personal information through a mutually agreed intermediary (for example, our Customer).
7. Customer Obligations Around Personal Information
Through our Customer’s use of the Services, Eptura may collect information about our Customer’s personnel from our Customer. Similarly, through your use of the Services, Eptura may also collect information from you about someone else.
In either case, if you or our Customer (each an “Information Provider”) provide Eptura with Personal Information about someone else, the Information Provider must ensure that they are authorized to disclose that information to Eptura and that, without Eptura taking any further steps required by applicable data protection or privacy laws, Eptura may collect, use and disclose such information for the purposes described in this Notice.
This means that if required by applicable law, the Information Provider must take reasonable steps to ensure the individual concerned is aware of and/or consents to the various matters detailed in this Notice, including the fact that their Personal Information is being collected, the purposes for which that information is being collected, the intended recipients of that information, the individual’s right to obtain access to that information, Eptura’s identity, and how to contact Eptura.
Where requested to do so by Eptura, the Information Provider must also assist Eptura with any requests by the individual to access or update the Personal Information it has collected from them and entered into the Service.
It is your responsibility to ensure that the Personal Information provided to us is accurate, complete, and up to date.
8. Eptura Collects, Holds and Uses Your Personal Information for Limited Purposes
8.1 To Provide the Services
The use of Personal Information collected through the Services is limited to the purpose of providing the Service in the Service Agreement. Eptura uses your information to provide the Services to you, including to verify your identity when you log in, communicate with you about the Service, prevent or address service or technical problems, respond to support issues, provide transaction histories, produce de-identified industry trends/benchmarks, or otherwise operate, maintain, and improve the Services. We may also use your information when responding to Customer’s instructions or as may be required by law in accordance with the Services Agreement.
We analyze information about how people use our services, such as information about your use of facilities, statistics about general room utilization by type, and other activity germane to the work environment and office and facilities management, to identify trends, usage, activity patterns, and to develop new products, features, and technologies that benefit our users. With user consent as a user where required, we also test and analyze certain new features with some Customers before rolling the feature out to all Customers.
For example, we may use aggregated data to produce de-identified industry trends/benchmarks that allow users to benchmark their utilization of the Services against how others use our Services. When aggregate data is used or displayed to our users, we leverage analytics techniques that hash, filter, or otherwise scrub the information to exclude information that might identify you as an individual or your organization.
8.2 To Secure the Services
We use information about you and your use of the Services to verify accounts and activity, to detect, prevent, and respond to potential or actual security incidents and to monitor and protect against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, including violations of service policies.
8.3 To Protect our Legitimate Interests and Legal Rights
Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, including our Customers, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.
We process this information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so. This means we process your information only when:
We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features, and to protect the safety and security of the Services;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to secure the Services, or to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose (limited to specific Services); or
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g. your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.
9. What does Eptura’s Customer do with the Information?
How Eptura’s Customer uses your Personal Information will be subject to the Customer’s internal policies, which will indicate how it uses the information including any disclosure to third parties.
10. Can I Withhold My Personal Details?
If you do not consent to us collecting, using, and storing your Personal Information we may be unable to provide the Services to our Customer.
In limited circumstances, you may be able to use a pseudonym. Please direct any such requests to the Eptura Customer.
11. Eptura Takes Steps to Protect Your Personal Information
Eptura is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information and we take all reasonable precautions to protect it from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. We maintain a comprehensive, written information security program that contains industry standard, administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to prevent unauthorized access to our Customer’s Data. We also use appropriate industry-standard security technology as agreed with our Customer to ensure that your information is protected. When we no longer need your Personal Information, we will take all reasonable steps required to de-identify or destroy it.
12. Eptura only Discloses Personal Information in Limited Circumstances
Your Personal Information may be shared with our authorized Affiliates and sub-contractors (“Personnel”) as necessary and appropriate to facilitate the purpose for which your Personal Information was collected pursuant to this Notice. They are only authorized to use Personal Information as necessary to provide services to us. These services include cloud computing infrastructure.
All Eptura Personnel who have access to Personal Information are legally bound not to disclose it and may only use it for the purposes incidental to undertaking their duties to Eptura.
Eptura will not otherwise disclose your Personal Information to a third party outside of our Affiliates without your express consent, except for third parties which we utilize for the purposes of communications, in which case those third parties will receive your personal information in order for us to provide the communications. However, you should be aware that Eptura may be required to disclose your Personal Information without your consent in order to comply with any court orders, subpoenas, or other legal process or investigation including by tax authorities if such disclosure is required by law. Where possible and appropriate, to protect your rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request we will notify you if we are required by law to disclose your Personal Information.
The third parties who host our servers do not control and are not permitted to access or use your Personal Information except for the limited purpose of storing the information.
13. Eptura Uses Cookies
Eptura and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to help us process your transactions and requests, analyze trends, administer the website, track aggregate and statistical information about user activity and gather statistics about our user base as a whole.
In the Services, we use essential cookies for authentication and session management. These technologies may provide us with personal data, information about devices and networks you utilize to access our Services, and other information regarding your interactions with our Services. We may combine the information we receive from cookies with personal data we have otherwise collected.
Third-Party Analytics. We also use automated devices and applications including Google Analytics (more info here) to evaluate the use of our Services. We use tools to gather non-personal information about users to help us improve our Services and user experiences. These analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies to perform their services and may combine the information they collect about you on our Services with other information they have collected for their own purposes. Please note, for the Services, any data sent is anonymized. This notice does not cover such uses of data by third parties.
Browser Level Opt-Out. You can set or change your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. The “help,” “tools,” or “edit” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Your ability to completely prevent your browser from accepting new cookies may depend on the sophistication of your browser software. If you disable cookies, you may still access our Sites but be aware that some features of our Services may not function. Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt-out of targeted advertising. If you wish to not have this cross-site information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out of many ad networks by clicking here (or if located in the European Union, click here).
Additional information is available at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and http://www.youronlinechoices.com. Please note, we do not control any of the above opt-out links and are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. You will continue to receive ads on the websites you visit, but the ad networks from which you have opted out will no longer target ads to you based upon your activities on other sites.
Do Not Track. Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish for your online activities to be tracked. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser DNT requests. In the meantime, you can use the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers to learn how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether as explained above.
14. Eptura has a Privacy Complaints Process
Eptura commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your Personal Information. For questions regarding this Notice, please contact us by emailing privacy@eptura.com or by mailing Eptura at the following address: Eptura, Attention Privacy, 950 E Paces Ferry Rd, NE, Suite 800, Atlanta, GA 30360.
15. Our Privacy Officer will endeavor to:
provide an initial response to your query or complaint within 15 Business Days, and
investigate and attempt to resolve your query or complaint within 45 Business Days or such longer period as is necessary and notified to you by our Privacy Officer.
Changes to This Policy
From time to time, we may update this Notice to reflect the changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Ready to learn more?
Sign up to stay in the loop on new product updates, the latest innovations in worktech, and tips & tricks to help you work your world.
*
Company Email*
*
By submitting this form, you agree to the processing of your personal data by Eptura as described in the
Privacy Statement
Submit
Keep me updated
Stay connected
Like us
Follow us
Subscribe
Sub-policy 1
https://eptura.com/terms/privacy-policy/privacy@eptura.com:
Discover
Blog
Data Governance: A Critical Component of Good Workplace Management
Every business collects data of some kind. Small companies may keep customer records in spreadsheets while global organizations use multiple systems to manage everything from HR data, sales, assets and workplace management.
May 20, 2011
Every business collects data of some kind. Small companies may keep customer records in spreadsheets while global organizations use multiple systems to manage everything from HR data, sales, assets and workplace management.
But having data doesn’t automatically mean the reports gleaned from that information are accurate and actionable. You know the saying, “Garbage in, garbage out”? Businesses may be great at collecting data, but is it the right data? Is it being used to meet objectives?
“Inaccurate data means you’re basing decisions on bad information, which may mean building a workplace that doesn’t meet employees’ needs or drains facility management budgets,” said Kimberly Castle, account director with
Buildingi
, an IWMS/BIM consulting firm and
Archibus
partner. “You may also be leasing too much space because bad data shows that 15% of your workforce doesn’t work in the physical office anymore – when the true figure is much higher.”
Many businesses are learning a hard lesson as they navigate their ongoing responses to COVID-19. The constant flux of COVID safety mandates puts greater emphasis on the need for real-time data to create processes to meet those standards. Companies must rely on accurate reports to make decisions on everything from maximum allowable occupancy for conference rooms to workstation spacing to where to position contactless circulation pathways. As work from home policies persist, most firms will seek to adjust their portfolios and add flexibility to promote workplace choice. That’s where a robust data governance system comes in.
For clarity, data governance is not the same as data management. CIO Magazine defines
data governance
as:
“
A system for defining who within an organization has authority and control over data assets and how those data assets may be used. It encompasses the people, processes, and technologies required to manage and protect data assets.”
Data management is the logistics of collecting and storing information – a must for data governance to work.
Bob Sits Where?
Fellow Buildingi account director Amber Miller once helped a client combine an integrated workplace management system (IWMS) with an HR system. This common integration is designed to make it easier for users to update where they sat, so the HR platform was populated with a list of room numbers.
“But then we started noticing anomalies, like people being assigned to a bathroom or hallway. We had to go back and have the client apply data governance rules to limit which types of seats and rooms were approved for the data feed,” she said.
Then there’s the issue of corporate tech systems not speaking the same language. Castle was helping a large life insurance company integrate data from multiple systems.
“There were all these terms that had a different meaning in every system. For example, the definition of ‘full-time employee’ or ‘headcount’ wasn’t the same across the board,” she said. “And that was a problem because data reports would get sent to the CEO with glaring discrepancies.”
Think of it this way: One person may collect and store information (data management), but a large number may access it, run reports, and use those details to make strategic decisions. If one person alters or uploads inaccurate data, the change effects everyone downstream. That can cause big problems if your job is reporting compliance levels to regulatory agencies or preparing a company’s tax returns.
“It’s one thing to collect and track data, but if there’s no data integrity, you’ll simply get ‘garbage-in and garbage-out,’” Castle said. “Technology allows us to automatically flag where things don’t match; a tight and consistent data governance program is key to getting everyone on the same page.”
Data Governance and COVID-19
The ups and downs of COVID-19 is creating a new urgency for companies to collect data on and analyze employee movement in the workplace. Data on occupancy, furniture arrangements, and desk reservations is a starting point for health and safety measure implementation. But without rigorous data governance, employee movement and contact tracing information are unreliable.
“Before COVID, the industry focused on ‘butts in seats,’ or how many people are assigned to a building. But the challenge during the pandemic is that’s no longer an accurate way to measure occupancy,” Miller said. “For example, an employee can be assigned to a desk, but they aren’t coming into the office every day. We’re now looking at utilization in terms of users in building vs. users assigned to seats.”
Floor-to-ceiling elevation is one metric that’s been impacted by COVID because it impacts air quality and flow, Miller said. Before the coronavirus forced everyone to think about ventilation in new ways, space planners didn’t have cause to look across a floor layout. Now, data that was once used almost exclusively by facilities is being analyzed and acted upon by executive management, HR, and other departments.
COVID-19 has put greater emphasis on why data governance is the foundation for quality workplace data management. Companies are asking questions of data sets that weren’t in the original parameters, searching for answers that will ultimately keep businesses open and employees safe. As organizations look beyond the pandemic, better data governance is critical for making confident and productive strategic decisions about workplace management now and into the future.
Keep reading:
Workplace Management Solutions For Your Business
By
Jonathan Davis
Jonathan writes about asset management, maintenance software, and SaaS solutions in his role as a digital content creator at Eptura. He covers trends across industries, including fleet, manufacturing, healthcare, and hospitality, with a focus on delivering thought leadership with actionable insights. Earlier in his career, he wrote textbooks, edited NPC dialogue for video games, and taught English as a foreign language. He holds a master's degree in journalism.
Previous
How can facilities management add value?
Next
How can facility management services be improved?
You might also like
Read More
Mastering asset management: Using tracking software to transform inventory and lifecycle management
With the right asset tracking system in place, businesses can easily locate equipment when it’s needed, reduce unnecessary purchases, and ensure assets are well-maintained throughout their lifecycle.
Read More
Beyond the basics: How condition-based maintenance saves enterprises time and money
Instead of following a rigid calendar, CBM relies on real-time data from sensors and inspections to determine when maintenance is actually necessary.
Read More
Smarter spaces, better business: How technology is transforming real estate and building management
Commercial real estate and facility management used to follow a simple formula: acquire space, maintain it, and ensure people could work efficiently within it.
Ready to learn more?
Sign up to stay in the loop on new product updates, the latest innovations in worktech, and tips & tricks to help you work your world.
*
Company Email*
*
By submitting this form, you agree to the processing of your personal data by Eptura as described in the
Privacy Statement
Submit
Keep me updated
Stay connected
Like us
Follow us
Subscribe