Terms of Use
Subject to terms and conditions of this Agreement (“Agreement”, “Terms”), GemJam LLC, (hereafter
            also referred to as “we”) grants to User (hereafter also referred to as “you”) right to use Services.                   GemJam LLC and the User are together referred to as “Parties”. By Accepting these Terms you expressly
            acknowledge that you understand these Terms and agree to be bound hereby and all further amendments and
            supplements hereto. We are not obliged to notify you about any amendments and/or supplements made to the
            Terms. You are responsible for checking these Terms regularly for amendments and supplements. The current
            version of the Terms is available on the Website.
Please note, that GemJam LLC does not grant a right to use the Services to persons who do not
            comply with age limits determined on the Website for each particular Service. By accepting these Terms you
            warrant that you comply with provisions of Applicable law and Law of your country, including, but not
            limited to, age limits. By accepting these Terms you also affirm that you are at least at the age of
            acceptance to the use of Service determined on the Website or that you have reviewed these Terms with your
            parent or guardian and he or she assents to these Terms on your behalf and takes full responsibility for
            your compliance with them. If you are under the age of 13, you must have permission from your parent or
            guardian in order to use the Services. If you do not have permission from your parent of guardian, certain
            features and functionality of the Services may be disabled. Information regarding use of your personal
            information may be found in GemJam LLC’s Privacy Policy or in the privacy policy specific to the
            Service you are using.
By Accepting these Terms you acknowledge that you are fully responsible for compliance with provisions of
            the Applicable Law and Law of your country. Hereby you warrant that all information provided by you is
            true. GemJam LLC is not responsible for checking the authenticity and reliability of the
            information provided by the User.
You shall insure that the device that you are going to exploit for use of the Services meets all their
            requirements. Services requirements are available on the Online Store page of each application.
You agree that the use of the Services is at your sole risk. GemJam LLC is not responsible for
            any negative effects of interaction of the Services and your device or the Services and any other services
            that you use on your device.
Definitions Subject to this Agreement the used terms shall have the following meanings:
“User” – person which may use the Services on a device for that the Services are adapted by GemJam
                  LLC or any authorized representative.
“Services” - website, services, Forums, games and applications provided by GemJam LLC
“Third party services” – website, services, forums, games and applications provided by the third
                  parties.
“Trademarks” – trademarks of GemJam LLC both registered and unregistered.
“Technical support” – consultation of the Users regarding use of the Services conducted by GemJam
                  LLC or any authorized representatives
“Law of the User’s country” – law of the country of the User’s citizenship or residence.
“Applicable law” – law determined as regulating by this Agreement.
“App” – a downloadable game and/or application as a kind of the Services.
“SNS” – social networking service.
“Virtual currency” – in-game currency.
“Virtual items” – virtual, in-game digital goods or items.
“Roll-back” – reset of the App to an earlier status.
“Beta” - App, its elements, Services and contents that are not smoothly running yet.
“Forum(s)” - blogs, message boards, online forums and other functions that provide you with the
                  opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, or distribute to the world
                  Forum Content.
“Forum Content” - links, writings, photos, graphics, or other material which may be created,
                  submitted, posted, displayed, transmitted, performed, published or distributed to the world via
                  blogs, message boards, online forums and other functions.
“Inappropriate Activity” – actions that are indecent, explicit, offensive, or which otherwise
                  violates these Terms.
“GemJam LLC Content” – all content included into the Services, including, but not limited
                  to, Trademarks.
“Your Content” – content created by the User.
“Confidential Information” - all written or oral information relating to the business of either
                  Party that became known to any Party that has been defined as confidential or that by the nature of
                  the circumstances in which the disclosure occurred should to be considered as confidential.
License and restrictions
Subject to these Terms, GemJam LLC grants you a non-exclusive, limited, revocable,
              non-transferable license to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not:
modify, translate, reverse-engineer, reverse-compile or decompile, disassemble, create derivative
                  works of or gather or extract data related to the Services;
reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or otherwise exploit the Services, in whole or in part,
                  for any purpose without our express written consent;
copy, reproduce, display, sell, resell, or otherwise exploit content of the Services, including, but
                  not limited to, pictures, photos, videos, sounds, texts and Trademarks without previous written
                  consent of GemJam LLC;
remove, obscure or modify the Trademarks, any copyright notices or other legal notices.
GemJam LLC grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to use the
              App for your personal, non-commercial use on authorized devices, unless otherwise specified. The App may
              not be copied, resold, or sublicensed. These Terms apply to all versions and updates to the App,
              including, without limitation, free and paid versions.
The App may include measures to control access to the App (including age controls), prevent unauthorized
              copies, or otherwise attempt to prevent anyone from exceeding the limited rights and licenses granted
              under these Terms. You may not take any action to circumvent or defeat such security features. If you
              disable or otherwise tamper with the technical protection measures, your license to use the App or other
              Services shall be considered automatically revoked.
Third party services
The Services may contain information about and links to the Third party services. The Third party
              services may be not available in all languages or in all countries. Third party services may require
              payment.
GemJam LLC is not obliged to evaluate Third party services, including, but not limited to,
              their content or accessibility. GemJam LLC is not obliged to provide the Users with access to
              Third party services. GemJam LLC may restrict access or change conditions of access to the
              Third party services via the Services. GemJam LLC is not obliged to notify you about such
              restrictions.
GemJam LLC is not responsible for accessibility of the Third party services, their content,
              functions and any negative effects of use of the Third party services. GemJam LLC is not
              responsible for any consequences of restrictions or change of conditions of access to the Third party
              services via the Services. Your rights and obligations regarding the Third party services shall be
              governed by the separate terms of use and privacy policies of the applicable third-party provider
              (provider of the Third party services).
Access to the Services
You may be required to register an account before using certain Services ("Account"). You may also be
              required or have the option to access the Services through a SNS.
Your Account is personal to you, and you may not rent, lease, sell, trade, gift, bequeath, or otherwise
              transfer it to anyone else. You agree to provide true and complete information about yourself when you
              register your Account and to keep it up to date.
You may not have more than one Account or access the Services through more than one SNS at any given
              time. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and user name and
              for any activities that occur under your Account.
GemJam LLC does not authorize use of automated methods to sign up for an Account, and GemJam
              LLC reserves the right to immediately terminate your access to the Services or your Account if you
              breach these Terms or otherwise violate any Applicable law or Law of your country.
By using the Services and providing us with your contact information, you explicitly consent to receive
              communications from us. If you would not like to receive such communications, please review certain
              information on the GemJam LLC website.
In-game virtual currency and virtual items
The Service may include an opportunity for you to earn, buy or otherwise obtain Virtual Currency to
              access Virtual Items. Methods and conditions of obtaining Virtual Currency are at our sole discretion.
              Virtual Currency and Virtual Items are not real currency, do not have monetary value, and may not be
              redeemed for legal currency, or items of value outside of the Services. Virtual Currency and Virtual
              Items obtained via the Services are provided to you under a limited, personal, revocable,
              non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to use within the Service. You have no property interest,
              right or title in or to any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items appearing or originating in the Service,
              and they may not be transferred or resold in any manner, including, without limitation, by means of any
              direct sale or auction service.
You agree that all sales of Virtual Currency and Virtual Items are final. No refunds will be given,
              except in our sole and absolute discretion. GemJam LLC has no liability for hacking or loss of
              your Virtual Currency or Virtual Items or any goods or services obtained via Virtual Currency. GemJam
              LLC is not obliged to and does not reimburse you for any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items
              obtained via Virtual Currency. GemJam LLC reserves the right to change or limit the price,
              availability, or order quantity of any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items and to refuse to provide you
              with any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items, in its sole discretion and without prior notification.
Virtual Currency may have an expiration date. If your Virtual Currency or Virtual Items expire and you
              still have an active Account, GemJam LLC may offer conversion of such Virtual Currency into
              Virtual Items for you in its sole discretion, however GemJam LLC is not obliged to do so.
              Virtual Currency and Virtual Items may be forfeited if:
your Account or access to the Services is terminated or suspended for any reason;
you breach these Terms;
GemJam LLC discontinues availability of the Service;
you disassociate from the Service.
Advancements, quality and deficiencies, roll-back and beta testing
In exceptional cases such as within the framework of updates or error rectifications, it may be required
              to accomplish the Roll-back in order to prevent any greater damage. In this context, the App progress,
              App score, high scores and achievements/accomplishments, etc. are reset to a corresponding earlier
              status; any changes in the interim or any developments are lost.
Any real money purchases you made in the period between the time when the Roll-Back is initiated and the
              time that the App system is rolled back to will not be refunded, but instead be given to you once more
              as part of the Roll-Back.
Your further claims are excluded unless otherwise specified in these Terms. GemJam LLC is
              entitled but not obliged to grant its users a voluntary bonus e.g. in form of virtual currency or
              premium features. It is at GemJam LLC discretion to grant such a bonus and GemJam LLC
              is not obliged to grant a bonus during future rollbacks to other users or the same users.
GemJam LLC can offer you, for the purpose of testing, participation in or use of Beta. Beta may
              contain programming errors known or unknown to GemJam LLC The abovementioned errors may lead
              the App or your device to crashing.
Within the framework of Beta, GemJam LLC may delete or add contents at any time among others to
              search for errors and to improve the game experience. Furthermore, GemJam LLC may reset game
              scores, install backups or create specific game scores. You are not entitled to the restoration of a
              specific game status. GemJam LLC may extend, shorten any Beta in whole or in part at any
              time.
Online content and conduct
The Services may include opportunities, through your Account or SNS, to chat or participate in Forums.
              You are fully responsible for all Forum Content posted by you to any Forum shall. The Forums shall be
              used only in a noncommercial manner.
GemJam LLC has the right, but not the responsibility, to monitor or remove Forum Content that
              GemJam LLC believes to be harmful, offensive, or otherwise violates these Terms, without
              liability to you. GemJam LLC in its sole discretion, reserves the right to restrict or disable
              your use of the Forums.
By submitting Forum Content to any Forum, you warrant that you have all necessary rights to submit the
              Forum Content without any restrictions of any kind, and grant to GemJam LLC a fully paid,
              royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, unconditional, perpetual right and license to use,
              reproduce, modify, publically display and perform, make derivative works of, sublicense, and distribute
              all such Forum Content in all media now known or later developed, and/or to incorporate such materials
              in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.
GemJam LLC is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinions, advice,
              statements, services, offers or other information or content expressed or made available by third
              parties in the Forums. GemJam LLC makes no representations or warranties regarding the Forums
              and Forum Content. All Forum Content posted by you to any Forum shall be your sole responsibility.
You understand that you may be exposed to Forum Content and Inappropriate Activity by other users. You
              may report actual or suspected Inappropriate Activity to
gemjamllcarm@gmail.com
.
GemJam LLC reserves the right to take any action, in its sole discretion, against Inappropriate
              Activity that GemJam LLC believes to be harmful, offensive, or otherwise violates these Terms.
              You agree that GemJam LLC will not be liable to you or any third-party in any way for Forum
              Content, Inappropriate Activity, or for any damage or loss therefrom.
Title
Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, any and all title, ownership, rights, and intellectual
              property rights in and to the Services including the GemJam LLC Content shall remain in GemJam
              LLC and/or its suppliers, and are protected by the copyright laws.
You may not use, copy, transmit, modify, distribute, or create any derivative works from the Services or
              the GemJam LLC Content without prior written consent from GemJam LLC.
The Services may allow you to create Your Content that contains the GemJam LLC Content,
              including, but not limited to, photos containing elements or graphics from games, screenshots or videos
              of your game play.
GemJam LLC retains all rights, title and interest in and to the GemJam LLC Content.
You retain all rights to Your Content; provided, however, that GemJam LLC shall have an
              exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sub-licensable worldwide right and license to
              Your Content for any purpose, including, but not limited to, the rights to reproduce, copy, adapt,
              modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit, or otherwise communicate to the public by any
              means whether now known or unknown and distribute Your Content without any prior permission, further
              notice or compensation to you.
Except where prohibited by law, you hereby waive any moral rights of paternity, publication, reputation,
              or attribution with respect to GemJam LLC use of Your Content. You may reproduce, copy, adapt,
              modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit, or otherwise communicate GemJam LLC
              Content to the public only if such use is related to promotion of the Services and/or GemJam
              LLC You may not use Your Content in any manner that may do GemJam LLC any harm.
Disclaimer of warranty and liability
The Services are provided to you “AS IS”, with all faults, without warranty of any kind, without
              performance assurances or guarantees of any kind, and your use is at your sole risk. The entire risk of
              satisfactory quality and performance resides with you. GemJam LLC does not make, and hereby
              disclaims, any and all express, implied or statutory warranties, including, but not limited to, implied
              warranties of condition, uninterrupted use, accuracy of data, satisfactory quality, fitness for
              particular purpose, noninfringement of third party rights, and warranties (if any) arising from a course
              of dealing, usage, or trade practice. GemJam LLC does not warrant against interference with
              your enjoyment of the Services; that GemJam LLC Services will meet your requirements; that
              operation of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that the Services will interoperate or
              be compatible with any other services, including, but not limited to, GemJam LLC services, or
              that any errors in the Services will be corrected. No oral or written adice provided by GemJam
              LLC or any other authorized representatives shall create a warranty. Some jurisdictions do not allow the
              exclusion of or limitations on implied warranties or the limitations on the applicable statutory rights
              of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations apply only to the fullest extent
              permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.
GemJam LLC is not responsible for any negative effects, including, but not limited to, harm
              induced by or related to use of the Services. GemJam LLC shall not be liable for any damage,
              including, but not limited to, damage caused to the User’s health, property, business reputation, loss
              of profit or loss of data by use of the Services or the Third party services, or related to such use.
You further acknowledge that GemJam LLC is not liable, and you agree not to hold GemJam
              LLC liable, for the conduct of third parties, including other users of the Services and the Third
              party services, and that the risk of using or accessing the Services or the Third party services, and of
              damage occurred in connection with such use and access, rests entirely with you.
Certain regional laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of
              certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or
              limitations may not apply to you, and you may have additional rights.
Technical support
GemJam LLC may provide you with consultations on technical issues,
              related to use of the Services. GemJam LLC will make its best effort to provide you with
              Technical support in reasonable period.
Termination
These Terms will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with any term hereof.
              Both you and GemJam LLC have the right to terminate or cancel your Account, at any time for any
              reason and without notice.
Upon termination you shall immediately stop using the Services, remove the App, if used, and all
              information related to the Services.
Assignment
These Terms and the licenses granted to you herein are personal to you, and may not be assigned prior to
              obtaining express written consent of GemJam LLC GemJam LLC may transfer or assign the
              Services, these Terms, or the Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, to any third-party of GemJam
              LLC’s choosing without any prior consent or notification. These Terms will inure to the benefit of and
              be binding upon GemJam LLC’s respective successors and assigns.
Infringement notification
Any claims related to the Services should be addressed to:
Confidentiality
The User shall maintain in confidence the source code of the Software, if he or she becomes aware of
              this code. The User shall immediately notify GemJam LLC that he or she became aware of the
              source code.
General provisions
This Agreement come into force in the moment of Acceptance of the Terms. This Agreement is perpetual and
              continues in force and effect unless it is terminated.
These Terms may not be modified by you except in a writing duly signed by you and an authorized
              representative of GemJam LLC.
GemJam LLC may make amendments and supplements to the Services from time to time. All such
              amendments and supplements shall become effective immediately. Any amendment and supplement shall
              constitute a part of these Terms.
If any part of this Agreement, including any amendments or supplements, is found to be void or
              unenforceable, it will be amended to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable.
If any part of the Agreement is found to be void or unenforceable, the reminder of the Agreement shall
              remain in force even if the void and unenforceable parts are not amended, as if such provisions were not
              a part. This Agreement is written in English. If the Agreement is translated to any other language the
              version in English language shall prevail.
Applicable law and dispute resolution
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Russian Federation. In the
              event of any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms, GemJam LLC and the User agree
              to use their best endeavors to settle the dispute through negotiation. If the dispute is not settled in
              two months, it may be filed in court.
The User agrees that any action or suit against GemJam LLC arising out of or relating to these
              Terms shall be filed in federal court or state court located in the Applicable Law State.