Privacy policy
International Medical Company ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://kuludonline.com website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for International Medical Company is created with the help of the
Privacy Policies website
.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://ec.qa.businessdrives.com
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. You can learn more how to manage cookies in the
Browser Cookies Guide
.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
International Medical Company uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Qatar and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Qatar and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
International Medical Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
International Medical Company may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of International Medical Company
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Security & Privacy
Our customers’ security and privacy is imperative to us and we ensure you that we are applying measures to protect it such as but not limited to:
Usage of security technology, including firewalls and Secure Socket Layers to protect information submitted through this application.
We do not have access to your financial information. All payments and transactions completed online are securely transferred directly to your bank processing agents, who securely process your payments on our instructions.
During your visit to our application we may gather certain personal information that are necessary to set up your account, for purposes of billing, delivery of your purchased products, medicines and/or any queries that you may have. We only keep your information for as long as it is necessary to process your order, process any applicable refunds, and respond to any complaints/feedback or to provide you with promotional information you have subscribed to.
We will use the information you provide with the sole purpose of administering and providing the goods and/or services upon your request. We will not share your personal information with any organization other than those directly involved in delivering these services, namely our dispensing pharmacy team and our in-house home delivery service.
The collected data is your first/last name, age, gender, day of birth, and purchase history. This data is to be solely used for the purpose of targeting you with specific relevant offers to you such as birth day gifts, etc.
You have the right to de-activate your account, if user decides to de-activate their account all their stored information and details will be deleted 90 days of after taking this action
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Data Deletion User can delete their data through accessing their customer account profile, then going to personal data, and chose to DELETE account. This will result in instantaneous deletion of user data stored. However, transaction and order history shall be saved for financial purposes and protecting customers from any suspicious or miscellaneous activities.
Data's Privacy Policy
Shoppers data is required to place orders to ensure high quality of service, information required is customer’s email, phone number, and address(s). This data is strictly used for reaching customers location for delivery and/or marketing purposes for Kulud pharmacy such as sending SMS, emails, etc. for promotions and marketing purposes only Shoppers data is highly confidential and shall not be shared with any third party for marketing purposes in any way shape or form without the user’s consent Shoppers data which are stored are email, name, phone number, order history, and address(s) ONLY
Account and Data Deletion
User can delete their data through accessing their customer account profile, then going to personal information, and chose to DELETE ACCOUNT button then confirm the deletion. This will result in instantaneous deletion of user data stored. However, transaction and order history shall be saved for financial purposes and protecting customers from any suspicious or miscellaneous activities.
For Complaint
For customers complains, customer can directly file a complain request though our email info@kulud-pharmacy.com.
Customer can also call us directly at 444-70-777
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@imcqatar.com
By phone number: (974) 444-3276