Personal Data Processed by Nobeltec
Personal data that is processed when you create a My TIMEZERO account:
When you create a My TIMEZERO account, we ask you to provide at minimum your email address and a name. You can also optionally provide additional information such as home or work address and telephone number
PURPOSES AND LEGAL GROUNDS:
Nobeltec processes your email address because you use your email address and your password to sign in to your account. The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is based on Nobeltec’s legitimate interest in protecting the security of your account.
Nobeltec also processes your email address for the purpose of sending you important information about your Nobeltec applications or account, such as important safety information or material changes to this Privacy Policy. The name you provide is associated with your account profile. The legal ground for processing your email address and name for these purposes is Nobeltec’s legitimate interest in providing you important safety or other information about your Nobeltec applications, account or material changes to this Privacy Policy.
If you provide your opt-in consent to receiving marketing information from Nobeltec, Nobeltec will also process your email address for the purpose of sending you marketing information about Nobeltec products. The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your preferences through the “email preferences” link at the bottom of our marketing emails or by contacting us at
privacy@nobeltec.com
. The type of marketing emails you receive from Nobeltec are based on the preferences you provide in your My TIMEZERO account (language) and the type of applications and charts linked to your My TIMEZERO account. The legal ground for processing this data for this purpose is Nobeltec’s legitimate interest in reducing the number of marketing emails sent to each particular customer or subscriber by selecting which contact receives a particular marketing email rather than sending every marketing email to every customer and subscriber who has consented to receiving marketing emails.
Nobeltec also processes your email address to associate it with your My TIMEZERO account when you interact with our customer support representatives. The legal ground for this processing is our legitimate interest in providing quality customer support.
Nobeltec also processes your email address to notify customers when they have violated the terms of use. The legal ground for this processing is our legitimate interest in ensuring a quality experience for all customers and ensuring adherence to the terms of use.
Personal data that is processed when you sign in to your My TIMEZERO account with Social Media Credentials if you choose:
You may choose to sign in to your My TIMEZERO account using your Facebook/Apple credentials. If you choose to do this, the first time you do so you will be asked whether you agree that Facebook/Apple may provide certain information to Nobeltec, such as your username, email address, profile picture, age range, sex and other public info.
All of this information is made available to Nobeltec by Facebook/Apple due to the way the sign-on configuration works. However, the only information Nobeltec retains and processes is your email address and your username. If you do not want your information to be shared with Nobeltec by Facebook/Apple, then you can simply sign in to My TIMEZERO using your My TIMEZERO account credentials instead of your Facebook/Apple account credentials.
Personal data that is processed when you communicate with Nobeltec:
When you interact with our support representatives via email, telephone or online, we collect personal data, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences; and information about the Nobeltec products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase. We also may create report logs that are useful in diagnosing applications performance-related issues, and capture information relating to the support or service issue. To improve customer service, subject to applicable laws, we may also record and review conversations with support representatives, and analyze any feedback provided to us through voluntary customer surveys. Our support representatives may look at your My TIMEZERO account, if appropriate, to help troubleshoot and resolve your issue.
PURPOSES AND LEGAL GROUNDS:
We use this information to provide you with customer support and to monitor the quality and types of customer and product support we provide to our customers. The legal ground for processing this information for these purposes is Nobeltec’s legitimate interests in providing quality support. The legal ground for looking at your My TIMEZERO account, if appropriate, is to help troubleshoot and resolve your issue.
Personal data that is processed when you purchase or update charts or applications:
When you purchase our application or charts via a mobile app or our web store, we process authentication credentials, serial number and, for mobile app, device information to activate the product that you have purchased and allow access and download of the content. The legal ground for processing this information for this purpose is to be able to sell you our products.
When you install our application on a PC, we process serial number and device information to activate the product that you have purchased and allow access of the application and its data. The legal ground for processing this information for this purpose is the performance of a contract.
When you register your application either automatically or manually, we process your authentication credentials and device identifier(s) to register the application to your account. The legal ground for processing this information for this purpose is Nobeltec’s legitimate interests in providing quality customer support.
Personal data that is processed when you synchronize your user objects to your My TIMEZERO account:
The user objects and location data you create in our applications are synchronized securely to your My TIMEZERO account. This data is not shared with any other users and is only available to the platforms that have been logged in using the same My TIMEZERO account.
The legal ground for processing this information for this purpose is Nobeltec’s legitimate interests in providing quality user experience across all your TIMEZERO platforms.
Personal data that is processed when you use our applications:
We collect data from users about their usage of our applications. The types of analytical information that are collected include the date and time the application accesses our servers, serial number, software version, the location of the device, language setting, features used, device state information, device model, hardware and operating system information. Nobeltec uses this data to improve the quality and functionality of the applications and to help identify and fix applications stability issues and other usability problems as quickly as possible.
The legal ground for processing this analytical information is our legitimate interest in understanding how our customers interact with our products so we can enhance the user experience and functionality of our products.