PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: February 6, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes how
Frismos, Inc. (
“
Frismos
“
,
“
frismos
“
,
“We”
,
“Us”
, or
“Our”
) protects your privacy when you use
Frismos
(the “Frismos
Service”) which includes the Web site located at www.
frismos
.com (the
“Site”
) and all
Frismos
mobile phone applications (
“Mobile”
).
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE
FRISMOS
SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS PART OF AND INCORPORATED INTO FRISMOS’S
TERMS OF USE
(
“Terms of Use”
). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW, YOU MAY NOT USE THE FRISMOS SERVICE.
For more information on Interest-based Advertising and your choices regarding it, click
here
.
This Privacy Policy applies to the information (including personal information) collected through the Frismos Service.
THE WHAT & HOW OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Automatically collected data (such as IP Address, your device’s operating system, browser type and language)
Mobile device identifiers (such as your unique device ID (persistent/non-persistent), hardware type
General location information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application
Applications and games data (such as your interactions with the application or game and with the other users or players inside the application or game respectively via server log files, your user or player ID)
Frismos as Data Controller does not and will not process any special categories of personal data (“sensitive data”).
STORAGE OF INFORMATION & TRANSFER OF DATA
If you are using the Frismos Service from a country other than the country in which our Web servers are located (currently the United States of America) the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information collected through the Frismos Service:
to communicate with you or third parties;
to process your requests and transactions;
to provide and improve the Frismos Service;
to customize the services and/or products we provide to you;
to assist with our product and service development;
to perform marketing activities;
to provide relevant advertising;
for other purposes related to our business;
to protect the security of our interests, including our premises, assets, and systems;
to comply with the law; or
as otherwise disclosed at the time personal information is collected.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Information collected through the Frismos Service may be shared with companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf (for example, companies that provide data management or other support services to us such as data storage and Web hosting services). We may share your information with third parties to serve you relevant advertising and market our products.
Also, we may disclose the information we collect through the Frismos Service when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate:
to comply with applicable law (e.g., in response to a valid court order or subpoena);
to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft;
to enforce the Terms of Use or other agreements that govern your use of the Frismos Service and/or our services;
pursuant to a subpoena, court order, governmental inquiry, or other legal process or as otherwise required by law, or to protect our rights or the rights of third parties;
with your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing; or
to protect the rights, property, vital interests, or safety of us, our users or others.
We share information that has been de-identified or aggregated without restriction.
We may disclose your information without giving you prior notice if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person. Nothing in this privacy policy is intended to limit any legal objections or defences you might have to efforts by third parties to compel disclosure of your information, including legal orders from the government.
Your information and other data collected by us may be transferred to another company that has acquired our stock or assets, for example, as a result of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We retain your information for as long as is needed for the stated purpose. However, the retention period also depends on the need to respond to the Data Subjects’ queries and resolve problems as well as on legal requirements for retaining certain documents.
When we no longer need Personal Data to provide Services and there are no statutory obligations for retaining the relevant data, we will delete such Personal Data. We may still use such data for statistics, but in that case it will be pseudonymised or anonymised.
CONTROLLING AND MODIFYING YOUR INFORMATION – OPT-OUT / OPT-IN
We respect your right to control and make choices about your information. You may request Frismos to:
provide you with information we collect about you;
transfer your information to another controller of your choice, when technically feasible;
delete (please see below for more details on deletion);
update, edit or modify your information; or
change your privacy preferences at any time.
Your request can be made by emailing us at
info@frismos.com
or, in some instances you may also do it yourself via the Frismos Service.
We believe that you proceed to use our Frismos Services upon accepting all the terms in our Terms of Use, which incorporate also the terms of this Privacy Policy. And as such we have your consent in processing and using your data as defined above. However, you are also free to choose to withdraw your consent and request us to cease processing your information by sending us a notice. In such case your withdrawal will not affect the legitimacy of the prior data processing.
You may also opt-out of receiving promotional communications from us, including, but not limited to, promotional emails, by emailing us at
info@frismos.com
. Transactional service communications (such as messages about your registration) are not subject to the foregoing opt-out procedures, as are necessary for the regular conduct of our business records.
DIGITAL ADVERTISING & ANALYTICS
We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated platforms. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.
Frismos adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles in connection with this interest-based advertising activity. You may visit the DAA Webchoices tool at www.aboutads.info to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt-out of this advertising on websites by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program and
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
for information on the DAA’s opt-out program for mobile apps. If you delete your cookies or use a different browser or mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the DAA Webchoices tool. Note that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, our Site may not function as intended. Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes. Frismos uses Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Site, visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
, and to opt-out of Google Analytics, visit
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
Keeping Personal Data secure is a topmost priority for Frismos. We do our best to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, disclosure and other improper processing activities.
We have put in place reasonable and appropriate organisational, technical and physical procedures and safeguards to protect the information we collect and process. These procedures also take into account the type of personal data and the risks related to its possible disclosures. In the following, we bring out specific actions with regard to organisational, technical and physical safeguards in place at Frismos.
POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
CONTACT US
For questions or concerns about Frismos’s privacy policy or practices, please email
info@frismos.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that we think materially alter your rights, then we will post the latest policy to this site and change the “Last Updated” date above. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Frismos Service to understand how your information is used.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語