Something went wrong
You can browse our site or look for something specific...
Visit our homepage
Search EY.com
modal-close-button
Welcome to
EY Global (EN)
You are visiting EY main (en)
main
en
Welcome to EY.com
In addition to cookies that are strictly necessary to operate this website, we use the following types of cookies to improve your experience and our services:
Functional cookies
to enhance your experience (e.g. remember settings),
Performance cookies
to measure the website's performance and improve your experience, and
Marketing/Targeting cookies,
which are set by third parties, allow us to execute marketing campaigns, manage our relationship with you, build a profile of your interests and provide you with content or service offerings in accordance with your preferences.
You may withdraw your consent to cookies at any time once you have entered the website through a link in the cookie policy, which you can find at the bottom of each page on the website in the ‘Legal and Privacy’ section.
Review our
cookie policy
for more information.
I decline optional cookies
I accept all cookies
Customize cookies
Cookie settings
Please provide your consent for cookie usage on ey.com and the My EY platform. Select one or more of the cookie types listed below, and then save your selection(s). Refer to ‘Cookie Details’ for each cookie type for details on the cookies and their purpose.
Review our Cookie Policy for more information
Manage Consent Preferences
Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookie details‎
Functional Cookies
Functionality cookies, which allow us to enhance your experience (for example by remembering any settings you may have selected).
Cookie details‎
Marketing/Targeting Cookies
Marketing/targeting cookies, which we use to track user activity and sessions so that we can deliver a more personalized service. Marketing cookies are set by third parties with whom we execute marketing campaigns and allow us to provide marketing relevant to you. If you identify yourself to us (e.g. filling out a form/signing up to receive email updates), EY collects information about your response to our marketing communications and your activity on this website. This information is added to your personal marketing profile and score which is used to measure campaign effectiveness and to provide content and offer services that are relevant for you.
Cookie details‎
Performance Cookies
Performance cookies, which help us measure the website’s performance and improve your experience. In using performance cookies we do not store any personal data, and only use the information collected through these cookies in aggregated and anonymized form.
Cookie details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label