Privacy Policy
Thank you for playing our games! This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to Color Switch Phoenix LLC (“Color Switch”) games, stores, sites and related services, which we here collectively call the Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on colorswitch.co. If we make any material changes, we will notify you as required under applicable law, including by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, you may contact us via mail or email:
Name of the controller: Color Switch
Address: PO Box 940596 Simi Valley, CA 93094
Attn: Privacy
email: legal@colorswitch.co
THE DATA WE COLLECT
The categories of personal data we collect depend on the Services you use, and the requirements of applicable law.
Data you provide us directly.
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name or tag and password
Your messages and other content you submit when you use the Service (such as emails and social media)
Our payment service providers will collect your payment details in connection with any purchases you make through the Color Switch Store
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account and game progress, including in most cases an automatically created internal account ID
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device or advertising ID)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language, internet service provider, and mobile carrier
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
Data about your use of the Service for analytical purposes, such as gameplay data and purchases made.
You also have the option to create a Color Switch ID using your email address.
Data we collect from our partners.
We also use third-party partners, such as social networking sites, data analytics providers and advertising networks to supplement information we have about you, such as:
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Service (such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube or Instagram)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on or data from payment service providers (such as payment verification data)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
Data that you have made available to us from a third party service (such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube or Instagram) via your privacy settings
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
We use your data for a variety of business purposes, such as:
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you Color Switch offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other players
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service and elsewhere we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section 'Your Rights and Options' below.
To keep the Service safe and fair.
Ensuring a level playing field in the Service is a top priority for us.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
Moderate chats either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
With your consent.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from Color Switch, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other players and users.
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data and read the messages you have posted.
Our service providers.
Color Switch has vendors who help us to provide the Service. These vendors process your data only at and according to Color Switch´s instructions to provide the Service, and perform tasks such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other companies and public authorities.
In order to verify payments (with payment providers such as PayPal) and combat fraud and illegal activity, we may process and disclose data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools, functionalities through application programming interfaces (APIs) or software development kits (SDKs) and in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
These partners may access data regarding your activities and your device ( mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). We may also combine and share data we have collected about you with third-party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this data (and similar data collected from other services) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third-party services within their networks. These partners may operate under their own privacy policies. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising.” If you prefer not to share your personal data with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions in “Your Rights and Options” below.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Privacy Policy. Adequate safeguards that we may use include standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission and other lawful safeguards.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Opt out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
Push Notifications
We may send you push notifications through our mobile applications. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and turning off “Allow Apps to Request to Track” or selecting "Limit Ad Tracking" (Apple iOS) or "Opt-out of Interest Based Ads" (Android).
Access the personal data we hold about you.
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object to how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may also contact your local data protection authority within the United States, European Economic Area, Switzerland or UK for unresolved complaints.
If you wish to exercise any of your data subject rights described above, please use the support options described in “Contact Us” above. We will respond to all requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we may also take additional steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, such as by requesting you provide us a purchase receipt or other account information, asking you to link your email address with your game account or asking you to answer questions regarding your activities on our Services. Once you have verified your identity, you may also designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf by providing the agent’s contact information to our customer support staff, as required by applicable law.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment as a result of your exercise of these rights.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyze use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. Cookies and similar technologies allow us and our partners to store their preferences and track your activities within the Service. Note that our partners may operate under their own privacy policies.
Our partners collect and store information about users' interactions with unaffiliated websites and applications that use our technologies, including cookies and similar tracking technologies. This allows them to infer the presence of a common user or household behind multiple devices or browsers, for instance, and then link those browsers and devices into a device graph. We do so in order to
detect and prevent fraud;
allow users to use the Service on one device and pick up seamlessly where they left off on another device;
analytics, personalization and attribution;
limit the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement, across all known or inferred devices; and/or
provide personalized advertising on each device that is inferred from the browsing patterns on all of the devices.
You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We may for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts, and we may regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
CHILDREN
Protecting children’s privacy online is very important to us. Generally, our Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and the Services do not knowingly collect personal data from children, except as described in the following paragraph.
For games that are not directed at children but nonetheless may appeal to them, we take additional steps to limit access to these Services based on the player’s age. For these Services, when a player indicates they are under 13 (or the applicable age in their territory), we will limit their access to certain features, as well as certain types of notification alerts. We also limit the processing of personal data to only what is necessary to support the internal operations of our Services.
Please note that for some of our Services we may use a higher age limit (such as 16) than described in the above two paragraphs. We do this to provide a safe game experience for our players and to protect Young Players.
If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review personal data collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us as described above. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal data contrary to the above, we will delete any personal data we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account and/or revert them to the underage experience, as applicable.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
This Supplemental California Privacy Notice applies to only California residents and supplements our Privacy Policy. For purposes of only the Supplemental California Privacy Notice, “personal information” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a consumer or household, as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
A company subject to California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 is required to allow any California resident under age 18 who is a registered user of an online site, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. Your request should include a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. Our California-resident users should make any request to remove any content or information that they have publicly posted through the Send Feedback link found in our applications or by contacting us using the information provided in “Contact Us” above.
CCPA
.
Under the CCPA, California residents have certain rights around our collection, use, and sharing of their personal information as explained in the “Your Rights and Options” section above. If you wish to exercise any of your rights as a California resident, please contact us as set forth above. To protect your privacy, we may also take additional steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, such as by asking you to answer questions regarding your activities on our Services. Once you have verified your identity, if permitted by law, you may also designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf by providing the agent’s contact information to us.
Information Collection and Sharing
.
We do not sell your personal information, as the term “sale” is defined under the CCPA, nor have we sold your personal information in the preceding 12 months. In addition, we do not have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
In the table below, we identify each category of personal information we collected from California consumers, and the categories of third parties to whom each category of information was disclosed for a business purpose, within the last 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information are set forth above in the section “THE DATA WE COLLECT.” We collected the personal information for the business and commercial purposes set forth above in the section “WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA.” In addition, we may share any of the information we collect with the third parties described in the section “WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA” above.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by Color Switch Phoenix LLC. for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Effective Date: November 22nd, 2022