Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
Pixelmania contains third party tracking and data collection and analytics tools, examples of which include Google Firebase, Facebook Analytics, Fabric and Flurry. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our application to enable them to collect and analyze user and device related data and information on our behalf.
Pixelmania shows advertisements with the help of our advertising partners, and collect and use data and information about you and your device in connection with such advertising in order to deliver, target and optimise advertising and promotional information that is more relevant to you.  Examples of advertising partners include Google AdSense, AppLovin, Vungle, AdColony.
The privacy policies of our service providers may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection and use practices and tracking technologies, and we encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and use practices, use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
Pixelmania may change this privacy policy from time to time at Pixelmania's sole discretion.