This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) serves to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of the information we receive when you access and use all websites (the “Sites”), services, software, mobile applications (including without limitation mobile games), content, and all other products and services (all of the foregoing collectively and any of them, the “Services”) owned, controlled or offered, directly or indirectly, by Lihuhu Pte Ltd. or its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Lihuhu”, “we,” “our” or “us”). Users, account holders, customers, visitors, and others who download, access, use and/or subscribe to the Services (“you” or “User”) agree to the following Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into our Terms of Service, currently available at https://lihuhugames.com/term-of-service/  (the “Terms of Service”). By using the Services, you hereby warrant and represent that you have read, understand and agree to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service and that you are over 18 years of age. PLEASE DO NOT USE, INSTALL OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
PERSONAL DATA
“Personal Data” means data about you that allows someone to identify you, including, for example, your name, address, geographic location of your computer or mobile device, telephone number, email address, payment method as well as any other information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. We may collect Personal Data from you when you:
(i)
use our Services or visit the Sites,
(ii)
register for Services or create an account or profile or accept the creation of an account or profile on your behalf on any Service or Site (an “Account”),
(iii)
access the Services through social networking sites or third-party services,
(iv)
purchase a product or Services in our mobile applications (“in-app purchase”);
(v)
invite your friends to join the Services, “share” the Services on social networking sites or use or perform other similar features or activities;
(vi)
request technical support; and
(vii)
otherwise, use our mobile applications or online Services where Personal Information is required for such use and/or participation.
The Personal Information we collect will vary depending upon the Services you use and may include, but not limited to,
a)
Registration Information:
If you create an account, you may provide us your name, username, e-mail address, password, and other information that helps us confirm that you are accessing Your Account. We may do this through in-game dialog boxes, which you may choose to skip, and/or offer you the option to complete a user profile that is visible to other users of the Sites.
If you sign into the Services with Facebook Connect, we will collect information that is visible via your Facebook account, such as (1) your first and last name, (2) your Facebook ID, (3) your profile picture/URL, and (4) list of Facebook friends. Your Account may be used to publicly identify you as part of social features of the Services, which may include user-to-user interaction, chat or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition, and other similar features.
The Lihuhu username will be public and will be shown to other users but will only permit access to information that is considered public or that you have designated as public in your user profile settings.
We may also offer you the ability to import your contacts so that you can locate them on our Games and invite them to join you in the Services. We will store those contacts for the purpose of helping you and your contacts make connections through our Services. This information is typically collected using third-party mobile device software development kits.
Additionally, if another User refers you to us by providing us with your e-mail address, we may send you a message. However, we will use your e-mail address only to send such other Users’ messages unless you otherwise affirmatively provide Your Information to us.
b)
Payment Information:
When you order any good or service through the Services or Sites, including any virtual currency or virtual good, our payment processing service provider will collect your name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, and complete credit card information, enabling them to receive your payment. Our payment processing service provider may also retain this information to enable you to purchase additional items through our Services without having to re-enter it each time.
Payment transactions for in-app purchases are completed through the app store via your Apple iTunes Account or Google Play account. Any post-purchase processes are controlled by Apple and Google (Each a “Platform”) and are subject to specific terms of such Platform. Please review their privacy policy and terms of service.
c)
Information Collected by Customer Support:
When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your gameplay or activity on the Services, and your username or ID number. We will also store the correspondence and any information contained within.
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our Services to send you game updates, high scores, and other service-related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
d)
Technical and Usage Information:
When you access our Services, we may collect (i) usage statistics about your interactions with the Services; and (ii) certain technical information about your mobile device or computer system (as defined in the “AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION” Section below); (iii) location based on the IP address; (iv)  network-based geo-location data based on the proximity of network towers or the location of Wi-Fi networks; and/or (v) geo-location data based on coordinates obtained from a mobile device’s GPS radio and location services. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. If location services are enabled on your mobile device, certain of the Services will passively and automatically send location information to us in order for us to deliver location-specific information on your device and compile your individualized timeline. Please note that disabling location service will not anonymize data already collected and uploaded to our servers.
In certain services, we will create and assign an identifier to your device that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as username, character name, or e-mail address.
In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all information collected from or about you, including Personal Data and non-identifying data, as “Your Information.”
We do not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 on our website or in our mobile applications.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
We will also collect certain pieces of information automatically and passively in order to provide the Services. In addition, we and other third parties use cookies and other technologies to passively collect non-identifying data as described. The information collected typically includes browser, mobile device, such as model, device IDs or other device identifiers, operating system or platform type, IP Address (as defined below), devise language and time zone, network Media Access Control (MAC) address and connection, referring site, list of search terms entered, list of advertisements clicked on, and the date and time of each visitor request. When you use the Services, information, including, without limitation, username, device information, and debug logs will be tracked and communicated back to a centralized server. Lihuhu collects this data to best serve its Users.
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
A “cookie” is a small file stored by your browser when told to do so by a website. The cookies are typically used to quickly identify your device and to “remember” your browser or sessions during subsequent visits for purposes of functionality and preferences. Cookies do not enable anyone to access personally identifiable information that you have not already given us. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest, to monitor Site or mobile application usage, and to collect information on which ads or links are clicked. Some of the companies delivering advertisements in the Services may also use cookies and other technologies. Such practices are subject to the terms and privacy policies of such companies. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able to use all portions or all functionalities of the Services.
IP ADDRESS
When you visit and interact with the Sites, we and/or third parties with whom we have contracted to provide services to us may collect your Internet Protocol Address (“IP Address”), which is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Sites, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. We use IP Addresses to monitor the regions from which Users navigate the Sites and for fraud prevention purposes.
DO NOT TRACK
If you disable cookies or active “do not track” signals or other mechanisms in your browser, you may lose some or all of the features and functionalities of the Services.
INFORMATION YOU POST ON THE SERVICES
When you set up an Account you will be required to provide certain Personal Information such as your name, address, and email address. You can choose not to provide any information that is requested of you by us; however, this may limit your ability to use or access the Services.
Lihuhu has no obligation to keep private any information that you disclose to other Users or the public using the Services. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information through the use of tools/functions. We strongly recommend that you do not post any information through the Services that allows strangers to identify or locate you or that you otherwise do not want to share with the public.
INFORMATION YOU SHARE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES OR THROUGH SOCIAL MEDIA SERVICES
The Services may include links to third-party websites and social media services where you will be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information. Your use of these third-party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third-party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third-party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites and social media services.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Lihuhu believes that the privacy of its Users is paramount and strives to use their data only in ways outlined in this Privacy Policy. By providing Your Information to us, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the Terms of Service and freely accepting and agreeing to our processing of Your Information in ways set forth in this Privacy Policy. Supplying to us any information deemed “sensitive” by applicable law is entirely voluntary on your part. Most uses of the collected data are for internal purposes only.
When you submit information to us, it is collected, processed and maintained solely by us or by third-party service providers who are bound by privacy restrictions at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Privacy Policy. Your Information is used and disclosed for, but is not limited to, the following purposes:
(i)
to provide the Services, including without limitation to collect and remit payment for any paid Services,
(ii)
to administer your use of the Services and any Accounts you may have with us,
(iii)
to understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
(iv)
to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
(v)
to provide to you Service announcements or inform you of new releases and features,
(vi)
to provide you with further information and offers from us or third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting, such as newsletters, marketing or promotional materials,
(vii)
to perform tasks on behalf of and according to instructions of a third party, such as our advertising partners,
(viii)
to enforce our Terms of Service,
(ix)
to resolve any disputes between Users of the Site or between such Users and us, and
(x)
to contact you to obtain feedback from you regarding the Site and the Services.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such contact, announcements, information or offers, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in the communication.
We may also use non-identifying data for the above purposes and in addition to:
(i)
monitor and analyze use of the Services and for the technical administration of the Sites,
(ii)
improve the Sites and the Services,
(iii)
generate and derive useful data and information concerning the interests, characteristics and website use behavior of our Users, and
(iv)
verify that Users of the Services meet the criteria required to process their requests.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
Lihuhu may engage certain service providers for additional features, such as payment processing, hosting, providing analytics, and helping us deliver and develop the Services. Third parties will not be able to use Your Information in ways that are prohibited by this Privacy Policy. However, Lihuhu is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of such third parties.
ADVERTISERS
We may use, share and disclose Your Information with our partners and service providers to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that we believe will be of most interest to you.
To the extent we display advertising in our Services, we may allow advertising networks of our affiliates and partner networks to collect information about your mobile device to enable them to serve targeted ads to you. Such mobile device data includes demographic and geo-location, as well as information logged from your hardware or device, including data such as IP address, device model and ID; device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio volume and battery; device time zone, region and language; MAC address and connection; operating system; name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services; application usage data; click ID; and Advertising ID (IDFA on iOS devices and GAID on Android devices) to ensure relevant advertising is presented within the Services and Sites.
A list of these advertising partners and their privacy policies is available at APPENDIX A. The privacy policies of our partners may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection and use practices. You may wish to check those privacy policies to learn more about their practices.
We may display to you behaviourally targeted advertising. If you wish to “opt out” of certain targeted advertising, please adjust the privacy settings on your device or browser. If you “opt out” of ads, it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising; it just means that the advertising you see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests and may be less relevant to you. If you want to be certain that no advertisements are displayed to you, please do not use or access the Services or Sites.
You may visit www.aboutads.info/choices or www.youronlinechoices.eu (for individuals in the EU) to learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of this form of advertising on your web browser by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) self-regulatory program. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising in mobile apps on your device by companies that participate in the DAA’s AppChoices app, you may download the app onto your device and exercise your choice.  AppChoices is available at the links below:
DAA AppChoices iOS
DAA AppChoices Android
DAA AppChoices Amazon
Lihuhu will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Sites or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any site linked to it.
ANALYTICS INFORMATION
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Services. These tools collect information sent by our mobile application that you have downloaded or are using, or your browser as part of a web page request, including the web pages you visit, your browser add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Services. We may collect and use this analytics information together with your Personal Information and stitch together session data from unauthenticated User visits with authenticated User visits to build a broader profile of our individual Users so that we can serve you better.
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS
Lihuhu may disclose certain information in the event that it is merged, acquired, sold, or some of its assets are acquired. Lihuhu will endeavour to ensure that the entity who receives Your Information treats it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND LAW ENFORCEMENT
We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to:
(i)
comply with a legal requirement or process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures;
(ii)
enforce the Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service;
(iii)
respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties;
(iv)
respond to User comments or service inquiries;
(v)
protect our rights, property, or safety and the rights, property and safety of the Services, our Users or the public; or
(vi)
prevent or stop any activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable.
However, Lihuhu will endeavour only to disclose information requested via a valid legal process and will endeavour to notify any User about whom we have disclosed information if possible.
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE YOUR COUNTRY
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal data, as described in this Policy.
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide the Services to you.  We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law.  We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers; where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no other lawful basis for such processing, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you.  You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer.  Visit the “Contact Us” section below for contact information.
PRIVACY SHIELD FRAMEWORK
Lihuhu transfers certain personal data to the U.S. and participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Lihuhu is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List, available at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
Lihuhu is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Lihuhu complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Lihuhu is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  In certain situations, Lihuhu may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Lihuhu commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact us at: legal@Lihuhu.com. We will attempt to answer your questions and satisfy your concerns in a timely and complete manner. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
If your complaint is still not resolved through these channels, under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website here:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint
you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
These additional provisions for California consumers apply only to individuals who reside in California.  The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to know, delete and opt out, and requires “businesses” collecting or disclosing personal information to provide notice and a means to exercise those rights.
Categories of personal information collected in the preceding 12 months
Business purpose for collection
Third parties with whom we may share your information
Right to Know and Right to Delete.
For any of the personal information described above, you can request to know what personal information we collected, disclosed, used and sold, and request that we delete your personal information at any time. To exercise your right to know and right to deletion, please submit a request by emailing admin@lihuhugames.com with the subject line “California Rights Request”.  We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally require the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the right to know and right to deletion, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
Upon verification of your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to complete the transaction with you, detect security incidents or fraud, fixing errors, exercise free speech or another right provided by law, comply with legal obligations, or other internal and lawful uses.
Right to Opt Out of Sale
CCPA gives you a right to direct a business that sells your personal information to stop selling your personal information and to refrain from doing so in the future. We do not sell any of your personal information and will require our service providers not to sell your personal information.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your rights under the CCPA or have any questions or concerns, please email us at admin@lihuhugames.com.  In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf where (i) you provide sufficient evidence to show that the requestor is an authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf and (ii) you successfully verify your own identity with us.
We aim to respond to a consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EU INDIVIDUALS
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information.  At any time, you may contact Lihuhu at the address provided in the “Contact Us” section herein and request to access the personal data that Lihuhu holds about you. Lihuhu may need to ask you to provide certain information to make sure you are who you claim to be. If you find the information on your account is not accurate, complete or updated, then please provide Lihuhu with the necessary information to correct it.
Withdrawing Your Consent. Contact Us if you would like to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data. Exercising this right will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal.
Erasing or Restricting Access to Your Information.  You may request to delete or restrict access to your personal data. We may postpone or deny your request if your personal data is in current use for providing Services or for other legitimate purposes, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Transferring your Personal Data (Otherwise known as Your Right to Data Portability).  You have the right to receive your personal data that you have provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit that data to another party of your choice, where technically feasible. However, this right shall not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to Make Complaint: if you consider that our processing of your personal data infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
If you have any concerns about the way we process your personal data, you are welcome to contact our data protection officer at admin@lihuhugames.com or write to us at the address set forth in the “Contact Us” section. We will look into your request and make good-faith efforts to resolve any concerns you may have.
SECURITY
We understand the importance of privacy and security to our Users and have made them a priority. Lihuhu uses a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure and trains Lihuhu employees on privacy and security issues. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes, and we do not promise that your Personal Information or private communications will be protected from unauthorized disclosure or use. Lihuhu is not responsible for the actions of those who obtain your content in this manner. Lihuhu cannot guarantee your safety and security and you should be aware that submitting any information and using the Services is done at your own risk. Please do not provide any privileged information on the Sites or when using the Services.
CHILDREN
While we allow minors under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16) to use the Services, only parents, legal guardians, or other adults are allowed to make purchases through our Services.
We may not knowingly collect information that includes Personal Information of children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), we will promptly take steps to delete such information. We urge parents to monitor their children’s use of all digital media.
With proper authentication, a parent or legal guardian always has the right to review the Personal Information we may have collected and stored about their child, request deletion of such Personal Information, or refuse to allow further collection or use of such information by Lihuhu. Please keep in mind that a request to delete such information may limit your or the child’s access to all or a portion of the Services. If you believe that a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16) might have provided us with Personal Information without your permission, or if you wish to view, request deletion of, or prohibit further collection of information about your child, please contact us at
admin@lihuhugames.com
.
MANAGING YOUR PRIVACY
We keep your data on your behalf and for your benefit. You can correct or delete your account information by following the instructions on the Services or by e-mail at
admin@lihuhugames.com
which you may also access for further assistance and questions regarding the Privacy Policy or for a copy of your account data. If you cancel your account or request us to delete Your Information, Lihuhu will limit its access to personally identifiable data to perform what is requested by you and will delete information accessible to Lihuhu within thirty (30) business days.
JURISDICTION
By using the Services, you agree that the handling of your personal information and any communication through the Services will be governed by the laws of Singapore.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
Our security and Privacy Policy are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. This Privacy Policy might change as we update and expand the Services. We will endeavour to notify you of these changes by email/mobile application but will not be liable for any failure to do so. We also encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. If you do not understand any of the terms or conditions of any of our policies, you may inquire regarding the same via email at  admin@lihuhugames.com. Your continued use of the Services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
CONTACT US
If you have any concerns or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at admin@lihuhugames.com
APPENDIX A – ADVERTISING NETWORKS AND THEIR PARTNERS
For personalized advertisement experience, the advertising networks and their partners, some of which are listed below, would like your consent, unless they have another legal basis for processing, may collect or receive device information from our apps and other apps that include personal and non-personal information, such as advertising (or ad) identifiers, IP address, or other information regarding the delivery of advertisements and your interaction with them, inventory of installed apps and/or other tracking technologies to provide measurement services, personalization, ad selection, delivery, reporting, and optimize targeted ads. You can learn more about how each handles your data by accessing their respective privacy notices using the hyperlinks below.
Amazon Developer
Amazon Developer is an advertising service provided by Amazon, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://developer.amazon.com/support/legal/mobileads/terms-and-agreements
AdColony
AdColony is an advertising service provided by AdColony, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin
AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Facebook Audience Network
Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook, Inc. (US) that may collect or receive information from our apps and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Fyber
Fyber is an advertising service provided by Fyber Group. (Israel)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Google AdSense
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google and their partners
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc. (US)
For more information on how AdMob uses the collected information, please visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
For more information on AdMob Partners, please visit:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
IronSource
IronSource is an advertising service provided by IronSource, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
MoPub and their partners
MoPub is provided by MoPub, Inc. (US)
For more information on what information MoPub collects and how it’s used, please read MoPub Privacy Policy:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
For more information on MoPub Partners, please visit:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/
You can opt-out from MoPub service by following the instructions on MoPub Opt-out page:
https://www.mopub.com/optout/
PubNative
PubNative is an advertising service provided by PubNative GmbH (Germany)
Privacy Policy:
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
Smaato and their vendors
Smaato is an advertising service provided by Smaato, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
For more information on the Smaato Vendors, please visit:
https://advertisingconsent.eu/transparency-consent-framework-global-vendor-list/
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is an advertising service provided by Unity Ads Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
Vungle is provided by Vungle, Inc. (US)
You can opt-out from Vungle service by following the instructions as described by Vungle on their Privacy Policy page:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Liftoff
Liftoff is an advertising service provided by Liftoff, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Ogury
Ogury is an advertising service provided by Ogury Ltd (England)
Privacy Policy: https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/
You can opt-out from Ogury service by following the instructions on Oury Opt-out page:
https://ogury.com/data-collection-opt-out/
BidMachine
BidMachine is an advertising service provided by BidMachine, Inc. (US)
You can opt-out from BidMachine service by following the instructions on page
Privacy Policy:
https://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/
Inmobi
InMobi is an advertising service provided by InMobi Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Privacy Policy:
https://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/
You can opt-out from InMobi service by following the instructions on page
https://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out
Pangle
Pangle is an advertising service provided by Bytedance Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
ad4game
Ad4Game is an advertising service provided by Ad4Game Ireland Limited (Ireland)
Privacy Policy:
https://ad4game.com/privacy/
APPENDIX B – ANALYTICS AND OTHER SERVICE PROVIDERS
We use your information to perform our own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties and other essential functions. We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, improving the Services, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations. In order to learn about how your information is used by our analytics service providers, you can follow the hyperlinks in the list below to each provider’s privacy notice.
AWS
AWS is cloud computing services provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc. (US).
Privacy Policy:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
AppsFlyer
AppsFlyer is analytics service provided by AppsFlyer (Israel)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.appsflyer.com/ru/services-privacy-policy
Facebook Ads conversion
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. (US) that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc. (US)
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Cost Center
Cost Center is analytics service provided by ‍Extra Labs Pty Ltd (Australia)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.costcenter.net/privacy-policy