Privacy Policy
MobileFusion Apps LTD develops and publishes free mobile games. These apps are monetised via the use of third party advertising networks.
This Privacy Policy describes how and when MobileFusion Apps LTD collects, uses and shares your information, when you use these mobile applications. We will ask for your consent before collecting or using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
By using these applications, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy.
Information Collected
MobileFusion Apps LTD does not collect any classical personal information such as your name, address, email and phone number. However if you contact us directly via our website, then your name and email address is required in order for us to respond.
To provide adverts within the mobile applications, the third party advertising networks Admob and Unity Ads are used. In order to provide targeted, relevant adverts to each user, these providers may collect, use and transmit non-personally identifiable information in relation to your device. This information may include the Unique Device ID, geolocation, IP address, operating system and device manufacturer.
For more information please use the links below.
Admob Privacy Policy
Admob Ad Technology Providers
Admob Opt-Out
Unity Privacy Policy And Opt-Out
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968:
Skip to main content
How Google uses AdMob data
The following article provides a brief overview of Google's data usage practices and commitment to protecting the confidentiality and security of data.
Google as a data controller
Google operates as a data controller for AdMob. Publishers use this product as independent data controllers, not processors or joint controllers. This is reflected in our
Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms
, which will be a part of the updated Terms and Conditions for AdSense. Updated terms will be available to click to accept prior to May 25, 2018.
A user’s visit to one site or app in the AdSense or AdMob network, where ads personalization is on, will help advertisers to serve more relevant ads to that user when they visit other sites or apps in the AdSense or AdMob network. So if the user visits one site that talks about bicycles, then visits another publisher’s site, the user might see ads for bicycles. That is not a consequence of AdSense and AdMob being designated as controllers; rather, that’s how these products have worked since their inception. Because they operate in that way, AdSense and AdMob are controller products.
Managing data
Our
AdMob Program Policies
(which incorporate the
AdSense Program Policies
) prohibit the use of AdMob to pass any information to Google that Google could use or recognize as personally-identifiable information. This would include, for example, end users’ email addresses or phone numbers.
Each AdMob ad request on a publisher’s app will share certain data from the user’s device, for instance the user’s IP address and mobile ad identifiers will be shared with Google. For rewarded ads, a user opt-in and incentivized format, an app developer may pass signals to identify the user to the SDK. These signals are passed back to the app developer when an advertisement is shown so that the app can reward the user. Such signals are not stored or used by Google in any way.
What is the data used for?
Google uses AdMob data to help us provide and develop the AdMob services (described further below) and to make advertising more effective. Identifiers such as mobile advertising IDs are used to stop users from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant to the user (such as ads based on apps the user has visited). AdMob data is used for analytics purposes and to deliver reports to publishers about their account and performance.
Data access
Google uses strict access controls (using both automated technical controls and internal policy controls) to limit internal access to the personal data to only those with a business need to access it. AdMob shares limited end user data with ad networks. Publishers can control the participating ad networks by using in-product controls. This data is shared to help the ad network decide whether they want to serve an ad to the user and, if so, which ad they want to show, and how much they want to bid.
The information that is shared with potential ad network includes:
The name and identifier of the app, provided the app developer allows such sharing
The category of that app (e.g., “Sports News”) and its language
The type of browser and device the user is using, and the device’s screen size
The user’s approximate geographic location
A truncated version of the user’s IP address, which potential bidders may use for purposes such as determining the user’s approximate geography for themselves, and as a signal to protect against advertising fraud
For web pages, an encrypted cookie identifier that is unique to the potential bidder, which helps a bidder that has its own cookie on the user’s browser to look at any other information it has associated with that cookie (e.g., based on that cookie, the bidder may know that the user is a female with an interest in hockey)
For apps and other devices, such as gaming consoles and connected TV devices, an advertising ID that serves the same purpose.
In addition, our
Ad Exchange policies
restrict the ways in which Ad Exchange bidders are allowed to use this information.
Data retention, data deletion, and data portability
Signed-in Google users can delete past searches, browsing history, and other authenticated activity from their Google Accounts. When these events are deleted, they will no longer contribute to that user’s signed-in ads profile. For more information about the data deletion functionalities available in My Activity, please refer to the
My Activity help center.
Signed-in users can also view and edit their Google account ads profile in
Ads Settings
.
End user data from users who are not signed-in Google users can no longer be used by Google for purposes of targeting that user if :
The user’s cookie expires or the user chooses to delete their cookies or reset their advertising ID; or
The user opts out of ads personalization on their device.
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs, for signed-in and signed-out users. These server logs typically include a user’s web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of the ad request, and one or more cookies or an advertising ID that may uniquely identify that user’s browser or mobile device. We anonymize IP addresses in logs by removing part of the address after 9 months. After 18 months, we further anonymize log data by anonymizing or deleting cookie or advertising ID information in both logs and ad serving databases.
User data tied to cookies and advertising IDs is also used to detect and prevent ad fraud and ensure that users don’t see ads that they’ve blocked in the past. In these cases, or in cases where Google stores this data on behalf of its customers (e.g. in Google Analytics), data may be stored for periods longer than those specified above.
When AdMob associates information about a signed-in Google user’s activity with the user’s Google Account, the user can access that activity through My Activity, as described above. Signed-in Google users can also export all their My Activity records (including ads-related records) via
Download your data
.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
European regulations overview and guidance
1 of 11
Tools to help publishers comply with the GDPR
2 of 11
Comply with EU user consent policy
3 of 11
Overview of purposes for GDPR
4 of 11
Ad technology providers
5 of 11
Publisher EU user consent journeys
6 of 11
IAB Transparency and Consent Framework v2.0
7 of 11
Tag an ad request for EEA, the UK, and Switzerland users for restricted data processing
8 of 11
Limited ads
9 of 11
Check RTB creatives for user consent
10 of 11
Technical ad delivery
11 of 11
Simplified verification process for ad technology providers
Show your support to promote DEI in Gaming by turning intentions into action!
Check out the newly launched Diversity in Gaming website, where you can find video stories and written pledges from global gaming developers. This campaign centers on 3 pillars: diverse teams, diverse games and diverse audiences showing how diversity is not just good for gamers, but for business as well. Show your support by taking the pledge to promote DEI in Gaming and share it on social!
Learn More
1056876954848362155
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
true
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Community
Google AdMob
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
true
true
73175
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false
Sub-policy 1
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools