Home
Castings
Models
Pro directory
Marketplace
PRIVACY POLICY
(updated 2020-04-14)
This privacy policy is applicable for website MODELMANAGEMENT.COM and mobile application MODEL NOW.
Privacy Settings
How we handle any personal data you give us
When you join website MODELMANAGEMENT.COM and mobile application MODEL NOW we want you to know
                    exactly what happens with your data, so you can have complete confidence in being one of our valued
                    and much loved members.
The information that we request from you is for one purpose only, to improve your experience and
                    help you get the most from being a member of website MODELMANAGEMENT.COM and mobile application
                    MODEL NOW and to use our platform in a business to business way with your peers. To give you even
                    more peace of mind, we look after your data in the right way and never share it with any 3rd
                    parties.
What data do we collect?
For models and talents this data is collected :
Name and/or company name
Email address
Location
Gender
Website or portfolio link, if you have one
Password which is encrypted
Date of birth
Details of your transactions on our site
Date when you signed up, your last login, uploaded images, followed another user, loved, liked
                        or favorited an image or another user
Ethnicity, nationality, hair and eye colour, height, shoe size, bust size, waist size, hips
                        size, dress size
Languages spoken
Modeling categories and disciplines that suit your look
Your favourite places to connect with with people
Date when you apply to castings, or accepted/declined a booking
Details of payments made through our site, reviews, comments etc
Free text area called "About me" where you can leave any relevant professional information about
                        yourself
Phone number
Social media links
Uploaded images
For photographers, brands, model agencies, casting directors, advertising agencies, production
                    companies, media, showrooms, hair and makeup artists, PR / Events this data is collected:
Name and/or company name
Email address
Location
Gender
Website or portfolio link, if you have one
Password which is encrypted
Date of birth
Details of your transactions on our site
Date when you signed up, your last login, uploaded images, followed another user, loved, liked
                        or favorited an image or another user
Visual media industry sector
Free text area called "About me" where you can leave any relevant professional information about
                        yourself
Phone number
Social media links
Uploaded images
Which providers do we share your data with?
Companies we use to connect with to provide services through our website. For example if you upgrade
                    to Premium we connect with worldwide payment companies such as Paypal to handle the online payment
                    securely. Click on the individual company names to view their privacy policies.
Analytics - GTM with
Google Analytics
Cookies and usage data
Marketing -
Facebook
and
Twitter
pixels
Cookies and usage data
Advertising -
Google DFP
Cookies and usage data
Handling payments –
Recurly
,
PayPal
and
Ebanx
Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
SMS -
Twilio
Phone number, usage data
Managing contacts and sending messages -
Sendy
,
SES
,
Sendgrid
,
Mailchimp
,
Mailgun
,
Customer.io
,
Whatsapp
Email address, usage data
Support and live chat -
Zendesk
Email address, cookies, usage data
Access to third-party account. These are companies you can decide to use on our website to make
                        certain tasks simpler. For example if you decide to sign up to our site with Facebook, or if you
                        decide to invite your personal contacts to join our site via your own email database.
Facebook
- About me, birthday, city, email address, website
Google
and
Yahoo
- Contacts
SPAM protection -
Akismet
and
Google reCAPTCHA
Various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Interaction with external social networks and platforms -
Facebook
Like button and social widgets,
Pinterest
and
Google +1
Cookies and usage data
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing) -
Google optimize
Phone number, usage data
We use Stripe for identity document verification. Stripe collects identity document images, facial images, ID numbers and addresses as well as advanced fraud signals and information about the devices that connect to its services. Stripe shares this information with us and also uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides, including for fraud detection. You may also choose to allow Stripe to use your data to improve Stripe’s biometric verification technology. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
Stripe
Which 3rd parties do we share your data with?
We do will not share your data with any third parties, unless we have your permission or are
                    required by law to do so.
How long do we keep your data?
Your data will be kept as long as you are a user of our site and have not requested that your
                    account and data to be erased.
Where is it stored?
All data is stored on our secure European based servers.
Do we have lawful reasons why we need this data?
The lawful reasons why we need this data are legitimate interests pursued by the company, as
                    established by the GDPR (Article 6).
What do we do with this information?
Analyse user activity to improve our service.
Provide a high quality and ultimately useful user experience throughout our site and email
                    communication.
We may notify you by email, phone by SMS or Whatsapp, Facebook Messenger with important information
                    of relevance to your account. Models can be notified by these channels if they have been invited to
                    a casting or if a new message from a member is received. In addition if another user has liked,
                    loved images or followed, or with changes and updates to our site, promotional offers, surveys,
                    tips, news etc. Other users such as photographers, brands, model agencies, casting directors,
                    advertising agencies, production companies, media, showrooms, hair and make up artists, PR / Events
                    can be contacted if the account is not approved, information about the user is missing as well as
                    reminder to post a casting can be sent. In addition user can be contacted by mentioned channels if
                    another user has liked, loved images or followed, or with changes and updates to our site,
                    promotional offers, surveys, tips, news etc.
IP addresses and Cookies
IP address is stored temporarily for security and spam prevention.
Website MODELMANAGEMENT.COM and mobile application MODEL NOW uses cookies to store visitors’
                    preferences, record session information, record user-specific information on what pages users access
                    or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to
                    our site, customise Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the
                    visitor sends.
Cookies are text files that are either temporarily stored in the random access memory or on the hard
                    drive of your computer. They generally serve for offering you the services of website
                    MODELMANAGEMENT.COM and mobile application MODEL NOW within your personal settings of each new
                    session, which basically means to give you a better and faster experience more in tune with what you
                    like to see. Cookies are partly stored permanently on your hard drive. You may prevent this by
                    setting your browser accordingly, however you may notice that our website does not run as fast and
                    in the same way to what you would expect.
Technical security
We will report any data breaches and security issues to the data protection authority within 72
                    hours of discovery. We will also notify by email any users who are directly affected by this breach.
How you can control the use and display of your information?
All data that we gather is used to give you and other users the best possible experience on our
                    website.
You have the right to edit or erase certain information about you on your account, but this may
                    result in our site being less useful for you.
You have the right for your account and information about you to be erased from our site. You can
                    find this by logging into your account and visiting the “Edit profile” and by clicking the button:
                    “Delete account”.
If you want to opt in or out of the emails we send you, these can be changed in the Edit my profile
                    section of your account. Certain important emails may still be sent to you, for example if you've
                    forgotten your password, or if we update our Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy.
You can request to see details of any personal information which we hold about you. If you would
                    like to see this information, please contact us at: privacy@modelmanagement.com and mobile
                    application MODEL NOW. You will need to provide proof of your identity and we may charge a fee to
                    provide this information. Requests of information will take up to 30 days.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. This page will show a
                    notice that changes have been made. If a user objects to the updated Privacy Policy, they should
                    request for their account to be erased and personal data removed.
We hope that this Privacy Policy answers any questions that you may have. If you have any further
                    questions, feel free to contact us directly here by email at: privacy@modelmanagement.com.
Contact us
Model Management Dot Com S.L.
Carrer de Ramon Turró, 169
08005 Barcelona
Spain
V.A.T.
                    NUMBER: ESB66936352
Company Registration Number: T45912-F118-B502829
Email:
                    privacy@modelmanagement.com
Castings
Post a casting
Model Academy
Rankings
About us
Blog
Language
English
Español
Deutsch
Русский
Français
Italiano