Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy is to provide notice of and assist you in understanding how we collect and handle your Personal Data. It is applicable to all offered products and services. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully. By using the products and services, you are accepting the terms of Privacy Policy.
        Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree with any of its terms, please do not use our app and/or request the deletion of your personal information from our records.
Information Collection and Use
Personal Information
General
Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our application. DrkWhite.devT and its affiliates (“we”, “our” or “us”) collects personal information when you use offered products or services. We may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. Information to be used in providing products and services, billing, identification, authentication, contacting users and research. We may publish some statistics based on aggregated information, but none of these statistics will contain any personally identifiable information.
        When you use the application, we ask for information such as your name and e-mail address. We may ask for your contact and billing information upon every purchase. We will be sharing your personally identifiable information only when required to complete your order. We do not otherwise share personally identifiable information with any third parties.
        Depending on the product or service you have selected, We may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as age, date of birth, weight, height. We may also gather other information, such as location, activities and relevant personal information. Recognizing the highly personal nature of this information, we take special precautions to protect such information.
        Before and After photos taken on a mobile device are stored on the mobile device unencrypted.
Fitness and Activity Data
We support share data to Apple Health App. We use fitness and activity data to provide, personalize and improve your experience on the offered products and services. We may release or share Fitness and Activity Data with third parties in anonymous form and/or in the aggregate, for statistical analysis, research, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
Links to Other Sites
Our Products may contain links to other web sites. Personally identifiable information will not be sharing with these third party web sites. Once you enter another web site (whether through an advertisement, service or content link), be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to look for and review the privacy policy of each and every web site that you visit through a link or advertisement. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by our products and services.
Disclosure of Information
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose any personally identifiable information gathers from you. We may only release personally identifiable information to third parties to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order or, as deemed necessary to protect the legal or property rights. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your personally identifiable information to a third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order. We do not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Security
We take reasonable measures to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Business Transitions
If we are acquired by or merges with another company, assets including personal information will likely be transferred to the new company.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Notice at any time and you should check this Privacy Notice periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Notice on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Notice. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you either through push notification, or by placing a prominent notice on our webpage.