Privacy Policy
Shenzhen KeepRapid built the JYouPro - Fitness Tracker app as
                  a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by
                  Shenzhen KeepRapid at no cost and is intended for use as
                  is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my
                  policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
                  Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to
                  the collection and use of information in relation to this
                  policy. The Personal Information that I collect is
                  used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with
                  anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
                  as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at
                  JYouPro - Fitness Tracker unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
We may collect the following kinds of information when you use our products and services.
Creating an account on our application collects "required information" such as country or region, email address, password, date of birth, gender, height, weight, and "optional information" such as your nickname, weight goal, step goal, and profile picture. The information collected will be used as part of the health data algorithm. For example, the heart rate algorithm will generate relevant and more accurate health data based on your age, height, and weight. Your personal information will be anonymized and encrypted.
Guest Information: Users (who are not registered or logged in) can experience our products and certain limited services through the Guest feature. Guest personal data (nickname, gender, height, weight, date of birth, sports health data, etc.) will be stored locally on your phone and will not be uploaded to our servers.
Location Information: Your phone's location information may be used for certain location-based services. For example, it will be called up when you are in outdoor sports mode, checking the weather, or selecting your area. Such information collection will be disabled in the event you do not permit us to access your phone's GPS function.
Service Information: Certain features of JYouPro devices and applications may access your personal information (e.g., reminder setting or exercise record). For example, the "Menstrual Cycle Reminder" feature may collect your menstrual cycle and ovulation data, etc.; the "Call Reminder” feature may access (but not store) your call status and contacts; the "Message Notification" feature may access (temporarily store) the notification status of third party applications; the "Music Control" feature may access (but not store) the information such as song playback and song status; and the "Alarm Clock" feature may use your phone's built-in clock function.
We undertake not to sell your personal information to any other third party for any purpose and that any personal data, sensitive or not, will not be shared unless we obtain your express consent to do so. We will not disclose or transfer your personal information to any non-affiliated third party, except for the following reasons:
To respond to your request. For example, if you authorize the sharing of your personal information to a third party device or platform, we will share your information, such as steps, distance, height, weight, heart rate, calories, and other exercise data, with the third party at your request. Please carefully read the privacy policies of these third party devices or platforms, as your activities on them will no longer be governed by this privacy policy;
The app does use third-party services that may collect
                    information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used
                    by the app
Google Play Services
Google API Services
AdMob
Facebook
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you
                  use my Service, in a case of an error in the app
                  I collect data and information (through third-party
                  products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may
                  include information such as your device Internet Protocol
                  (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
                  configuration of the app when utilizing my Service,
                  the time and date of your use of the Service, and other
                  statistics.
Google API User Data Policy
JYouPro - Fitness Tracker’s use and transfer of information received from Google APIs to any other app will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Permission usage instructions
Storage permissions: When you use sharing, set personal avatars through albums, set dial backgrounds, firmware upgrades and other functions, you need to enable this permission to read image information or write application information. If you do not need such services, you can turn off the permission at any time, which will not affect the use of other services.
Camera permission: When you scan the QR code to connect to the device, add relatives and friends, shake and take pictures, and set the avatar and dial background by taking pictures, we need to apply for and obtain this permission from you in order to complete the picture shooting. If you do not need such services, you can turn off the permission at any time, which will not affect the use of other services.
Location permission: When you use map positioning to generate motion track, Bluetooth pairing, weather push or other location-related search functions, you can choose to enable this permission to determine your current location information. If your phone is Android 10 or above, in order to ensure the normal recording of data and trajectory during exercise, you will also apply for background positioning permission. Please enable this permission. If you do not need such services, you can turn off this permission at any time, which will not affect the use of other services.
Phone permission: When you use the wearable device to reject calls and receive call information on the wearable device, you can choose to enable this permission to get the phone status. If you do not agree with this permission, it may affect the normal function usage.
Call permission: When you use the wearable device to reject calls and receive call information on the wearable device, you can choose to enable this permission so that the wearable device can reject calls and receive call information normally. If you do not agree with this permission, it may affect the normal function usage.
Call log permission: When you use a wearable device to push caller  number, you can choose to enable this permission to display the caller ID on the paired device. If you do not need such services, you can turn off the permission at any time, which will not affect the use of other services.
Address book permission: When you use to push caller contact information and SMS contact information to the device, you can choose to enable this permission to display the caller contact information on the wearable device. If you do not need such services, you can turn off the permission at any time, which will not affect the use of other services.
SMS permission: When you use to push SMS messages to the device, you can choose to enable this permission to display the message content on the wearable device. If you do not need such services, you can turn off the permission at any time, which will not affect the use of other services.
Auto start permission: Used in the background of the APP to push message reminders to the Bluetooth device, so that users can perceive and not miss important messages and calls. The APP will not automatically remind the user to open it, and the user needs to open it by himself.You can turn off the permission at any time, which will not affect the use of other services.
You can visit the system "Settings" at any time to manage your system permissions.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
                  commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
                  to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
                  stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However,
                  the app may use third-party code and libraries that use
                  “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
                  You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies
                  and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
                  choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
                  portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and
                  individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service
                  that these third parties have access to their Personal
                  Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to
                  them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
                  disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your
                  Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
                  acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
                  of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
                  storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot
                  guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
                  a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
                  that these external sites are not operated by me.
                  Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the
                  Privacy Policy of these websites. I have
                  no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
                  privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
                  services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
                    I do not knowingly collect personally
                    identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case
                    I discover that a child under 13 has provided
                    me with personal information, I immediately
                    delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
                    and you are aware that your child has provided us with
                    personal information, please contact me so that
                    I will be able to do the necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from
                  time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                  periodically for any changes. I will
                  notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
                  this page.
This policy is effective as of 2022-11-01
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my
                  Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at thinksth@qq.com.