Close Privacy Statement
We respect your privacy and always process your personal data in accordance with applicable regulations such as the General Data Protection Regulation (AVG). In this privacy statement, we explain, among other things, how we use your personal data, for what purposes, and with whom we share them.
1. Responsibility and contact
Close International B.V., based in Amsterdam, is the responsible party (as referred to in the AVG) for the use of personal data in the context of offering the Close app. This statement does not apply to websites visited in or through Close. If you have any questions after reading this privacy statement, please contact us by email: privacy@thecloseapp.com or by post: Close International B.V. Att: privacy officer, Postbus 10, 1000 AA Amsterdam.
2. Definities
App: the app offered under the name Close by Close International B.V. to enable Publishers to communicate with visitors to their events, and enable visitors to communicate with each other.
User: User of the app.
Chat: Conversation for a specific User.
Conversation: Mobile conversation about a specific event.
Group chat: Chat in which other Users participate at the invitation of a User.
Publisher: The organiser of an event who uses the App to communicate about his event. This also includes third parties who use the App on the instructions of the Publisher to communicate about the Publisher's event.
3. What data?
When you use the App, we collect the following personal data about you.
1.Data that we (may) ask you for:
a. User name (mandatory)
b. Date of birth
c. Mobile phone number (mandatory)
d. The country where you live (this does not have to be a photo in which you are recognisable)
e.Your payment details (when you buy a voucher or product in the App)
2. Data we collect ourselves:
a. IP address
b. The application installation number we assigned to you when you installed the App
c. Information about the event you are attending, such as date, ticket price, artist(s), location/venue, etc.
d. Information about purchases you make via our App during or in connection with an event
e.The conversations you participate in (not the content of the conversation, with the exception of questions the Publisher asks you and the answers you give to them and any questions you ask the Publisher)
f. The telephone numbers of the people you invite to participate in a Group Chat
g. Information from the answers you gave to the Publisher's questions in a Conversation
h. The country where you live (based on your phone number if you have chosen not to provide this information to us)
i. Your location (not your exact location but only when you are in a certain area) (if you have enabled this).
Of the above-mentioned data, the data under 1 a, 1 c, 2 a and 2 b are necessary to enable you to use the App. Without this data, we cannot provide you with this service.
4. Purposes and basis for data processing
We use the aforementioned personal data for the following purposes. We hereby indicate the legal basis of the processing.
Basis: legitimate interest.
Publishers have an interest in knowing who participated in their Conversations because they want to know who participates in or is interested in their events, so that they can use this information to inform these persons about similar events. For more information on what the Publisher may do with your data, please refer to the Publisher's Privacy Statement.
To be able to sell vouchers or products and services of the Publisher or a third party to you, to deliver and execute the payment.
To inform you about events and related services or products that may be of interest to you (see below). Basis: legitimate interest.
We have a legitimate interest in making the use of the App more enjoyable for you by being able to inform you about other events, products or services and the organisers or providers of those events, products or services have a legitimate interest in being able to better market their event, product or service
Among other things, we use the following data to inform you about events and related services or products that may be of interest to you:
The events you are attending or have attended or in which you have shown interest by participating in a Conversation about that event, and the price of your ticket, to inform you about: similar events and products that you can purchase during or in connection with the events you attend.
Your location (if you have enabled this) to inform you about events near you.
5. Recipients of your data
In principle, we do not share your data with third parties. The following persons / parties will be able to view or use your data (or a part thereof):
The Publisher himself is responsible for the use of personal data that the Publisher receives from us or via the App as described above. The Publisher may use the services of third parties for this purpose. More information about this can be found in the Publisher's Privacy Statement, which is also available in the App. We always try to make agreements with the Publisher to safeguard your rights, but unfortunately cannot guarantee that they will always comply with these.
6. Close as a processor
In addition to the use we make of your personal data for the provision of the App, we may use your personal data as a processor within the meaning of the AVG, i.e. on the instructions and under the responsibility of another party, such as a PublisherThis is the case, for example, when:
You purchase tickets for an event of a Publisher via a website managed by us.
We send you, before you install the App, an invitation to install the App.
If you purchase the ticket through us and/or we send you the invitation, we do so on behalf of the Publisher, who is the responsible party for this within the meaning of the AVG. We are merely the processor for that processing. Information about the Publisher, such as (a reference to) the Publisher's privacy statement, is available in the App.
7. Retention period
We will save your data no longer than necessary and remove your personal data no later than 1 year after you have removed the App.
If you no longer use the App, we will send you a message after one year asking whether you still wish to use the App. In the absence of a response to that message and a reminder about it, we will also delete your personal data.
We may retain (aggregated) data that can no longer be traced back to individuals for longer.
8. Your rights
You have the right to:
View the personal data we process about you;
Ask us to correct or delete the personal data; (you can also delete certain Conversations yourself in the App);
Object to the way we process your personal data;
Ask us to transfer your personal data (data portability);
Submit a complaint to the Personal Data Authority;
Withdraw any consent you have given us to process your personal data.
You can contact us for this purpose via the details listed under "Controller and contact".
9. Changes
We may change the way in which we process personal data and this privacy statement. In the event of material changes, we will actively inform you thereof within the App or using the data you have provided. The most recent version of our privacy statement can be found on our website business.thecloseapp.com and in the App.
Version: 25-3-2024