Privacy
Home
>
Privacy
>
Privacy
This privacy policy was updated on Sep 29, 2021.
According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679.
The Eyewind team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Eyewind collects, stores and uses the collected information related to Eyewind services.
Installing, using, registering or accessing the service in other ways means that you agree to this privacy policy and expressly agree to the processing of your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, please do not install, use, register or access the service in other ways. Eyewind reserves the right to modify this privacy policy within a reasonable time, so please check it frequently. If Eyewind makes major changes or changes to this privacy policy, Eyewind may post a notice and updated privacy policy on Eyewind's website. Your continued use of the service will signify your acceptance of the changes to this privacy policy.
Non-Personal Data
For the purposes of this privacy policy, "non-personal data" refers to information that cannot directly identify you. The types of non-personal data that Eyewind may collect and use include but are not limited to: application attributes, including but not limited to the names of applications, package names, and icons installed on your device. Your check-in to the game (including likes and recommendations) will be made public to all Eyewind users.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interaction with us, the choices you make (including your privacy settings), and the products and features you use. The data we collect may include SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent device identifier, iOS Advertising identifier (IDFA), Android advertiser identifier, network card (MAC) address, and International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) device model, terminal manufacturer, terminal device operating system version, session start/stop time, language location, time zone And network status (WiFi, etc.), hard disk, CPU, battery usage, etc.
Eyewind may use and disclose the collected non-personal data to Eyewind’s partners and contractors to analyze the use of the service, investigate and prevent unauthorized use of the service or take action to further develop the service and other Eyewind Services and products.
Personal Data
For the purposes of this privacy policy, "personal data" refers to personally identifiable information that can clearly identify you as an individual.
The personal information collected by Eyewind is the information you voluntarily provide us when you create an account or change your account information. This information includes your Facebook id, name, gender, location, and the id of your friends on Facebook. Eyewind also stores your game check-ins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
Personal data and information include:
1. The unique identifier (UDID) of your mobile device
2. The email address you use to log in to the social network
3. Your social network or third-party service user identification number (such as your Facebook ID number), which is associated with public information like your name and profile photo (including your friend’s social network ID number and other Public data)
4. In-game transaction identifiers and purchases
5. Your device type and its operating system version
6. The local language and country settings on your device
Use of Personal Data
Eyewind may use the collected personal data to analyze service usage, provide customer and technical support, manage and provide services (including managing advertising services), and further develop services and other Eyewind services and products. Eyewind may combine non-personal data with personal data. However, unless we are compelled by law, we will not share any personal data with any unaffiliated third party for any purpose……forever……
Please note that some functions of the service may connect to your social networking sites to obtain other information about you. In this case, if your social networking site allows, and when you agree to allow your social networking site to provide this information to Eyewind, Eyewind may be able to collect certain information from your social network profile. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country/region, your language, your time zone, organizations and links on your profile page, your Social networking sites “friends” and other information you include in your social networking site profile.
Disclosure and Transmission of Personal Data
Eyewind collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis. It does not engage in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. However, personal data may sometimes be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and this privacy policy.
Eyewind may disclose your personal data to third parties at the request of law enforcement agencies or other government officials in order to investigate fraud, intellectual property infringement, or other illegal activities or activities that may make you or Eyewind liable.
When Eyewind has reason to believe that it is necessary to disclose your personal data in order to resolve potential or actual harm or interference with Eyewind’s rights, property, operations, users, or others that may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Eyewind believes such disclosure It is necessary to protect Eyewind's rights, combat fraud, and/or comply with the judicial procedures, court orders or legal procedures provided on Eyewind. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, Eyewind will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosures through the Eyewind website or other reasonable means.
In addition, if Eyewind participates in a merger, acquisition, or sells part or all of its assets in any form, we will issue a notice before the transfer of personal information and subject to a different privacy policy.
According to mandatory legislation and this privacy policy, Eyewind may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in EU/EEA member states and within and outside the United States. Eyewind may disclose your personal data to third parties related to company mergers, mergers, reorganizations, sales of almost all Eyewind stocks and/or assets, or other company changes, including but not limited to during any due diligence process. However, this privacy policy will continue to govern such personal data.
Legal basis for data processing
As mentioned above, we process personal data for the purposes specified in this privacy policy. Our legal basis for processing personal data includes the following processing: Necessary to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and verify your identity so that you can use the website); Necessary to comply with legal requirements (For example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement agencies); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the safety of our services, and to communicate with you on our products and services) Communication); and based on the consent of our customers (for example, placing certain cookies and sharing your information with third parties for advertising purposes).
International transfer of personal data
Our business may require us to transfer your personal data to countries/regions outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including countries/regions such as the People’s Republic of China or Singapore. We take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipients of your personal data assume confidentiality obligations, and implement measures such as standard contractual clauses. Contact our help center to obtain a copy of these terms.
Safety measures
Eyewind follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable protective measures to try to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information held by Eyewind. Only those who need to process your personal data to complete their tasks and perform technical maintenance in accordance with the purpose of this privacy policy can access your personal data owned by Eyewind. The personal data collected by Eyewind is stored in a safe operating environment that is not available to the public. In order to prevent unauthorized online access to personal data, Eyewind saves personal data behind a server protected by a firewall. However, no system can be 100% secure, and despite Eyewind's reasonable efforts, it is still possible that your personal data may be accessed without authorization. By using the service, you assume this risk.
Other
Data Disclose in Social Networks
Please pay attention to the openness of certain social networks and other open features of the services that Eyewind may provide you. In the process of providing user-generated content to the service, you may choose to disclose data about yourself. Any data you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats, etc. is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Eyewind is not responsible for any personal data you choose to disclose in these forums.
Children’s Privacy
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in the country where you live, please ask your legal guardian for permission to use or access the service. Eyewind values  children’s privacy and encourages parents and/or guardians to always play an active role in children’s online experience. Eyewind will not deliberately collect any personal information of children under the above age. If Eyewind learns that Eyewind has unintentionally collected personal data of children under the above age, Eyewind will take reasonable measures to quickly delete such personal data from Eyewind's records.
Complaints
Eyewind will periodically review its compliance with this privacy policy. If Eyewind receives your formal written complaint, it is Eyewind’s policy to try to contact you directly to resolve any of your issues. Eyewind will cooperate with appropriate government agencies (including data protection agencies) to resolve any complaints about the collection, use, transmission or disclosure of personal data that cannot be resolved amicably between you and Eyewind.
Access right
According to the restrictions of applicable laws, you have the right to object to or request restrictions on the processing of your personal data, and you have the right to request access, correction, deletion and carrying of your own personal data.
If the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time without affecting the legality of processing based on consent before withdrawal.
Rectification
If you know that your information has changed or is inaccurate, you should notify us of such changes so that our records can be updated or corrected. If you believe that our processing of your personal data violates applicable laws, you can file a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Erasure
In some cases, you have the right to request that we delete the information we have collected from you. You may access or request deletion of your personal information directly by contacting us at
Privacy@eyewind.cc.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe and ask for the information that you need to provide.
As long as we provide services or products to you, we will retain your personal data, or as required or permitted by applicable laws (such as tax and accounting laws).
Should contact us via email to submit a request:
Privacy@eyewind.cc.