Privacy Policy
(Last Updated: 15 May 2024)
Metajoy Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is really important to Metajoy Limited (“Metajoy Limited”, “our”, “us” or “we”).
            We provide
            this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and
            disclosure of
            information we receive from users of our game applications for mobile devices and tablet computers (the
            “Apps”). This
            Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Apps. Metajoy is dedicated to
            transparency, data privacy, and security, and follows the strict regulations required by the CCPA
            (California Consumer
            Privacy Act), LGPD(Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados) and GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), as
            detailed in this
            privacy policy. If you have any concerns, please contact us using the methods provided in the Contact Us
            section of this
            document. If you disagree with your information being used as described in this Privacy Policy, please do
            not install or
            use the Services.
Reference Definition
Apple – means Apple, Inc., any parent or group company or any successor thereof which operates the Apple
            mobile platform
            currently called “App Store”.
Apps – means Our mobile applications and any services provided through the Apps. It is a part of the
            Services which We
            provide to You. A complete list of the Apps can be found at
https://www.metajoy.io
Content – means all kinds of content, including, but not limited to information, data, text, articles,
            links, software,
            sound, music, photographs, graphic or video messages, tags or other materials uploaded, communicated,
            transmitted,
            created, generated or otherwise made available or accessible via Our Services, whether publicly available or
            privately
            transmitted by a Third-Party Supplier, or contributed, submitted, displayed or otherwise provided by You
            when using the
            Services, or as a result of Your interaction with other user of the Services.
Device – means an authorized smart phone or a tablet or other mobile device, which You own or otherwise
            legally control
            solely for Your lawful, personal, and non-commercial use.
EEA – means the European Economic Area.
Policy – means the privacy policy, which describes how We collect, use, process, store and share information
            that We
            collect about You.
Representative – means a parent, or a legal guardian, or other representative under the applicable law of a
            person
            between 16 and 18 years of age.
Services – means Apps and Our related services/products and websites, which You download, install, use
            and/or visit.
Data Processing Agreement
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal data or personal information
            that can be used to identify you (“Personal Data”, or “data” or “information” or “Personal Information”). We
            may also collect Personal Data automatically, or from third-party partners or services. The Personal Data we
            collect includes:
Basic Identifiers and Contact Information
We collect some information from you when you provide it to us directly, such as via an email or online form,
            through the support feature embedded in our Services, or through another form of inquiry. This information
            may include your name, email, and phone number.
Device Information
When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use,
            operating system, resolution, application version, mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID
            or advertising ID), language, time zone and IP address.
Usage Information
We collect information automatically about your activity through our Services (Usage Information), such as
            the date and time you used a service, features you have used, your in-app purchase history, subscriptions,
            your interaction with advertisements, and data generated when you use our Services (for example your game
            progress which may be stored with your Apple ID on iCloud for iOS Devices, with your Google Play Games
            profile for Android Devices and with Facebook, in some of our Services).
Location
When you download and use our Services, we automatically detect your general location, namely country and
            state through your IP address. We may collect, with your consent if applicable, other location
            information through your IP address, such as the city you are in.
Media and other files
We may ask for access to your camera in case you want to use certain features of our Services.  In case you
            contact us through our in-app support feature and you need to upload any media or files as attachments, we
            shall ask for access to such files.
Information we obtain from third parties
We may receive information about you from our third-party service providers, who collect this information
            through our Services in accordance with their own privacy policies. A list of the third parties that operate
            in our Services can be found in the “
Advertising
                Partners
” section below.
Information we obtain when you connect with third parties
In cases we provide the option, and you decide, to connect our Services to your account with third parties
            like Apple, Facebook or Google, we may receive certain publicly available information about you, as well as
            any information that you allow or your settings enable to be accessed, including your Apple ID, Facebook
            user ID, Android Gamer Name, name and email subject to your permission. If you would like to manage your use
            of “Sign in with Apple” please go to Apple’s website to find out more. If you would like to edit the privacy
            and settings on Facebook, please go to Facebook’s website to find out more. If you would like to manage your
            use of “Sign in with Google Play Games” please go to Google’s website to find out more.
Information we obtain from Facebook
If you use our Services on Facebook or connect our Services to a Facebook account, we may receive any of the
            information you provide or permit to be provided to us via Facebook. Such information may include your user
            ID and your use of our game, including with whom you share our game on Facebook and your email address in
            case you opt to provide the same or wish to contact us for support. The information we receive depends on
            the Services you are using, Facebook's terms of service and privacy policy, your privacy settings, and, if
            applicable, your friends’ privacy settings. If you are uncertain about what information Facebook is sharing
            with us, please go to Facebook’s website to find out more about Facebook’s privacy practices.
The information we receive from Facebook and other third parties is stored and used by us in accordance with
            this Privacy Policy.
User generated content we obtain from you
We may collect content from posts or uploads on social networks or platforms or direct contact, subject to
            your consent if applicable. Such content may include, your name, social media username, image, likeness,
            voice, other identifiable information available in such user generated content.
Cookies and similar data collection technologies
We and our third-party advertising networks and their partners may use cookies and similar technologies, such
            as mobile “SDK”, to provide and personalize our Services and to provide targeted advertisements. Some of
            these technologies can synchronize behavior across different mobile apps, devices and websites so that
            advertisements can be tailored to your interests. This process is called personalized advertising. In
            addition, we and certain advertising networks may access your inventory of installed apps to avoid
            advertising already installed apps. If you'd like to opt-out from having advertisements personalized in this
            way on your mobile device, please see the ‘Right to opt-out’ section below.
Please note that, while your browser settings may allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal when you
            visit the Services, our Services (including apps and websites) are not configured to respond to “Do Not
            Track” signals received from browsers.
For more information on how third parties may use tracking technologies in our apps, go to “
Advertising
                Partners
” section below.
2. PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below a description of the ways in which we use your Personal Data, the legal bases we rely
            upon to do so and to provide you with an option to opt-out of certain practices, where applicable. We may
            use your Personal Data:
To provide and maintain our Services, recognize you when you return to our apps, to sync your progress across
            devices when you log in to your account with third parties and perform essential business operation, our
            legal basis for processing is performance of a contract with you which you entered into with us when you
            download our Services and accept our End User License Agreement.
To allow you to back-up and sync your progress using third party social networks to our Services, such as
            Google Play Games, Apple Game Center or Facebook. Some of our Services provide the option to sync and
            back-up your progress across different devices when you log-in through third-party social networks. These
            services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by you. Please note that the
            third-party social networks mentioned in this section are governed by their own privacy policies, terms and
            end-user agreements and we are not responsible for and have no control over the sharing practices or
            policies of the third parties that operate those sites. Further, when you disable the back-up feature,
            certain information might remain on your device(s) or the third-party social network. To delete these
            remaining data, please visit your device’s or third-party social network settings.
To administer and protect our Services (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, support, fraud,
            reporting and hosting of data). Our legal basis for processing is legitimate interests for running our
            business, provision of administration and services.
To communicate with you about any contact forms, helpdesk support and to understand how you use our Services
            so that we can continuously improve our offerings. Our legal basis is performance of a contract, legitimate
            interests or consent depending on the particular case to keep our users updated about our Services and our
            new features in accordance with your preference, and to continue to improve the Services we offer.
To opt-out of communication with us for our Services, send us your request through the online contact us
            support feature.
To cross-advertise our Services and products and to send push notifications for changes to our Services, to
            allow you to participate in new features of our Services when you choose to do so. Our legal basis is
            legitimate interests to be able to advertise our Services and products to our users and keep our users
            updated about our Services and our new features in accordance with your preference.
To opt out of receiving advertisements for our Services and products, send us a request by sending us an
            email at privacy@metajoy.io or contact us in-app,
You can opt-out of receiving push notifications by turning them off at the device level through the settings
            of the device.
To serve personalized advertisements in our Services using third-party advertising networks. Our legal basis
            is legitimate interests to run our business. However, if you are in the European Economic Area, the United
            Kingdom (the "UK"), Norway, Switzerland or Brazil, some of our third-party advertising networks, will rely
            on your consent to process Personal Data in order to provide personalized advertising to you, therefore you
            will be asked whether you consent to the collection of your mobile device advertising identifier and IP
            address so that they can provide a personalized advertisement experience. Metajoy participates in, and
            complies with the policies and technical specifications of, the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent
            Framework (IAB TCF).
To use user generated content which has been provided by you and such content includes Personal Data. Our
            legal basis is consent which is obtained directly by you from the medium (e.g. e-mail, social networks,
            social platforms) used to obtain such content.
You may withdraw your consent by providing us with written notice by email at privacy@metajoy.io
To respond to legal proceedings and other obligations or requirements under applicable law.
Advertising & Third-Party Products and Services
The Services are supported via advertising, and we collect certain data to help the Services serve ads. We
            may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Services are being used, such as the
            frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third-party advertising networks, who need to
            know how you interact with advertising provided in the Services which helps us keep the cost of the Services
            low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Services, including
            the unique identification ID of your mobile device. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an
            encryption technology to help ensure that these third-parties can’t identify you personally. These
            third-parties may also obtain information about other services you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the
            mobile
            websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise
            location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Services and
            elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our
            partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
How We May Share or Disclose Your Information with Third-Parties?
Third-party Websites, Social Media Platforms, and Software Development Kits.
We may share your information as described in this Privacy Policy (to provide the Services with our
            Third-party Service
            Providers; to comply with legal obligations; to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your
            consent.
Account holders
If you choose to connect your SNS Account to the Services, other Users of the Services will be able to see
            your SNS
            Account first name and profile picture and information related to your use of the Services, such as the
            number of times
            you have accessed or used the Services. For more information about the processing driven by the
            third-parties regarding
            social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the providers found here:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Game Center:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww
Google Play Games:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Guest Users
If you choose to use the Services without connecting to an SNS Account, your nickname and information
            related
            to your use of the Services, such as the number of times you have accessed or used the Services, will be
            viewable by other Users.
Information Shared with Our Services Providers
We may engage third-party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. These
            third-party services providers have access to your information only for the purpose of performing services
            on our behalf and are expressly obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Information Shared with Third-Parties
We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third-parties for industry
            analysis,
            demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions
Information that we collect from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset. As a
            result,
            if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy or if we are acquired as a result of a transaction such as a
            merger, acquisition or asset sale, your information may be disclosed or transferred to the third-party
            acquirer in connection with the transaction.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others
It is our policy to protect you from having your privacy violated through abuse of the legal systems,
            whether
            by individuals, entities or government, and to contest claims that we believe to be invalid under applicable
            law. However, it is also our policy to cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private
            parties. Accordingly, we reserve the right to disclose any information about you to government or law
            enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary: (i) to satisfy or
            comply with any applicable law, regulation or legal process or to respond to lawful requests, including
            subpoenas, warrants or court orders; (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the rights,
            property and safety of third-parties or the public in general; and (iv) to prevent or stop activity we
            consider to be illegal or unethical.
Information We Disclose With Your Consent or at Your Request
We will share your information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites, if you
            have expressly requested that we do so via the Services.
Law enforcement or government bodies
We may disclose your personal data as permitted by law in order to investigate, prevent or take action
            regarding illegal
            activities, suspected fraud, violation of our intellectual property rights, situations involving potential
            threats to
            the physical safety of any person, violation of our Terms and Conditions or other agreements, or as required
            by law.
The Security of Your Information
We take reasonable measures to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your
            information) from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Please be aware, however, that no method of
            transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we
            cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to a
            third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to
            that party’s privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not
            responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To
            protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and
            services that you access.
International Transfer
All Personal Information collected via or by Metajoy may be stored anywhere in the world, including, but not
            limited to,
            in China, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers and on the servers of our
            affiliates or
            the servers of our Service Providers. When we transfer your Personal Information internationally, we will
            take
            reasonable steps to ensure that it is treated securely, lawfully and in the manner, we describe here. Please
            note that
            laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, so the privacy laws applicable to the places where your
            information is
            transferred to or stored, used or processed in may be different from the privacy laws applicable to the
            place where you
            are resident. Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your
            state,
            province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as
            those in your
            jurisdiction. If you’re located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, we may
            transfer your
            information to the United States and China and process it there.
By providing information to Metajoy, you consent to the storage of your Personal Information in these
            locations.
If you are using our Services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection
            and use,
            please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to China and the United States and to
            Processing
            of your data globally. We share your personal data with our affiliates in the EU and outside the EU.
            International
            transfers with PLR affiliates outside the EEA, are governed by EU Commission-approved Standard Contractual
            Clauses for
            Controllers and, where relevant, for Processors. We share personal data with external vendors or service
            providers or
            suppliers that we engage to perform services or functions on our behalf and under our instructions. Where
            these vendors
            are located within the EU, we ensure that they are contractually obligated to comply with the EU data
            protection rules.
            We also ensure in our contracts with these organizations that they only Process Personal Data in accordance
            with our
            instructions and in order to provide the agreed services and protect the integrity and confidentiality of
            your personal
            data entrusted to them.
Our Policy Toward Children
Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under
            13. If you
            are a parent or legal representative of a child under the age of 13 (or under 16 in certain jurisdictions in
            the
            European Union) who uses our games, please contact us at privacy@metajoy.io and if we learn that we have
            collected PII of a
            child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We might notify you of any changes to
            our
            Privacy Policy by way of notification or pop-up. Your continued use of our Services signifies your
            acceptance of changes to this Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for
            any changes.
California Privacy Rights
According to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), users who are California residents may request and
            obtain a
            list of the Third-Parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) and the type of
            personal
            information disclosed to those parties during the prior calendar year.
USER RIGHTS
Right to correct personal information
We try to keep the information that we hold about you accurate and up to date. Should you realize that any
            of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know at privacy@metajoy.io and we will
            correct it as soon as we can.
Right To Delete
You have the right to request the deletion of the personal information we have collected from you and
            retained, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to have your data deleted sooner, please contact us at
            privacy@metajoy.io. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct
            our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records.
Right to opt-out
You have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information, which is defined in a way that may include
            the transfer of data to third parties to personalize ads for you. If you opt-out of the sale or share of
            your information, we will not sell or share your information, including to our advertising partners, but you
            may still see ads in the game and some of our partners may deliver ads to you, based on information they
            hold on you.
            About how to adjust your preferences for interest-based advertising for more information:
1. Disconnect your social media or network account from our games;
2. Reset your mobile advertising identifier or limit ad tracking altogether using the settings on your
            phone, please refer to
HERE
.
3. Limit or prevent the use of cookies in your web browsers.
Advertising Partners
When you play our games or use our Services, the advertising networks and their partners,
            that are listed below, and would like your consent, may collect or receive device information
            from our apps and other apps that include personal and non-personal information, such as advertising (or ad)
            identifiers,
            IP address, or other information regarding the delivery of advertisements and your interaction with them
            non-personal identifiers and other information from your device is collected and shared with advertising
            partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device
            If you consent to or are opted into, the collection and use of your data for targeted
            advertising purposes by our advertising partners. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’
            privacy policies for more information. You can refuse or withdraw your consent to such use at any time and
            please refer to
HERE
.
AdColony
Privacy Policy:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Amazon Developer
Privacy Policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Manage your personalized ad preferences in relation to Amazon directly from your Amazon account here:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
AppLovin and Applovin MAX
Privacy Policy:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
BidMachine
Privacy Policy:
https://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/
ChartBoost
Privacy Policy:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Meta Audience Network
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You can manage your personalized ad preferences in relation to Facebook directly from your Facebook account.
Fyber
Privacy Policy:
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
Google AdMob and their partners
Privacy Policy of Google:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
AdMob Partners:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Google AdSense
Google Ads Settings web page:
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Index Exchange
Privacy Policy:
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
InMobi
Privacy Policy:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Opt-out:
https://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/
ironSource
Privacy Policy:
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Mintegral
Privacy Policy:
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
MobileFuse
Privacy Policy:
https://mobilefuse.com/privacy-policy/
MyTarget
Privacy Policy:
https://legal.my.com/us/mytarget/privacy/
Pangle
Privacy Policy:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
PubMatic
Privacy Policy:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Opt-out:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
PubNative
Privacy Policy:
https://pubnative.net/privacy-notice/
Smaato and their vendors
Privacy Policy:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
For more information on the Smaato Vendors, please visit:
https://www.smaato.com/partner-list/
Tapjoy
Privacy Policy:
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
Tappx
Privacy Policy:
https://www.tappx.com/privacy-policy/
TripleLift
Privacy Policy:
https://triplelift.com/privacy/
Unity Ads
Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Verve
Privacy Policy:
https://www.verve.com/privacy-policy/
Vungle
Privacy Policy:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Yahoo and partners
Privacy Policy:
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
For more information on Yahoo partners, please visit:
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/topic/ourpartners/index.htm
Analytics and other service providers
Moloco
Privacy Policy:
https://www.moloco.com/privacy-policy
Aarki
Privacy Policy:
https://corp.aarki.com/privacy
Amobee
Privacy Policy:
https://www.amobee.com/trust/privacy-guidelines/
Kayzen
Privacy Policy:
https://kayzen.io/data-privacy-policy
Liftoff
Privacy Policy:
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
LoopMe
Privacy Policy:
https://legal.loopme.com/#loopme-policies
Simpli.fi
Privacy Policy:
https://simpli.fi/simpli-fi-services-privacy-policy/
Reklamup
Privacy Policy:
https://reklamup.com/privacy.php
HyprMX
Privacy Policy:
https://jungroup.com/pp/
Premium Ads
Privacy Policy:
https://premiumads.net/privacy/
Start.io
Privacy Policy:
https://www.start.io/privacy-faq/
Display.io
Privacy Policy:
https://www.display.io/publisher-terms-and-conditions/
Bigo Ads
Privacy Policy:
https://www.bigossp.com/agreement/privacyPolicy?v=v1.0.0
VRTCAL
Privacy Policy:
https://www.vrtcal.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/PrivacyPolicy-Advertising.pdf
Epsilon (formerly known as Conversant)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.epsilon.com/emea/privacy-policy-services
Rise
Privacy Policy:
https://risecodes.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Risecodes.com-Privacy-Policy-March-23-2023.pdf
Ogury
Privacy Policy:
https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/
Media.net
Privacy Policy:
https://www.media.net/privacy-policy/
illumin  (formerly known as Acuity Ads)
Privacy Policy:
https://illumin.com/legal/privacy/
OpenX
Privacy Policy:
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Xandr
Privacy Policy:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Analytics and other service providers
We use your information to perform our own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties and
            other essential functions.
            We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations, business intelligence,
            product development, improving the Services,
            personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations. In order to learn about how your
            information is used by our analytics service providers, you can follow the hyperlinks in the list below to
            each provider’s privacy notice.
AppsFlyer
Privacy Policy:
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
AWS
Privacy Policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Facebook Ads conversion
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Facebook Analytics
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Firebase
Instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
For more information visit the site “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps”
            available at:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Yandex
Privacy Policy:
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/?lang=en
Thinking Data
Privacy Policy:
https://doc.thinkingdata.cn/tdamanual/installation/privacy.html
Tenjin
Privacy Policy:
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy
Questions?
Please contact us at privacy@metajoy.io if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:

Sub-policy 3
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 4
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 5
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 6
https://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
1. Purpose
BidMachine, Inc., a Delaware corporation has developed this Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) to demonstrate our commitment to protecting our users’ privacy. The terms “BidMachine,” “we,” “us”, and “our” include BidMachine, Inc. and any affiliates and subsidiaries. The terms “you” and “your” refer to any individuals and entities who use our Services or visit our Website (including our publishers, advertisers, demand partners, and other service providers) and our Employees.
This Policy describes our online and offline information practices, the kinds of information we may collect, how we intend to use that information, with whom your information may be shared, and how you can opt-out of such uses or correct or change such information. By using our Services or our Website, you agree to the practices described in this Policy. This Policy is an integral part of and is incorporated by reference into our Terms of Service (the “
Terms
”). Any capitalized terms used but not defined in this Policy will have the meaning defined in the Terms.
2. Scope
This Policy applies to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“
Personal Information
”) that is collected, recorded, stored, adapted, used, or otherwise made available (collectively, “
Processed
”) by BidMachine in the course of our business providing an ad mediation platform, tools and other services (the “Services”) or the functionality of the Website. All individuals and entities whose responsibilities include Processing Personal Information on our behalf are expected to protect that data by adherence to this Policy. This Policy is intended to meet requirements globally, including those in North America, Europe, APAC, and other jurisdictions.
3. Transparency/Notice: Types of Personal Information We Collect And How We Use It
The types of Personal Information we may collect (directly from you or from Third-Party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with BidMachine and the requirements of applicable law. BidMachine may collect Personal Information in the following ways:
You may provide Personal Information directly to BidMachine through interacting with the Services or our Website, participating in surveys, during events, and requesting products, Services, or information.
As you interact with the Services or our Website, certain passive information may also be collected about your visit, including through Technologies as described below. We endeavor to collect only that information which is relevant for the purposes of Processing. Below are the ways we collect Personal Information and how we use it.
(a) Types Of Personal Information BidMachine Collects
BidMachine collects Personal Information regarding its current, prospective, and former clients, customers, publishers, demand partners, users, visitors, guests, and Employees (collectively “
Individuals
”).
Information You Provide Directly to Us.
When you use the Services or the Website or engage in certain activities, such as registering for an account with BidMachine, requesting Services or information, or contacting us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information:
Account Registration.
When you register for an account to access our Services, we collect information about you which may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, and billing information such as your credit card number.
Communications with Us.
We may also collect Personal Information from you such as your name, email address, phone number or mailing address when you choose to request information about our products and Services, register for a newsletter, contact customer service, or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys.
From time to time, we may contact you to participate in online surveys. If you do decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include Personal Information. All information collected from your participation in our surveys is provided by you voluntarily. We may use such information to improve our products, Website and/or Services and in any manner consistent with the policies provided herein.
Automatic Data Collection.
We may collect certain information automatically through our Services, Website, or other methods of web analysis, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your Device when you access the Internet, location data, browser type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before and after using the Website or our Services, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page, information about the links you click and pages you view on our Website, and other actions taken through use of the Website or Services such as preferences.
Information from Other Sources.
We may also obtain information about you through Third-Party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to BidMachine and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.
(b) Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based Advertising
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services or Website, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, mobile device identifiers and other technologies (“
Technologies
”) to automatically collect information through the Services or Website. We use Technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a “Device”) that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services, and to recognize you across Devices.
Cookies.
Cookies are bits of data stored on your Device through your browser or mobile application that allow the mobile application to remember you the next time you visit. Cookies enable smoother, more efficient use of the Website by storing your specific information and preferences such as theme, language setting, privacy preferences, and even user ID and password, so you do not need to reenter those each time you visit the Website. You may choose to block or delete cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website.
Advertising Identifiers.
We may also use mobile advertising identifiers to recognize your device and perform the services. Depending on your device, you can chose to change or limit the transmission of your mobile advertising identifier by going into your device settings.
Web Bugs/Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
We may also use web bugs (also called web beacons) to help us understand the behavior of our users by allowing us to track user demographics and traffic patterns.
Social Media Widgets.
Our Website includes social media features such as the Facebook “Like” button and LinkedIn (that might include widgets such as the share this button or other interactive mini-programs). These features may collect information including your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Analytics.
We may also utilize Google Analytics and Yandex Metrics in the collection, compilation and analysis of information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on some of our Services, and to develop website content. This analytics data is not tied to any Personal Information. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
. You can opt out of Google’s collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. You can out opt of Yandex Metrics by going to
yandex.com/support/metrica/general/opt-out.html
Our uses of such Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary.
We may use Technologies that are necessary to the operation of our Services or Website. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services; or that are required to identify irregular Website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security;
Performance Related.
We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services or Website, including as part of our analytics practices, to help us understand how our visitors use our Website, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our Services or Website;
Functionality Related.
We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services or Website. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Website or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our Website;
Advertising or Targeting Related.
We may use first-party or Third-Party Technologies to deliver content, including ads that may be relevant to your interests, on our Website or on Third-Party websites. This includes using Technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that have been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.
We may also combine the information we collect through Technologies with other Personal Information we have collected from and about you. If you would like to opt out of the Technologies we employ through our Services, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or Device permits.
(c) How BidMachine Uses Your Information
We acquire, hold, use, and Process Personal Information based on the legal grounds and for the legitimate business purposes outlined in this Policy, such as:
To Provide Services or Information Requested:
BidMachine may use information about you to fulfill requests for Services or information, including information about potential or future Services, including to:
Generally manage Individual information and accounts;
Respond to questions, comments, and other requests;
Provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of BidMachine’s Services or Website;
Allow you to register for events.
Administrative Purposes:
BidMachine may use Personal Information about you for its administrative purposes, including to:
Ensure you have a personalized and consistent experience in using the Website and Services;
Protect the security of our Service and Website
and to prevent fraud;
Measure interest in BidMachine’s Services
b and perform analytics;
Notify you of changes to the Website or Services;
Develop new Services;
Ensure internal quality control;
Verify Individual identity;
Communicate about Individual accounts and activities on BidMachine’s Services, Website and systems, and, in BidMachine’s discretion, changes to any BidMachine policy;
Send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
Process payment for Services purchased;
Process applications and transactions;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforce our Terms of Use.
Marketing BidMachine Services:
BidMachine may use Personal Information to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services. BidMachine may provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, facsimile, or email, as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include:
To tailor content, advertisements, and offers;
To notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you;
To provide Services to you and our sponsors;
For other purposes disclosed at the time that Individuals provide Personal Information;
Otherwise with your consent.
You may contact us at any time to opt-out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as further described in Section 6 below.
Research and Development:
BidMachine may use Personal Information to create non-identifiable information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources, in order to help us improve our Website, to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new Services. From time to time, BidMachine may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage Third-Party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve Individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the Services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Services or our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities. If an Individual participates in a survey, the information given will be used along with that of other study participants. We may share anonymous Individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes.
Direct Mail, Email and Outbound Telemarketing:
Individuals who provide us with Personal Information, or whose Personal Information we obtain from Third Parties, may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us with information on BidMachine’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest. We offer the option to decline these communications at no cost to the Individual by following the instructions in Section 6 below.
Mobile Devices:
BidMachine provides Services that are specifically designed to be compatible and used on mobile Devices. BidMachine will collect certain information that your mobile Device sends when you use such Services, like a GPS location, user settings and the operating system of your Device. BidMachine’s Services require that users log in with an account, and information collected through mobile versions of the Services is associated with user accounts. In addition, BidMachine may enable Individuals to download an application, widget, or other tool that can be used on Devices. Some of these tools may store information on Devices. These tools may transmit Personal Information to BidMachine to enable Individuals to access user accounts and to enable BidMachine to track use of these tools. Some of these tools may enable users to email reports and other information from the tool. BidMachine may use personal or non-identifiable information transmitted to BidMachine to enhance these tools, to develop new tools, for quality improvement and as otherwise described in this Policy or in other notices BidMachine provides.
Anonymous and Aggregated Information:
BidMachine may use Personal Information and other information about you to create anonymized and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the Device from which you access BidMachine’s Services or Website, or other analyses we create. Anonymized and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services or Website. Anonymized or aggregated information is not Personal Information, and BidMachine may use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. We may share this information within BidMachine and with Third Parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.
Sharing Content with Friends or Colleagues:
BidMachine’s Services may offer various tools and functionality. For example, BidMachine may provide functionality on its Services that will allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague. Email addresses that you may provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request, but will not be collected or otherwise used by BidMachine or any other Third Parties for any other purpose.
Other Uses:
BidMachine may use Personal Information for other purposes for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent.
(d) Third-Party Websites and Social Media Platforms
The Website may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website or other Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and BidMachine does not endorse or make any representations about Third-Party websites or social media platforms. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that they interact with. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
The Website and our Services may also contains links and interactive features with various social media platforms. If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your Device when using our Website or Services. You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. We are unable to control such uses of your information when interacting with a social media platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
(e) Software Development Kit
To provide our Services, we offer a software development kit (“SDK”) which allows us to access your Mobile Properties. We may collect Personal Information about users of your Mobile Properties through our SDK, including IP addresses, mobile advertising IDs, GPS location (if appropriate permission is given), application usage statistics such as launch times and duration, ad views and click-throughs. Advertisers or demand partners that provide content through our SDK may also collect Personal Information or other information about your users through our SDK. You agree that, in order to use our SDK, you will obtain appropriate consent from your users for the collection, use and sharing of Personal Information through our SDK, and that you will maintain and process all user data in accordance with your privacy policy and all applicable laws in any country in which your Mobile Properties are distributed or used and users are located.
If you use our SDK as a publisher, you agree that we may also share certain non-personal information about your use of the SDK through your Mobile Properties with advertisers and demand partners who provide content through our SDK. Such information may include the number of requests you receive for ad placements on your Mobile Properties, the number of impressions and click-throughs generated, information about revenue you receive, and eCPM data.
4. Human Resources Data
BidMachine collects Personal Information from Employees, their contact points in case of a medical emergency, and beneficiaries under any insurance policy (“
Human Resources Data
”). “Employees” include current, temporary, permanent, prospective or former employees, directors, contractors, workers, or retirees of BidMachine. The Human Resources Data we collect may include title, name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, passport number, driver’s license number, Social Security number or other government-issued identification number, financial information related to credit checks, bank details for payroll, information that may be recorded on a CV or application form, language abilities, contact information of third parties in case of an emergency and beneficiaries under any insurance policy. We may also collect sensitive Human Resources Data such as details of health and disability, including mental health, medical leave, and maternity leave; and information about national origin or immigration status.
We acquire, hold, use and Process Human Resources-related Personal Information for a variety of business purposes including:
Workflow management, including assigning, managing and administering projects;
Human Resources administration and communication;
Payroll and the provision of benefits;
Compensation, including bonuses and long-term incentive administration, stock plan administration, compensation analysis, including monitoring overtime and compliance with labor laws, and company recognition programs;
Job grading activities;
Performance and employee development management;
Organizational development and succession planning;
Benefits and personnel administration;
Absence management;
Helpdesk and IT support services;
Regulatory compliance;
Internal and/or external or governmental compliance investigations;
Internal or external audits;
Litigation evaluation, prosecution, and defense;
Diversity and inclusion initiatives;
Restructuring and relocation;
Emergency contacts and services;
Employee safety;
Compliance with statutory requirements;
Processing of Employee expenses and travel charges;
Acquisitions, divestitures, and integrations.
5. Onward Transfer—BidMachine May Disclose Your Information
(a) Information We Share
We may share your information as described in this Policy (e.g., with our Third-Party service providers; to comply with legal obligations; to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your permission. The complete Third-Party service provider list can be found here:
bidmachine.io/partners-privacy-policies/
We Use Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers, including advertisers that provide content through our SDK. The types of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust Personal Information include service providers for: (i) provision of IT and related services, such as web hosting or data management; (ii) provision of information and services you have requested; (iii) payment processing; and (iv) customer service activities; and (v) in connection with the provision of the Website. BidMachine has executed appropriate contracts with the service providers that prohibit them from using or sharing Personal Information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
Business Partners.
We may choose to share Personal Information with our business partners and affiliates for our and our affiliates’ internal business purposes, or to provide you with Services that you have requested. BidMachine may also provide Personal Information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear, along with BidMachine’s. BidMachine requires our affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of Personal Information they maintain on our behalf and not to use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which BidMachine provided it to them.
Interest-Based Advertising and Third Party Marketing.
Through our Services, BidMachine may allow Third-Party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.g., cookies or other Technologies) to collect information regarding your activities (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day). We may also share such de-identified information as well as selected Personal Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) we have collected with Third-Party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-BidMachine related websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising. We may allow access to other data collected by the Website to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with Third-Party advertising partners, you may opt-out of such sharing at no cost by following the instructions in Section 6 below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures).
We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information, other account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; (iii) protect yours’, ours’ or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iv) to enforce BidMachine policies or contracts; (v) to collect amounts owed to BidMachine; (vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes—e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing IP addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies in order that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. Should such an event occur, BidMachine will endeavor to direct the transferee to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected.
(b) Data Transfers
All Personal Information collected via or by BidMachine may be stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, in the United States, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your Personal Information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to BidMachine, you consent to the storage of your Personal Information in these locations.
6. Choice/Modalities to Opt-Out
(a) General
You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. Where you have consented to BidMachine’s Processing of your Personal Information or sensitive Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out to further Processing by following the instructions in this Section. Even if you opt-out, we may still collect and use non-Personal Information regarding your activities on our Website and/or information from the advertisements on Third-Party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements.
(b) Email and Telephone Communications
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt-out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain communications regarding BidMachine and our Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms or this Policy).
We maintain telephone “do-not-call” and “do-not-mail” lists as mandated by law. We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists within 60 days after receipt, or such shorter time as may be required by law.
(c) Human Resources Data
With regard to Personal Information that BidMachine receives in connection with the employment relationship, BidMachine will use such Personal Information only for employment-related purposes as more fully described above. If BidMachine intends to use this Personal Information for any other purpose, BidMachine will notify the Individual and provide an opportunity to opt-out of such uses.
(d) Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
(e) Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
We hope that you find the display of interest-based Ads valuable. However, if you wish to opt-out of these advertising services, you can edit your preferences by visiting the “Settings” page of the Website and selecting the option to opt-out.
As noted above, you may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your Devices or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, on many mobile Devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their Device settings or by downloading the AppChoices mobile application offered by the Digital Advertising Alliance.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
optout.networkadvertising.org
, or
youronlinechoices.eu
and
optout.aboutads.info
. You can also choose not to be included in Google Analytics by following this link:
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
To be clear, whether you are using our opt-out found at
bidmachine.io/sdk-opt-out/
and/or an online industry opt-out, these cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each Device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile Device. You must separately opt-out on each Device. Advertisements on Third-Party websites that contain the AdChoices link and that link to this Privacy Policy may have been directed to you based on anonymous, non-Personal Information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites. These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt-out of the advertising partners’ use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.
7. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain appropriate safeguards and current security standards to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse, such as using SSL encryption. However, no system can be completely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. While we take meaningful steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information will always remain secure. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Website or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Website. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Website or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
8. Rights of Access, Rectification, Erasure, and Restriction
You can review and change certain Personal Information related to your use of our Website or Services (such as your name and contact information). To access your information, simply sign in to your account and you will be able to edit your Personal Information.
You may inquire as to whether BidMachine is Processing Personal Information about you, request access to Personal Information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Information where it is inaccurate. Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may send an e-mail to legal@BidMachine.com or use any of the methods set out in this Policy to request access to, receive (port), restrict Processing, seek rectification, or request erasure of Personal Information held about you by BidMachine. Such requests will be processed in line with local laws.
| Although BidMachine makes good faith efforts to provide Individuals with access to their Personal Information, there may be circumstances in which BidMachine is unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the Individual’s privacy in the case in question or where it is commercially proprietary. If BidMachine determines that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries. To protect your privacy, BidMachine will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Information.
9. Retention
BidMachine retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
10. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Website is restricted to individuals over the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16) years of age, and no part of the Website is directed to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at legal@BidMachine.com. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
11. International Users
By using the Website, you will transfer data to the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your Personal Information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
12. REDRESS/COMPLIANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY
Questions or concerns regarding our compliance with this Policy may be directed to
dpo@bidmachine.io
or contact us at:
BidMachine, Inc.
1640 Boro Place, 4th Floor
McLean, Virginia 22102, USA
BidMachine will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
If you are an EU citizen and feel that BidMachine is not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the contact information provided above. If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your EU Member State.
13. OTHER RIGHTS AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
(a) CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND PRACTICES
Revision to the Privacy Policy.
We may revise this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion, so review it periodically. If you continue to visit this Website or use our Services after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes.
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy.
If there are any material changes to this Policy, BidMachine will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice as applicable). If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.
New Uses of Personal Information.
Additionally, before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will endeavor to provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt-out. Where consent of the Individual for the Processing of Personal Information is otherwise required by law or contract, BidMachine will endeavor to comply with the law or contract.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the Third Parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information disclosed to those parties. BidMachine does not share Personal Information with Third Parties for their own marketing purposes.
The last update to our Privacy Policy was posted on Jan 26, 2022.
Let's Work Together to Make your Business Scaling Up!
Fill the form and BidMachine manager will contact you soon
Thank You!
BidMachine manager will contact you soon.
Sub-policy 7
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/:
Error
404
Page Not Found
Please check the URL for proper spelling and capitalization. If you're having trouble locating a destination, try visiting the:
Home Page
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 8
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/:
Welcome to the Index Exchange Privacy Center
We are committed to protecting your privacy and treating your personal information, personal data, or the equivalent term in your region (collectively,
Personal Data
) with transparency, care, and respect. Unless otherwise specified, any reference to
Index Exchange
,
we
, or our in the policies, notices, and other web links referenced in the Privacy Center means Index Exchange Inc., and its direct and indirect global subsidiaries.
Exchange Platform
The ‘Exchange Platform Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to our advertising exchange platform; it explains
what Personal Data we collect
and
why
, and how we use or
share
your Personal Data. For example, if you receive an ad on your web browser that was delivered with the help of our technology, the ‘Exchange Platform Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to you.
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE NOTICE
Website and Corporate
The ‘Website and Corporate Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to our corporate activities; it explains
what Personal Data we collect
and
why
, and how we use or
share
your Personal Data. For example, if you visit our corporate website or apply to one of our job postings, the ‘Website and Corporate Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to you.
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE NOTICE
Your Privacy Rights
It is important to Index Exchange to ensure that you understand your privacy rights and how to make choices about your Personal Data. To learn more about how you can request access to and make decisions about the Personal Data we may collect, use, or share about you, please visit:
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
About Us
Index Exchange is a global digital advertising marketplace. Our technology (the
Index Exchange Platform
) helps our clients deliver advertising to you. The Index Exchange Platform hosts digital auctions that help our clients buy and sell online ads (collectively, our
Platform Services
). These ads can be found on websites, mobile applications (
Apps
), or video programming services, such as streaming apps on Smart TVs (collectively,
Digital Properties
).
As with any exchange platform, we act as an intermediary between buyers and sellers. Throughout this Policy, we refer to our clients that sell ad space as
Publishers
. Publishers own or operate the Digital Properties you may use or visit. We refer to clients that buy ad space (for example, advertisers) as
Buyers
. Buyers may include Demand-Side Platforms (
DSP
), Data Management Platforms (
DMPs
) and other partners (collectively,
Demand-Side Partners
). Demand-Side Partners act as additional intermediaries in the digital advertising supply chain that connect advertisers to Index Exchange to serve relevant ads to you on the Publisher Digital Properties you visit. Demand-Side Partners liaise with other Buyers, which also include advertisers (for example, brands), advertising agencies, and ad networks (collectively,
Ad Partners
). In summary, Index Exchange and Demand-Side Partners act as intermediaries that connect Ad Partners with Publishers to deliver relevant digital ads to you.
Learn more about us
Contact
Privacy Team at Index Exchange
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about the above or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@indexexchange.com
or at:
Attn: Index Exchange c/o Privacy
8 Spadina Avenue, Suite 2600, Toronto, Ontario
M5V0S8 Canada
Data Protection Officer
You can also contact our DPO at
gdpr@legalarmy.net
or at:
Attn: Index Exchange Data Protection Officer
Legal Army, S.L., B88103700
Calle Princesa 31, Piso 5, Puerta A1, Madrid, Spain, 28008
Sub-policy 10
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 11
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/:
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
PRIVACY POLICY
September 14
th
2024
Mintegral entities (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, Mintegral entities providing Mintegral Service which are subject to applicable disclosure requirements can be viewed
HERE
collectively, “Mintegral”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Mintegral’s handling of two types of information:
(1)Information we receive when we provide our service, including (i) device information about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) information about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device information generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and information collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) information provided by Business Partners when they use Mintegral’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by Mintegral mentioned in this section are referred to as “Mintegral Service”.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection for Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information
.
(2)Information we receive through the following websites from website visitors (hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website: (i) our website at:
www.mintegral.com
www.mintegral.net
or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection of Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between Mintegral and you. By using the Mintegral Service or Mintegral Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the Mintegral Service or the Mintegral Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of Mintegral’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”),
the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), the any personal information protection law announced by Chinese governments
(“PIPL”)
, and
the US States Privacy Laws
(
“
US States Privacy Laws
”
)
including
California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA")
,
the Colorado Privacy Act
(
“CPA”
), t
he Utah Consumer Privacy Act
(
“UCPA”
),
the Connecticut Data Protection Act
(
“CDPA”
),
the
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”)
, and
the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”)
.
For the purpose of this Policy, “Processor” means an “entrusted handler” under the PIPL, a “processor” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means a “personal information handler” under the PIPL, a “controller” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “business” under the CCPA.
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
1. Introduction
This Policy describes Mintegral’s information collection and use while (i) Users view ads served by the Mintegral Services or interact with Mintegral’s Services in any manner; (ii) Users interact with platforms, applications, websites or other services provided by Business Partners; (iii) Business Partners interact with Mintegral’s Service.
Except as explicitly stated in this Policy, Mintegral acts as a Controller under the GDPR when processing Users' personal information in the provision of Mintegral Services.
Our technology enables our partners to show Users more relevant advertising that is based on Users’ interests and behaviors. In order to provide Mintegral Services, we may collect and use certain information about User activity and preferences. We understand how important it is to keep such User’s personal information confidential and discrete, especially in today’s online world. To this end, we have designed this Policy in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that our privacy practices can be clearly understood.
The Mintegral Services may link to third party websites, Apps or other third party content. Please note that we cannot control the treatment of a User’s information by such third parties, and that the privacy practices of third parties likely differ from those described in this Policy.
2. How We Collect Users’ Information
Depending on the nature of a User’s interaction with the Mintegral Services, or any service provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we may collect information directly from such User or from our Business Partners (e.g. mobile application developers, ad exchange platforms, supply-side platform and advertisers). For example, (1) we may collect user information through SDK embedded in mobile apps; (2) our Business Partners such as ad exchange platform and supply-side platform may share user information with us when they initiates an ad request to our DSP; (3) our advertisers or their third-party attribution platforms may share user information with us.
Therefore, in the process of providing Mintegral's services, we have no direct contact with users. We will obtain authorized consent from users regarding the collection and use of personal information through Mintegral's business partners (e.g., mobile application developers or advertisers). In our cooperation agreements with Mintegral's business partners, we have required them to commit to and guarantee the legitimacy of the data source, and they will inform users of the specifics of our processing of personal information as required by applicable law and obtain valid consent from users (obtaining separate consent as required by applicable law if necessary), and guarantee that users can revoke such consent at any time.
3. Information We May Collect From Users
When you view ads served by Mintegral Service or interact with services provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we and/or our Business Partners may collect your information.
(1) The information we collect through our SDK may include the following types：
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID
,
Ama
zon
ID
or MAC address
. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
Notes: For Users of Android device in Mainland China, after our SDK receives an ad offer from Advertisers/DSPs, we may check if you have installed the app promoted by our ad before showing this ad to you, and if you have already installed the app, we will not show this ad to you (“Impression-Filter”), and we will inform the service end not to serve this ad when the ad request is sent by your device in the future. Mintegral only collects information related to the ad which is Impression-Filtered, and Mintegral does not collect any other information related to any installed application.
⑤
Interactive Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
timestamp, device event information such as crashes, system activity, the date and time of your request and referral URL, user-agent.
(2)
When you install and use the product (e.g. app) after you view and click an ad served by us, we may collect information
f
rom a
dvertis
ers o
r
the
ir
att
rib
ution
mea
s
urem
ent
partn
ers
in
clu
ding
the fol
l
owin
g t
y
pes:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application version;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of when the installation event other other event occurred;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
TCF string.
Special note: The TCF string is a machine-readable string defined by IAB Europe that encodes your consent choices regarding the processing of your personal information by us. For more information about the TCF string, you can visit the
IAB Europe website
. Please note that we only collect your TCF string information when you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We may also collect the following information from the mediation platforms that the advertiser works with:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application package name;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of the occurrence of the monetization event;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
(3) Where Mintegral acts as Demand Side Platform (“DSP”), the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform may share with us your personal information through API may include the following:
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Advertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, Mobile Ad Identifier such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of network, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status;
④
Application Information:
version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with the Mintegral Services, user-agent;
⑤
Interactive Information:
we may also collect information about your interaction with ads served by us, such as information that you have viewed or clicked an ad;
⑥
Others:
other information transferred by the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform.
We cooperates with reputational ad exchange platforms and supply-side platform including Google Doubleclick Ad Exchange. The ad exchange platforms or the supply-side platform may receive an ad request containing your personal information and, to the extent permitted by applicable law or with User’s valid consent, transfer to Mintegral to build your profile, personalize your ad experience, and serve future ads you may see on the internet.
(4) As we provide Mintegral Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access Mintegral websites, IP address of the individuals using Mintegral services on behalf of such Business Partners.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Sensitive Personal Information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal information may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
4. How We Use Users’ Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purpose:
Type
o
f Personal Information
Usage
Device Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions:
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal information to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our Mintegral Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Contact Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal information of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use Mintegral Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive Personal Information
/
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
5. The Legal Basis for Our Processing of Users' Personal Information
(1) Where required by applicable laws, We have contractually agreed that our Business Partners (e.g. developer of mobile app integrated with Mintegral’s SDK, advertisers) will obtain consent of a user or their employees for and on our behalf for our processing of his/her personal information described in this Privacy Policy. A data subject can withdraw their consent at any time.
(2) According to the laws and regulations, the following are exceptions to obtaining the consent of the user:
① Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract with the data subject;
② Necessary to fulfill our legal obligations;
③ Necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property of the data subject in an emergency;
④For the implementation of news reporting, public opinion monitoring and other acts in the public interest, within a reasonable range of the handling of end-user personal information;
⑤In accordance with the provisions of applicable laws within a reasonable range to process the personal information disclosed by the data subject himself/herself or other personal information which has been lawfully disclosed.
(3) If you are located in the European Economic Area, we may use your personal information based on the "legitimate interests" set forth in the GDPR, in necessary cases. Our legitimate interests include: monitoring and preventing fraudulent activity, remove technical obstacles to system operation and ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely.
6. How We Share, Entrust the Processing, Transfer, Disclose And Transmit Users’ Personal Information
(1)
Sharing
We may share personal information collected by us with third parties for the following purposes and scenarios：
<
vertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
No.
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
1
Advertisers, advertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
See the list of Third Parties for details
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID  or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
⑤
Interactive
Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal information, Mintegral acts as a Processor on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal information;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③
for performing precise targeting.
2
Mintegral Affiliates
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
for internal data analysis among our affiliates to improve service quality and provide their clients with analytical services based on aggregate data;
3
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (4) of Article 3 of this Policy
for promoting the products or services of our affiliates to users.
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)
Entrusted Processing
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
cloud service providers
See the cloud service providers
Including all types of personal information described in Article 3 of this Policy
① for responding to advertising requests;
② for ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely;
③ for purpose of data storage.
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not entrust other third parties with the processing of Users' personal information.
(3)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① W
e inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal information and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal information, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal information. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(4)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal information of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal information to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
(5) International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, the personal information we collect about you under this Privacy Policy will be stored in the mainland of the People's Republic of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If our business partners transfer your personal information overseas, they shall be solely responsible for fulfilling the compliance obligations related to data transfer. They should inform you of the name or identity, contact information, processing purposes, processing methods, types of personal information, and the ways and procedures for exercising your legal rights towards the overseas recipients. They should obtain your separate consent, fulfill the evaluation process as required by laws and regulations, and meet other conditions specified by applicable laws and regulations.
7. Your Data Rights
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting,  selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) o
pt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the
“Information We May Collect From Users”
section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the
“How We Collect Users’ Information”
section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the
“How We Use Users’ Personal Information”
section above.
If you are
(i)
a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023,
(ii)
a resident of the State of Colorado
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023,
(iii)
a resident of the State of Connecticut
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023
,
or
(
iv
)
a resident of the State of
Texas in the
United States, effective July 1, 202
4,
you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
c. to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
d. to delete your personal information;
e. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
f. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
(7)You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
Setting about Personalized Ads
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you can manage Mintegral’s ads your see and set for the personalized ads by clicking
here
.
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from Mintegral on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, Mintegral will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, Mintegral will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, Mintegral will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, Mintegral will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
8. Security of Users’ Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
At present, Mintegral programmatic interactive advertising platform has passed the national information security level protection (Level 3) assessment and record, and passed the international authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2 audits. mintegral also passed the ePrivacy privacy protection certification of the famous European privacy protection certification agency Mintegral has also been certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program under the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which means that Mintegral's programmatic interactive advertising platform is certified as compliant with GDPR regulations and effective in safeguarding user privacy. Mintegral has been certified by TrustArc, an authoritative privacy and security certification authority, as compliant with CPPA requirements for Mintegral's handling of customer and end-user personal data, further demonstrating that Mintegral's services provide comprehensive privacy protection for customers and end-device users. Users provide comprehensive privacy protection.
Mintegral participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies, Mintegral’s identification number within the framework is [Vendor ID: 867].
Mintegral may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal information for no more than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
9. Protection for Minors
Mintegral’s service is not mainly for minors. If a User is deemed as minor under applicable law, please make sure that before the use of the application which integrates Mintegral’s product or service or the application of an advertiser that partners with Mintegral for delivering its ads, parents or other guardian and such User have together read the application’s privacy policy with the guardianship and guiding of parents or other guardian, and their consent have been provided for processing of personal information.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
10. Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
11. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the Mintegral Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Mintegral is the data controller of your personal information.
2. What Information We Collect
As you navigate through this Mintegral Site, we may collect information include:
(1)
personal information you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information).
Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA and China Personal Information Protection Law.
(2) s
ome information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
Mintegral is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal information you provide.
If you give us personal information of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
If you are located in mainland China, we may use the Baidu Statistics Service provided by Baidu.com to help us analyze our website usage and help improve the quality of our website services. For more information about the information collected by Baidu's statistical services and its data processing activities, please visit:
Here
If you are located outside of mainland China, We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal information that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit:
Here
3. How We Use Your Information
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with Mintegral’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the Mintegral Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the Mintegral Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal information to
Mintegral’s Affiliates
and other third parties.
We may use
Third-party Technology Service Providers
to provide us with services who may have access to your personal information, including
companies
that assist with technical aspects of hosting and operating the Mintegral Site, technical service provider  that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
(please see our
Cookies Policy
for details).
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, according to the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal information to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the Mintegral Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the Mintegral Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal information as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
5. International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent
to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (
“Model Contracts”
) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland areas of China, we store your personal information inside the mainland areas of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland areas of China.
6. Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling
or sharing
of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
For clarity, we do not sell or share (as defined under the CCPA) your Personal Information.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect and details regarding the sources from which we obtain Personal Information in the “
What Information We Collect
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” section above.
If you are (i) a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a resident of the State of Colorado in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, (iii) a resident of the State of Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, or (iv) a resident of the State of Texas in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us:
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)You have the right to request an explain of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
7. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal information for one (1) year. For personal information collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply:
Here
8. Protection of Minors
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. The personal information of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of Mintegral Website.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
9. Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Mintegral may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more details.
10. Outside Sites and Linking
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “
Outside Sites
“). Mintegral is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. Mintegral permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that Mintegral is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. Mintegral a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
11. Copyright
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of Mintegral, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Mintegral or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
12. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by Mintegral. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of Mintegral or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits Mintegral.
13. Online Conduct
Any conduct by a person that in Mintegral ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
14. Termination of Usage
Mintegral may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that Mintegral, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website
www.mintegral.com
15. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Contact Mintegral
boost your mobile growth
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings
Sub-policy 12
https://mobilefuse.com/privacy-policy/:
MOBILE
FUSE
Privacy Policy
MobileFuse Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 06/04/2024
MobileFuse LLC and its affiliates (
“MobileFuse,” “we,” “our,”
or
“us”
) engages with companies, such as app publishers and app developers (“
Client(s)
”), to serve ads on their digital properties through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share the personal information that we gather on the subdomains and websites of
https://mobilefuse.com/
(“
Sites
”), or that we collect when you contact us directly to become a Client or that we collect directly through our Client's use of our advertising solutions (“
Services
”).
Please click the following links to learn more about our Privacy Policy:
About Us
What Personal Information Do We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Personal Information
Online Advertising & Cookies
Do-Not-Track Signals
Control Over Your Information
Your Opt-Out Choices
Children
Information Retention and Security
Third Party Websites and Services
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Region-Specific Disclosures
Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
1.
About Us
MobileFuse obtains information from various entities. These entities are defined below by what they are referred to in this Privacy Policy and when their information is collected. Entities may overlap and are not exclusive categories.
Website Visitors:
When you visit our Sites or use the Sites to contact us directly for information.
Clients:
When you provide us information to engage our Services.
End Users:
When we collect and process information from individuals on behalf of our Clients.
Service Providers:
When you become a service provider to MobileFuse.
Employees and Applicants:
Through the MobileFuse candidacy process.
The use of “
you
” and “
your
” throughout this Privacy Policy will, depending on the context, refer to a MobileFuse Website Visitor, Client, or End User.
In providing our Services, Clients may collect data in our products and services, or we may collect data on their behalf, which may include personal information or data about End Users (“
User Information
”). Our Clients use User Information to buy and sell advertising space for display on publishers' websites, mobile applications, and other digital media properties (which we collectively refer to as “
Digital Media Properties
”).
MobileFuse as a Data Controller:
For purposes of data protection laws, MobileFuse is the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable laws) and is generally responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information (i) when you visit our websites; (ii) when you sign up for and use our Services, or (iii) when we use personal information for targeted advertising, cross-contextual behavioral advertising, or creating or supplementing user profiles for such purposes, and that personal information does not include a restricted processing signal.
MobileFuse as a Data Processor:
MobileFuse acts as a “data processor” (or similar term under applicable laws), when we process User Information on behalf and under the instruction of the respective Client, who is the data controller. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. MobileFuse is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
MobileFuse participates in the IAB Canada Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies.
MobileFuse participates in the IAB Europe and IAB Canada Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. MobileFuse’s identification number within the framework is 909.
MobileFuse adheres to IAB CCPA Compliance Framework for Publishers & Technology Companies found here:
https://www.iab.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/IAB_CCPA-Compliance-Framework-for-Publishers-Technology-Companies.pdf
.
2.
What Personal Information Do We Collect
Information You Give Us.
You may give us information by signing up for an online account, entering information through our online forms or surveys, inputting information while using our Services, or contacting us by phone or email for information or Client Services.
The categories of information include:
Identifiers
, such as real name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code
, such as name, address, telephone number, education, employment, or employment history.
Commercial information
, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data
, such as approximate location data generated based on your IP address or other information.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Professional or employment-related information
, such as the business or organization you represent, your title with that business or organization, and information relating to your role with the business or organization, job application information, and other details contained in your resume.
Education information.
Inferences
drawn from the above categories of information.
User Information Collected on Behalf of Clients.
When you view an advertisement distributed through MobileFuse on a site, app, or other digital media, we may collect information on you, your device, and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. MobileFuse may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. User Information we may collect includes:
(a)
Device identifiers
. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b)
Location information
, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c)
Network information
, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., Wi-Fi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of Wi-Fi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d)
Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK)
, including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
(e)
Other information
about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
(f)
Advertisement information
. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g., games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g., whether the ad is a text, image, video, or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g., the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked, or otherwise interacted with the ad
(g)
Survey information
. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
User Information Received from Clients.
In the context of our Services, our Clients, partners, or Service Providers may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal User Information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites, or services so that we can effectively provide our Services.
We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
3.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide you with our Sites and Services, which includes:
- maintaining and servicing accounts,
- providing Services to Clients,
- processing and fulfilling orders and transactions,
- verifying Client information,
- processing payments,
- providing financing, and
- providing advertising or marketing services to you.
To provide analytic services, such as analyzing Client usage and improving services offered.
To conduct market research and project planning.
To detect security incidents, protect against fraudulent or other criminal activity, debug and repair errors, and maintain the overall quality and safety of our Sites.
To share your website visitor activity, through website cookies, with third-party marketing partners to market our services on our Sites and other websites that you may visit.
To fulfill our legal and financial obligations.
To provide you with employment opportunities.
Marketing.
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in any email we send, or you can contact us using the contact details provided in the “Contact Information” section below. You will still continue to receive service-related messages concerning products and services you have purchased (unless we have indicated otherwise).
User Information on Behalf of Clients.
Our clients use User Information to buy and sell advertising space for display on publishers' websites, mobile applications, and other digital media properties (which we collectively refer to as “Digital Media Properties”). Our clients use information we collect on their behalf, in conjunction with other information they have independently collected, to deliver End users targeted advertising that the Client(s) believe will be of particular interest to those End Users. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
.
We also use User Information on behalf of Clients for other legitimate business interests, including to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, or locations.
For remarketing or retargeting on behalf of Clients (i.e., to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with).
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective.
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers with reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or Service Providers whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to End Users across multiple mobile devices, including over-the-top applications and smart televisions.
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times.
Build custom audience segments to enable Clients and partners to better target their advertisements and offers to End Users.
Improve our Services and assist Clients and partners in improving their products and services.
Detect, deter, and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems.
Process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are Clients and/or marketer Service Providers.
4.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Privacy Policy as follows:
Clients.
We share User Information with our advertiser clients to help them identify and buy advertising on publishers' Digital Media Properties. Clients may use this information in conjunction with other information they have independently collected to provide you targeted advertising and to help them evaluate whether a particular ad campaign may be of interest to you.
Business Transfers.
We may share personal information in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy.
Vital interest, legal rights, and compliance with laws.
We may share personal information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services or other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including:
to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect the rights and property of MobileFuse, our agents, Clients, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/or
to protect the safety of our employees and agents, our Clients, or any person.
Vendors, partners and other Service Providers.
We may share personal information with our vendors, partners, and other Service Providers who perform functions on our or our clients' behalf and require access to such information to provide us with services or do work for us. Examples include: analyzing data, fraud prevention, hosting data, engaging technical support for our technology platform, and performing analysis related to our technology platform and related services.
Aggregated Data.
We may also aggregate or otherwise strip information of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties or publish it. We reserve the right to make use of any such aggregated data as we see fit.
5.
Online Advertising & Cookies
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. You can view our Cookie Policy
here
.
6.
Do-Not-Track Signals
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not recognize or respond to browser initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
7.
Control Over Your Information
Email Communications.
From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Modifying Account Information.
If you have a MobileFuse service account with us, you can modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information). Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of, personal information, you may send your request to us by messaging support through your MobileFuse account. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
8.
Your Opt-Out Choices
MobileFuse does not sell or share the personal information we collect and use as a controller, but our Clients may use our technology to sell or share personal information for targeted or personalized advertising.
There are several ways to opt out of receiving targeted advertising our clients may initiate using our technology. Note that different devices use different identifiers and different technologies, so that you must opt out separately from each browser and each device that you would like to be opted out. If you opt out of targeted advertising, we will no longer collect User Information described above from the opted-out device.
Device-Based.
Your device should give you the ability to opt-out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests (see “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” under your settings menu on Android devices or “Limit Ad Tracking” under your settings menu on iOS devices).
App-Based.
You may stop the collection of location information by particular apps or from your device as a whole at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. For more information on how to change your preferences, please see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
.
Submission-Based.
When we are acting as a data processor for our Clients, our Clients are responsible for satisfying disclosure and consent requirements under applicable data protection laws. However, if you want to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for interested-based advertising, we can assist you. Please follow the steps below.
Step 1: Locate Your Digital Identifiers
For us to locate relevant records, we will need you to provide us with your digital identifiers. You can find your digital identifiers as follows:
Mobile Devices and other Internet Connected Devices
Certain mobile devices (for example, mobile phones or tablets using the iOS or Android operating systems) generate a persistent “Advertising Identifier” per device, which, among other things, can be used by third parties, like MobileFuse, for purposes of providing you with targeted advertising.
On iOS devices, your Advertising Identifier may be referred to as an “IDFA,” “IFA,” or an “ID for Advertising.” On Android devices, your Advertising Identifier may be referred to as an “Advertising ID.” Please follow instructions from your mobile device manufacturer on how to locate your specific Advertising Identifier.  The following link may also help you
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
.
Step 2: Verify Your Digital Identifiers
To make sure that we are responding to the correct person, we also will need some supporting proof to demonstrate that the devices that have the digital identifiers you located in Step 1 are yours and that the information you are requesting relates to you. For digital identifiers located on a mobile device, please take a screenshot of the screen that displays the digital identifier.
We may also request that you respond to a few questions, so that we can appropriately verify your identity. Doing this helps us to validate that you have access to the device on which the digital identifiers have been placed (and that you are not an unauthorized third party attempting to “guess” digital identifiers).
Step 3: Submit to MobileFuse
Once you have located your digital identifiers and can provide us with verification (screenshots) of those digital identifiers, please contact us with details of the rights you wish to exercise. The easiest way to do so would be to submit the relevant information to our privacy email at
compliance@mobilefuse.com
. We request the following information:
Your full name.
The state and country in which you are located at the time you are making your request.
A clear statement indicating that you would like to opt out of interest-based advertising.
A full list of your digital identifiers with screenshots as set forth in Step 2 above.
9.
Children
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16. If an individual is under the age of 16, they should not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete that personal information.
10.
Information Retention and Security
We typically store the User Information we collect from your device, such as Unique Device ID, IP address and other information described above, in our systems for up to 90 days before we anonymize and aggregate that data into summary reports.
In some cases, we may keep some of the User Information for longer periods of time where required under certain laws or to comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests – for example, those relating to corporate governance, taxation, money laundering and financial reporting legislation.
We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note that no transmission or storage of information, however, can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure, though we take all reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents.
11.
Third Party Websites and Services
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
12.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you are familiar with the most current version.
13.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact MobileFuse's Privacy Team by e-mail at
compliance@mobilefuse.com
or by mail using the details provided below:
MobileFuse LLC
Attn: Compliance Team
PO Box 37
Stirling, NJ 07980
USA
14.
Region-Specific Disclosures
This Privacy Policy is designed to apply to our website visitors, users of our Services, and other companies and users on a global basis. Please refer below for additional disclosures that may be applicable to you.
14.1
Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Several jurisdictions grant state residents certain rights and disclosures in relation to their personal information. We provide the following information to further help you understand your potential privacy rights. If you would like to exercise any right or inquire as to whether such rights are available to you, please contact us using the information in the Contact Us section.
Request for Information or Deletion.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to know whether we are processing your personal information, and in some instances, you have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories listed below for the preceding 12 months. We have the right to request verification of your identity for all requests for information. In responding to this right, we shall provide to you:
The categories of personal information we collect about you.
The categories of sources from which your personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting, selling, sharing, or disclosing your personal information, and the categories of personal information disclosed for such purpose(s).
The categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information.
The categories of personal information we have sold, if any, about you and the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
In addition, you may have the right to request we delete your personal information.
Request for Correction.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to request the correction or rectification of inaccurate information in the resident’s personal information.
Request for Portable Data.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive, in certain circumstances, a portable format of their personal information that allows the data to be transmitted to another entity.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information. MobileFuse does not sell or share the personal information we collect and use as a controller, but our clients may use our technology to sell or share personal information. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes, you may do so by following the instructions under
Your Opt-Out Choices
section above.
Limiting the Use of Sensitive Personal Information.
Residents of California have the right to direct us to use or disclose sensitive personal information only for providing goods or services, or as otherwise minimally permitted under applicable law. However, we do not collect sensitive personal information for any purpose.
Third Party Marketing.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 may permit you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Automated Processing & Profiling.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the processing of personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Right to Equal Service & Price.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive equal service and price, even if you exercise a privacy right.
Verification Process for Exercising Rights.
To protect our consumers’ privacy, we verify privacy rights requests to ensure that only you (or your authorized agent) can exercise rights pertaining to your personal information. As part of our verification process, we may request you to submit additional information.
If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a state resident, please contact us using the information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request.
Appeal Process.
If we do not decide to act in response to your request to exercise a right, we will provide a timely response detailing the reasons for not taking the action and, depending on your jurisdiction, any rights that you may have to appeal our decision.
14.2
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
When we use the term “personal information” in this section, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Lawful Bases for Processing (EEA and UK Individuals).
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK), our legal bases for collecting and using your personal information is as follows:
The performance of your contract or to enter the contract and to take action on your requests. For example, the processing of your account registration.
Our legitimate business interests. For example, fraud prevention, maintaining the security of our network and services, direct marketing to you, and improvement of our services.
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation. For example, accounting and tax requirements, which are subject to mandatory retention periods. We may also collect your personal information to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
Consent you provide where we do not rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
EEA or UK Individuals’ Rights
. If you are from the EEA or UK, you have the right, under certain circumstances, to:
Access your personal information;
Correct inaccurate information in your personal information;
Request erasure of your personal information without undue delay;
Request restriction of, in certain circumstances, the processing of your personal information;
Request receiving a portable copy of your personal information held by us, and to have that portable copy transmitted to another controller; and
To object to the processing of your personal information.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us using the contact details provided in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy, and please specify which privacy right(s) you wish to exercise. We may need to verify your identity to honor your request.
International Transfers of Data.
The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside the EEA, UK and Switzerland in countries where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States.
In the event of such a transfer by us, we ensure that: (i) the personal information is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out under the “Contact Us” section of the Privacy Policy.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with an EEA supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to first address your concerns and would welcome you directing an inquiry to us via the contact information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Protection Officer.
As part of our commitment to protecting your personal information, we have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) monitor compliance and provide advice. Our DPO’s contact information is
dpo@mobilefuse.com
.
PO BOX 37
STIRLING, NJ 07980
MOBILEFUSE, LLC | © 2025
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
PRIVACY & OPT-OUT
ADVERTISERS
PUBLISHERS
PROGRAMMATIC BUYERS
CREATIVE SHOWCASE
SUSTAINABILITY
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT
DEVELOPER
ABOUT US
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively. We also share information about your use of our site with our analytics partners in the United States. Select the types of cookies we can use.
Cookies policy
All
Essential
Sub-policy 14
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy:
Home
/
Privacy and Terms
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Pangle Publisher Agreement
Pangle Publisher Agreement
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
The Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy applies to personal data that we process through Pangle (as defined below), where you access our site because you are already a partner of ours or are interested in becoming a partner of ours (“Partner”). For this purpose we define you as a “Account Holder”. This privacy policy will also apply if you are a visitor to this site for non-Account-holder purposes and you are not an end-user who interacts with Pangle through our Partners  mobile applications and/or websites that have integrated Pangle s advertising platform (“End User”). For this purpose we define you as a “Site Visitor”.
Last updated: 23 July 2021
I. Who we are and who this applies to
I.1 We are Bytedance Pte. Ltd., a company incorporated in Singapore whose registered office is at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10 ,Singapore 048583 (" we", "our" or " us"). This Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains who we are, how we collect, process, store, use, transfer, share and disclose ("process") personal data about you, and how you can exercise your data privacy rights.
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "Agree" button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
I.4 If you have any questions or concerns about our processing of your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
II. What is Pangle
II.1 Pangle is a mobile advertising platform, including support systems and services operated by Bytedance ("Pangle"). Pangle enables advertisers to serve advertisements on third party mobile applications and/or websites. We process personal data of Account Holders as described in this Privacy Policy.
III. What personal data we process
III.1 The types of personal data that we process depend on the circumstances of collection and on the nature of the services requested or transaction undertaken for our Partners.
III.2 When you create an Account with Pangle, we process certain information about you. This information may be collected directly from you or your authorised representatives, or when you interact with Pangle (for example, in the course of obtaining services from Pangle).
III.3 To register as an Account Holder, we require certain personal data from you. If you choose not to provide such data, you may not be able to utilize the services provided by us.
III.4 The information that we process about you may include some or all of the following categories:
a. Identity and contact information: We may process identity information that you provide to us when registering for an Account or using our services, such as your name, email address, contact number and address and bank account details. If you are an individual, we may also process your government-issued tax identification number in accordance with applicable laws.
b. Account information: We may process information about you which is associated with your Account, such as your username and password and IP address.
c. Newsletter details: If you sign up to receive our newsletter, we may process certain personal data about you which you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter. This includes your name, email address, company name and job title.
d. Information we collect automatically: We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit the Pangle website. Such information includes:
i. Identifiers and device information. We automatically log your IP address and collect information regarding the device you are using to visit the Pangle website such as the model of your device, your browser information, system language setting, your screen resolution and operating system.
ii. Usage data. We automatically log your activity on the Pangle website, including the content you view on the Pangle website, how long you spent viewing such content, the URL of the website from which you came to our site, and other details about your use of and actions on the Pangle website.
iii. Location data. We collect information about your location based on your IP address.
e. Cookies: We use strictly necessary Cookies that are required for the operation of the Pangle website. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Pangle website. We also use analytical/performance Cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Pangle website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Pangle website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily.
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
IV. How we use personal data
IV.1 We process personal data of our Account Holders for the following purposes:
a. To manage your Account: To register you or the company you work with as a Partner, to manage your Account (including managing payments) and your relationship with us.
b. To provide you with our services: To perform our obligations in relation to Pangle and the services we provide to the Partner you represent.
c. To send you promotional material: To send you information about our events, announcements, promotions or other marketing campaigns. If required by law this will be subject to your permission.
d. To verify or maintain the quality of Pangle and improve, upgrade or enhance Pangle: For example, (i) for audit, research, and analysis of the information in order to maintain, improve, upgrade or enhance our advertising services, and to ensure that our technologies function properly; and (ii) other internal operations, such as debugging, support, and security.
e. To provide you with our newsletter: If you have signed up to receive our newsletter, we will only use the details you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter for the purposes of providing you with the newsletter.
f. For compliance with legal obligations: To comply with legal obligations that apply to us, for example to respond to law enforcement requests.
g. For any other purpose to which you consent: To use your personal data for any other purpose to which you have provided consent.
h. To contact you: To contact you in relation to any of the above.
i. For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes.
IV.2 In general, we will process personal data only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that are explained to you at the time your personal data is collected. However, we may also use your personal data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
V. Who we share your personal data with
V.1 We may share your personal data for the purposes described above in this Privacy Policy with the following categories of recipients:
a. Our affiliates: We share personal data with our affiliates to help operate Pangle.
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person with your consent to the disclosure or as otherwise permitted or required under applicable data protection law.
VI. How we keep your personal data secure
VI.1 We use reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect the personal data that we process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data.
VII. International data transfers
VII.1 Your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located or in which your personal data was collected. However, we will not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred outside of such country unless we have taken measures necessary to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, and in any case to a recipient that has comparable privacy protections in place.
VII.2 Specifically, our servers are located in the United States of America and Singapore, and our group companies operate around the world. This means that we may process your personal data in any of these countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
VIII. Data retention
VIII.1 We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with services so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations and exercise our rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide services to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or as necessary to comply with the law.
VIII.2 When we have no ongoing legitimate business or legal need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives or the law requires otherwise), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
IX. Your data protection rights
IX.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
IX.2 You can request to access, correct or delete your personal data by contacting us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country.
X. Updates to this Privacy Policy
X.1 This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Policy.
X.2 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including in response to changing legal, technical or business developments, in accordance with applicable law.
X.3 You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the "last updated" date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable endeavours to notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, however we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy regularly and your continued use of Pangle will constitute your acceptance to the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use Pangle.
XI. How to contact us
XI.1 If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the details below.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland: europe_privacy@pangleglobal.com
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in any other part of the world: privacy@pangleglobal.com.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil: americas_privacy@pangleglobal.com
XII. Language
XII.1 This Privacy Policy is made in English and translations into other languages may be provided. In the event of any conflict between the English version and any translations, the English version will prevail to the extent permitted by the prevailing laws.
Jurisdiction-specific terms
For individuals located in Israel:
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section III. What personal data we process:
III.5 You are under no legal obligation to provide us any personal data.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section VII. International Data Transfers:
VII.3 You hereby consent to the transfer of your personal data as set out in this Section VII.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section IX. Your data protection rights:
IX.3 You have the right to appeal the refusal of Pangle to comply with your request to exercise your rights in a court of competent jurisdiction.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
The following paragraph shall replace section IV, g of this Privacy Policy:
g. For any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law: To use your personal data for any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section V, b of this Privacy Policy:
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section I, 1.2 and 1.3 of this Privacy Policy:
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "I understand"button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Pangle s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: dpobrasil@pangleglobal.com
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 (six)  months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
The following paragraph shall be added under section VII. International Data Transfers:
7.3 Where you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland and we transfer your personal data outside of these regions, we do so on the basis that either the recipient country’s data protection laws have been deemed adequate by the European Commission or through the use of safeguards such as the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries, or in line with any other legally approved mechanism approved. For further details contact us using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
9.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
a. Access Your Data: You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm we process your personal data and for a copy of your personal data.
b. Delete Your Data: You can ask us to delete all or some of your personal data.
c. Change or Correct Data: You can ask us to change or fix your data.
d. Portability: You can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in a machine-readable form.
e. Object or Restrict Use of Data and Withdraw Consent: You can ask us to stop using some or all of your data, e.g. if we have no legal right to keep using it. You can ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; withdraw your consent or ask us to stop making any automatic individual decisions, including profiling. If you object to such processing, we ask you to share the reason for your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing.
f. Complain: The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
9.2 For further information, contact us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country. If you have made a specific request to us, and do not provide personal data that we can use to identify you we will be unable to fulfil your request.
The following paragraph shall be added as section XII of this Privacy Policy:
XII. Legal basis
XII.1 In the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom we must have a legal basis to process your personal data. For users located in these regions, we will make the platform available to you on the basis of our legitimate interests. The legal basis for other processing of your personal data will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we process it. If we process your personal data in our legitimate interests, such as for security and product improvement purposes, this interest will normally be to provide an effective, secure and dynamic platform.
XII.2 In some cases, we process your data to comply with our legal obligations, with your consent or where it is in the vital interests of you or another person.
XII.3 If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
By Clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of
Cookies
on your device to enhance your user experience.
Accept all
Reject all
Sub-policy 15
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
PubMatic Platform Privacy Policy
This page is about the privacy practices on PubMatic’s Advertising Platform and the personal information it uses to deliver advertising and perform related activities.
Last Updated: November 21, 2024
PubMatic is an advertising technology company that provides a variety of online advertising-related services (see “
Who We Are
“). Any reference to
“you”, “your”, “user(s)”, “individual(s)”, “data subject(s)”,
implies the
“End User(s)”
who accesses websites, apps, or other digital properties that are being monetized through our Ad Services (defined below) so that we may deliver advertising and perform related activities (see “
About Us and Our Services
”). We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and share personal information and how you can exercise the privacy rights and choices available to you. This privacy policy (“
Policy
” or the “
Platform Privacy Policy”
) covers the personal information that we may process about you. If you are interested in our corporate and website privacy policy, which governs the personal information PubMatic collects about individuals when they visit, use, or interact with: (i) www.pubmatic.com and other websites operated by us, including PubMatic’s Client interfaces (the “
Websites
”); (ii) our social media pages (our “
Social Media Pages
”) and (iii) our events, sales and marketing activities (collectively, “
PubMatic Properties
”), please review our
Website Privacy Policy
. If you are interested in our applicant privacy practices, please review our
Careers Privacy Policy
.
Your Privacy Choices
Please visit
https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
to go directly to the interest-based advertising opt-outs we offer.
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
We recognize that reading and understanding privacy practices can be difficult and time-consuming. While we recommend that you read this document in its entirety, to make this process easier for you, we have taken steps to simplify it and provide the following quick links to make it easier to navigate.
WHO WE ARE
ABOUT US AND OUR AD SERVICES
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY
AT A GLANCE
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY – FULL POLICY
USER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE THE USER INFORMATION
HOW WE DISCLOSE USER INFORMATION
YOUR CHOICES AND DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
YOUR DATA RIGHTS
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS SUBJECT TO STATE PRIVACY
LAWS
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN THE EEA, UK, AND
SWITZERLAND
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
RETENTION OF USER INFORMATION
SECURITY
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
CONTACTING US
—
WHO WE ARE
Any reference to
“PubMatic
” “
we
”,
“us”
or “
our
” means PubMatic, Inc. and its global subsidiaries including, as of the effective date of this Platform Privacy Policy, PubMatic Limited, PubMatic GmbH, PubMatic India Private Limited, パブ ティック株式会社 (PubMatic KK), PubMatic Pte. Ltd. and 据翼软件科技有限公司 (PubMatic Software (Shanghai)) Limited.
To get in touch with us, please see the “
Contacting Us
” section of this document.
ABOUT US AND OUR AD SERVICES
PubMatic provides technology via our advertising platform (the “
Platform
”) and related advertising tools (collectively the “
Ad Services
”) that allow Publishers to make space on their websites, mobile apps, internet-connected or over-the-top TV (known as ‘CTV’ and ‘OTT TV,’ respectively), or other digital properties available to show ads in order to generate revenue (what the advertising industry refers to as a ‘Supply Side Platform’ or ‘SSP’) and buyers to purchase the available space to display ads on these digital properties. In this Policy, we refer to those involved in selling ad space collectively as “
Publishers
”, those looking to buy ad space collectively as “
Media Buyers
” (including, for example advertisers, ad agencies, Demand-Side partners) and Media Buyers and Publishers together as “
Clients.
” Our Ad Services help Clients display relevant online advertising to the End Users who interact with Publishers’ digital properties and engage in planning and measurement to understand how these ads perform. This Policy applies only when we act as a “data controller” and not when we are a processor or service provider acting on behalf of our Clients.
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY
AT A GLANCE
This section serves as a summary of our personal information handling practices and does not replace our full Policy found below.
Please note the following terms that are used in this summary:
Pseudonymous user data
– personal data that can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without further technical processing or the use of additional data.
ID syncing
– the matching of two or more unique identifiers linked to the same individual.
Cookies and online identifiers
– cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s browser; online identifiers are often used in lieu of cookies. Similar technologies such as pixels and web beacons, device fingerprinting technologies, local storage, and eTags (collectively
, ”Cookies”
) also allow access to, or storage of, information on a user’s browser or device. These technologies enable various online functionalities (including recognizing and tracking browsing behavior).
What We Do:
Provide Advertising technology for managing digital advertising campaigns and for monetizing digital properties.
User Information We Collect:
Pseudonymous User Information such as:
Unique online and device identifiers
Mobile device advertising identifiers
IP addresses
Browser and device information
Web browsing history from advertising impressions
Information about an individual’s engagement with ads
Information about an individual’s behavior on Digital Properties
Data We May Receive From Partners For Use in Connection With Our Ad
Services:
User Information such as:
Demographic data
Geolocation Information, including precise geolocation data
Obfuscated user identifiers such as hashed email addresses
Pseudonymous personal information (see “
User Information We Collect
” above)
ID Syncing data
How The Ad Services Collect Data:
Some of the ways our Ad Services collect User Information:
from Publishers passing us information so that we can help them monetize ad inventory space on their digital properties
from Clients uploading data onto our platform
from Clients using our technology (including Cookies) to gather data
through the process of serving ads (including how you interact with an ad)
Data Our Ad Services Do Not Collect:
PubMatic’s Ad Services do not collect directly identifiable personal information, including, for example:
PubMatic does not collect your email address
PubMatic does not collect your physical address
PubMatic does not collect your phone number
PubMatic does not collect your social security number
PubMatic does not collect your name
How We Use the Data We Collect:
The Ad Services processes the User Information we collect for advertising purposes, including:
Personalizing ads
Delivering ads
Limiting the number of times you see an ad (called “frequency capping”)
Measuring the effectiveness of ads and ad campaigns
Reporting on ad campaigns to our Clients
Maintaining records or transactions, user actions and conversions
Attributing purchases or other actions taken by a user to ads
Associating devices or identifiers that may be related to each other
Preventing malicious or fraudulent activity
Improving our Ad Services
Location based advertising
Service support and diagnostics
Administration of our business
How We Disclose the Data We Collect:
We disclose User Information that we collect to:
Media Buyers, as a way of informing them about the potential audience for their ads if they purchase a Publisher’s advertising inventory
Clients, to help them improve the effectiveness of their – and their client’s – ads
Service providers, Vendors, and Subprocessors
Where we think we’re required to by law or where we have determined that we need to
in order to defend or bring a legal claim.
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES &
PRIVACY – FULL POLICY
USER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit or use a digital property that uses our technology, we (and our Clients) use and deploy Cookies to automatically collect certain information about you and your computer or other devices, such as your mobile device, CTV, or OTT TV device. While none of this technology provides us with directly identifiable information (meaning, it doesn’t include your name, clear text email address, phone number), it may be considered “
personal data
” or “
personal information”
in some jurisdictions. Altogether, the personal data or personal information discussed in this policy shall be “
User Information.
” PubMatic collects or assigns pseudonymous identifiers (“
Online Identifiers”)
to your browser or other devices to enable our Ad Services to determine within a reasonable level of confidence that a browser or device is the same with which our Ad Services have previously interacted. These identifiers include:
cookie IDs (a unique ID randomly assigned by PubMatic to a browser);
unique online IDs (“
UUID
”) created by identity providers and used by our Clients;
mobile advertising IDs (a unique ID assigned by the mobile operating system (e.g., Apple ID for Advertising or Android Advertising ID)); or
CTV or OTT TV device identifier for advertising (a unique ID assigned by the OTT or CTV publisher).
If we (or our Media Buyers) can identify a browser or device, it increases the value of that advertisement to provide more content for you to enjoy. To opt out of our use of such technologies for interest-based advertising purposes, please follow the instructions for opting out, as described in “
Your Opt-Out Choices
” below. See PubMatic’s
Platform Cookie and Other Similar Technologies Policy
for more information on how PubMatic uses cookies and other similar technologies.
Our Ad Services may also automatically collect the following information and associate it with one of the identifiers described above (also User Information:
Browser and Device Information
, such as the IP address you use to connect to an online service; device type and model; manufacturer; operating system type and version (e.g. iOS or Android); web browser type and version (e.g., Chrome or Safari); user-agent; carrier name; time zone; network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi or cellular); and information about our Publisher’s apps and versions currently active on a device.
Information about an End User’s behavior on our Publishers digital properties
(“
Behavioral Information
“), such as information about how you interact with the pages of those digital properties, session start/stop time, and precise geolocation (including latitude and longitude coordinates, but only if the Publisher’s digital property has enabled location services on the device and the End User has granted the Publisher permission to collect and share this information for advertising purposes).
Information about ads serviced, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether the End User interacted with the ad, the number of times an End User has seen the ad, and whether the End User visited the Media Buyer’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised (“
Ad Interaction
“).
Information about your location,
which we may derive from the approximate location of your device via your IP address (
“Geolocation Information”).
User Information we receive from third parties
We may also combine, merge and/or augment the User Information we collect about you with information received from Publishers and other Clients (such as our data providers) and may include:
Demographic or interest data, obfuscated user identifiers such as UUIDs, hashed email addresses and/or hashed phone numbers, and content viewed (“
Partner Provided Information
“). We do not intentionally collect or process sensitive User Information (e.g., social security numbers) and attempt to prohibit our Clients and partners from passing any such information to PubMatic.
Precise geolocation information collected through Digital Properties. We will not use precise geolocation information for interest-based advertising without your opt-in consent (“
Geolocation”).
We use this Geolocation to derive regions for ad performance reporting.
We work with Clients to help create or obtain groupings of End Users by one or more attributes (e.g., ‘cycling enthusiast’) for advertising purposes (“
Audience Segments”)
.
HOW WE USE THE USER INFORMATION
We process and/or disclose User Information for various business purposes, including to provide the Ad Services and to operate our business. This section will describe those purposes in detail and includes our data processing practices.
Numerous states within the United States have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures (“
State Privacy Laws
”). If you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you.
Likewise, those located in the EEA or UK are also afforded various rights, including additional disclosures (
“UK & Europe Privacy Laws
”). Under UK & Europe Privacy Laws, we have established a legal basis for processing your personal information. In most instances, consent is the basis for PubMatic’s processing of User Information. If you do not consent with respect to PubMatic’s SSP, PubMatic may still solicit bids for advertising to be displayed to you but will not process your personal information. In some circumstances we may rely on our legitimate interest to collect and use your personal information, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may use any of the data described in this Policy for the secondary purpose of detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, security, or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to our rights, property, or safety, or that of the public. This is necessary for us to pursue our, your and our partners’ legitimate interests. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
Contacting Us
” heading below. Please note that we take appropriate measures to ensure that any processing of User Information is done in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulations, and with care for protecting your privacy and User Information.
Serve and Deliver Ads (Ad Services).
Generally, we process User Information to provide our products and services (including the Ad Services) as described in this Platform Privacy Policy. This is what allows Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their Digital Properties and Media Buyers to bid on and fill that inventory with relevant ads, as well as to determine inventory value and to inform bid decisions (i.e., whether to purchase an ad impression or not, for creating segments for End Users matching, targeting of lookalike audiences or retargeting users). For example, when a Publisher has potential ad inventory to offer, we will send a “bid request” to Media Buyers which includes the information detailed in this privacy policy so that Media Buyers can determine if they want to purchase the ad impression.
Ad Reporting.
Provide information and reports to Media Buyers about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their Digital Property (including whether an advertised app has been installed). This information is used to analyze an advertising campaign’s performance.
Frequency Capping.
Using information from our Ad Services to prevent seeing the same ad too many times.
Targeted Advertising.
The method by which we predict likely commercial interests (e.g., sports or travel) based on activities across websites, mobile apps, and other Digital Properties over time. We will also supplement User Information with additional information we receive from third parties, such as third-party advertising segments or audiences, to allow us to customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to End Users and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting exposure to less relevant ads).
Location Based Advertising.
Location-based advertising, services, and content delivered in real-time using your device’s physical location (where permitted by law).
ID Syncs.
We may disclose cookie values to other advertising technology platforms so that they may match their identifier to our identifier.
Fraud Detection & Prevention (Security).
Identify invalid ad impressions, clicks, installs, or ad queries, protect us and our Publishers from fraudulent behavior, and protect the security of the Ad Services.
Business Operations & Improving the Ad Services.
These purposes include several processing activities supporting our ability to run the business for our Clients, such as to:
Facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Ad Services, as well as auditing, researching, and analyzing information to provide, protect, manage, and improve our Ad Services, develop new services, and ensure that our technologies function properly.
Calculate Ad Services usage levels, help diagnose server problems and administer the Ad Services.
Operate our business, such as billing, support, accounting, improving our internal operations, securing our systems, detecting fraudulent or illegal activity, and meeting our legal obligations.
We may disclose User Information to our service providers that store or process the User Information in furtherance of the services we offer via our Ad Services and on our behalf.
The following table illustrates the categories of User Information processed for each business purpose, the lawful basis under which we process User Information, and the categories of recipients of User Information where we engage third parties to augment our ability to provide the Ad Services.
Purpose of Use
Serve & Deliver Ads (Ad Services)
Ad Reporting
Frequency Capping
Targeted Advertising
Location Based Advertising
ID Syncs
Fraud Detection & Prevention (Security)
Business Operations & Improving the Ad Services
Categories of Personal Data
Online Identifiers
x
x
x
x
Demographic Information
x
x
x
Browser and Device Information
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
Behavioral Information
x
x
x
x
x
Ad Interaction
x
x
x
x
x
Partner Provided Information
x
x
x
Geolocation Information & Geolocation
x
x
x
x
Audience Segments
x
x
x
Lawful Basis (UK / EEA)
Consent
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Consent
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Legitimate Interest
Categories of Recipients
Affiliates
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
Clients
x
x
x
x
x
Attribution & Analytics Partners
x
x
x
x
Service Providers/
Sub processors & Consultants
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
We may disclose User Information in accordance with applicable laws, both within and outside of an individual’s country of residence for specific situations which include:
Where we need to comply with legal obligations or respond to requests from public and government authorities, even if they are outside your country of residence.
To enforce our terms and conditions, protect our operations or the operations of our affiliates, safeguard our rights, privacy, safety, or property, as well as the rights, privacy, safety, or property of our affiliates, you, or others;
When necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; and
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
Cross-device and Cross-app targeting
Cross-device and cross-app targeting are strategies employed in digital advertising to effectively connect and interact with individuals across multiple devices and different mobile applications. These strategies aim to enhance the advertising experience by delivering more relevant and personalized ads to you, regardless of the devices or mobile apps you use.
Our Publishers, Media Buyers, and Clients may use information that we share with them to establish connections among related devices (such as smartphones, tablets, and computers) for targeted advertising, analytics, and reporting purposes. They may create a match between your devices if you log into the same online service on multiple devices or web browsers, or if your devices share similar attributes that support an inference that they are used by you or someone in your household. For example, Media Buyers may deliver ads on a tablet based on activities you engaged in on your smartphone. To opt out of cross-device targeting practices, please follow the instructions located at “
Opting Out of Cross-Device Targeting
.”
Our Publishers and Clients also may use information about your activity across multiple, unaffiliated third-party mobile applications for targeted advertising, analytics, and reporting purposes. For example, if you use a travel app, these third parties may display travel-related ads to you on other, unrelated apps.
To opt out of cross-app targeting practices, please follow the instructions located at “
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising for Mobile Advertising Identifiers
” in the “
Your Privacy Choices
” section of the
Opt Out webpage
.
HOW WE DISCLOSE USER INFORMATION
Because of the role that PubMatic plays in the advertising ecosystem, many of the use cases described above involve a transfer of data to third parties – often to a Publisher or a Media Buyer. For example, when a Publisher works with us to fill an ad on one of their digital properties, we share information with Media Buyers so that they can determine whether they want to show an ad on that property, how much they want to spend on that ad impression, and what ad to show. More detail on these disclosures is provided below. For the purposes described in this Policy, we share your User Information with the following categories of recipients:
Our affiliates
: We may disclose your information to our affiliates (see “
Who We Are
“) who provide data processing and business administration support for the purposes described in this Policy. PubMatic, Inc., is the party responsible for the management of your User Information jointly used by it and its affiliates.
Third party service providers and partners
: We may disclose your information to our third party service providers and partners who provide data processing services to support the delivery of our Ad Services, or who have a key function in the online advertising ecosystem and with whom it is necessary for PubMatic to exchange information in order to deliver the Ad Services, in each case for purposes described in this Policy.
The following table lists the main categories third party service providers we engage to process your User Information and partners with whom information is exchanged, the nature of the services or role they provide, and the types of User Information they receive in order to provide these services / fulfill their role.
Category of Service Provider or Partner
Nature of Services / Information Sharing
User Information
Publishers
We may disclose data collected through our Ad Services to our Publishers to allow them to analyse the effectiveness and performance of our Ad Services and to offer targeted ad inventory to our Media Buyer Clients.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Media Buyers
We may share data we collect in connection with our Ad Services with our Media Buyer Clients for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention. This data is also allows them to make decisions regarding buying advertising inventory on Publishers’ Digital Properties and other websites and applications; to analyze the effectiveness and performance of their advertising campaigns via our services; and to enable our Media Buyer Clients to provide you with more personalized content.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Partner Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data; Business Administration Information.
Other Clients
We may share certain data we collect in connection with our Ad Services with brands, agencies and other interested third parties to help them better identify and validate commercial opportunities, promote transparency, and protect against fraud.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Publisher Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Attribution and Analytics Partners
We may share data (such as cookie ID, mobile device ID, or other unique identifier) with our (or our Publisher or Media Buyer’s) attribution and analytics partners to validate and measure the success and effectiveness of ads delivered via the Platform.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Partner Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
IT service providers
IT service providers work on behalf of or with us to allow us to operate the Ad Services, and typically provide services such as data storage, data processing services, hosting services, and technical support.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Publisher Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Professional service providers
Professional service providers may be persons, companies or professional firms providing us with advice and consulting in areas such as lead management, campaign management, legal services, accountancy services, and fraud prevention.
Potentially all data types.
Other third parties
:
Buyers of some or part of our business
: We may share your information with a third party in the event of a contemplated or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
For legal purposes
: We may share your information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with subpoenas, warrants, or other legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
With consent
: We may disclose an individual’s information to others with the individual’s consent to such disclosure.
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND DATA RIGHTS
Your Privacy Choices
Cookies
To opt out of receiving advertising targeted to your interests (including retargeting) from our Ad Services through the use of cookies in your current browser, and for more information on what it means to opt out, please go to
https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
. Your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you use a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser’s cookies. See PubMatic’s
Ad Services or “Platform Cookie Policy”
for more information on how PubMatic uses cookies and other similar technologies.
Mobile Apps
Your device may also include a feature that allows you to opt in to or out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for targeted advertising purposes.
Connected TVs
Our Clients and partners may display interest-based advertising on CTVs (also known as smart TVs or connected devices), based on your use of CTVs over time and across non-affiliated CTV apps. To learn more about these practices and how to opt out, please review your connect TV’s settings menu and visit
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
Industry Opt Outs
We are a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). We also adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and Multi-Site Data, the Application of Self-Regulatory Principles to the Mobile Environment, and the Application of the DAA Principles of Transparency and Control to Data Used Across Devices. PubMatic also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau (“IAB”) Code of Conduct, and actively participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework (TCF 2). We comply with IAB’s Specifications and Policies under vendor identification number 76. Please visit
optout. networkadvertising.org
, or
optout.aboutads.info
to learn how to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across multiple third-party websites, online services, devices, or applications for interest-based advertising purposes.
Some of our Publishers have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their sites, which you should review if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a particular company.
Your Data Rights
Individuals may be entitled to exercise certain data subject rights available under applicable laws. These rights may include the right to request access to User Information we hold. Individuals may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, processing of User Information, such as profiling we perform for the purpose of interest-based advertising. Individuals may also have the right to ask that User Information be corrected, erased, or transferred to another party. Where we have asked for consent to process data, consent may be withdrawn.
To make a request to exercise your data rights with respect to your User Information, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
. We will take steps to verify your request, such as by asking you to provide confirmation that you control the device to which the request relates. We reserve the right to confirm your residence to accurately process your request and will need to confirm your identity to process your requests to exercise your right to know/access, delete, and correct. This is a security measure to, for example, help ensure we do not disclose information to a person who is not entitled to receive it. The identity verification process may vary depending on how you submit your request. We will only ask for information that we process to verify your identity, such as a cookie ID or mobile advertising ID.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us at pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
If you are submitting a rights request as an authorized agent, you are required to submit proof of your identity, and proof of authorization to make the request, such as a valid power of attorney or signed permission from the individual who is the subject of the request. In some cases, we may ask the individual to confirm they have given you permission to make the request. Please be advised that we cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request for an individual, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
.
Nondiscrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS SUBJECT TO STATE PRIVACY LAWS
Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to request access to, or deletion or correction of, your User Information. To make such a request with respect to your User Information, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
. We will take steps to verify your request, such as by asking you to provide confirmation that you control the device to which the request relates.
Personal Information that May Be “Shared,” “Sold,” or processed for “Targeted Advertising” & Your Opt-Out Rights under State Privacy Laws
As described in this Platform Privacy Policy, we process information to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes, including to build interest segments. Some of these activities may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or using your information for purposes of “targeted advertising” under certain State Privacy Laws. We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about consumers under the age of 18.
If you reside in California, you may also opt out of web-based sales and sharing via our browser cookie by visiting the digital properties of our Clients with a legally-recognized opt-out preference signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers (such as cookie IDs and device and advertising IDs)
Demographic information (such as age and gender)
Commercial information (such as apps you download, purchases you make, and other conversion activities)
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as Publishers’ digital properties that you visit and ads you click on)
Geolocation information, (such as inferred location based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information)
Inferences (such as interests associated with a cookie ID based on Publisher digital properties you visit)
Our Clients
Third party data partners
Other Publishers and advertising intermediaries
Please visit
CCPA Privacy Policy
to review our CPRA and Data Broker Metrics
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN THE EEA, UK, AND SWITZERLAND
Depending on your location, you may have data subject rights (“
DSR
”s) described in the “
Your Data Rights
” section above; these rights are applicable, for example, to individuals located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA”
), United Kingdom (“
UK”
) and Switzerland. In order to exercise your rights under applicable laws, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
, which includes instructions for how to submit a request and details regarding our process for responding to requests.
If we have collected and processed your User Information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your User Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you are located in the EEA or the UK, you may also have the right to
complain to a Data Protection Authority
about our collection and use of your User Information. For more information, please contact your local Data Protection Authority.
EEA
Data Protection Authority member list
UK
Information Commissioner’s Office
Please note that because most of the personal information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot directly identify you personally, you may need to provide us with additional information to enable us to identify the User Information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfill your request and do not infringe on the privacy rights of other individuals.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSERS
In connection with the PubMatic Properties and Ad Services, your User Information may be transferred to, and processed by PubMatic, its service providers, and partners in countries other than the country in which you are resident, including in the United States, India, and other locations where we have offices or employees (please see our
Locations
page for a full list) or engage service providers or our partners. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country of residence and may not provide the same level of protection as your jurisdiction. Regardless of where your data is located, PubMatic shall process your User Information in accordance with this Platform Privacy Policy.
If you are located in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we will protect your User Information when it is transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (i) processing it in compliance with the Data-Privacy Framework (as applicable, defined below); (ii) processing it in a territory that provides an adequate level of protection for User Informationbased on the receiving country’s data protection laws; or (iii) to the extent that the Data Privacy Framework is unavailable and the recipient country has not been deemed to provide adequate protection, implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your User Information, such as requiring the recipient to comply with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism. Where we transfer User Information originating in the EEA, UK or Switzerland pursuant to a contract incorporating the EU Standard Contractual Clauses or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism, you may request a copy of such transfer mechanism (subject to the removal of confidential or commercially sensitive information).
DATA-PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
PubMatic, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF”
), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF”
) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (together, referred to herein as the “
Data Privacy Framework”
). PubMatic, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regards to the processing of User Information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. PubMatic, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regards to the processing of User Information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Further, PubMatic is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. PubMatic complies with EU-U.S. DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Platform Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over PubMatic, Inc’s compliance with the Data Privacy Framework. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose User Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, PubMatic, Inc. commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of User Information received in reliance on EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF with our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]pubmatic[.]com. Additionally, PubMatic commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge), TRUSTe. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, or we are not able to resolve the issue, individuals have the right to lodge a complaint with their local data privacy authority. For contact details of local Data Protection Authorities, please visit the European Data Protection Board member list (
https://www.edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
) or the UK data protection regulator (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
).
If you wish to exercise your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) or have any queries in relation to your rights or general privacy matters, please write to: Attn: EEA Contact Representative, PubMatic GmbH, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN Amsterdam Netherlands or pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
RETENTION OF USER INFORMATION
We will retain User Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose of collection, including for the purposes of satisfying any business, legal, regulatory, accounting, or reporting requirements; to establish and defend legal claims; for fraud prevention purposes; or as long as required to meet our legal obligations. To determine the appropriate retention period for User Information, we consider the volume, nature, and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of that data, the purposes for which we process the data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, along with any applicable legal requirements.
The following represents the retention periods of User Information, by data type. For clarity, we will revise these periods as required or permitted by law.
USER INFORMATION
RETENTION PERIOD
Pseudonymous and/or obfuscated identifiers (e.g., Cookies, unique online IDs, mobile device advertising IDs, CTV/OTT ID, IP address, browser and/or device information, hashed emails, ID Syncing data); and Geolocation data)
20 days
Information linked to pseudonymous identifiers (e.g., web browsing history from advertising impressions; ad engagement statistics; digital property engagement analytics; and demographic data)
120 days
Personal data created through our processing (e.g., audience segmentation)
90 days
SECURITY
We use reasonable organizational, technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect the User Information we collect and process. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing User Information If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We will review and update this Policy periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision at the top of this Policy. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will post the revised Policy on our website and may take additional measures to inform you about such changes prior to such changes taking effect. We encourage you to review this Policy frequently.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Platform Privacy Policy or PubMatic’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com, or by mail using the details provided below.
Please note that email communications are not always secure, so please do not include sensitive information in your emails to us.
Residents outside the European Economic Area (EEA):
PubMatic, Inc. c/o Privacy
601 Marshall Street
Redwood City, California 94063, USA
European Economic Area (EEA), and Swiss Residents:
Attn: EEA Representative
PubMatic GmbH
Barbara Strozzilaan 101
1083 HN Amsterdam, Netherlands
UK Residents:
Attn: UK Representative
PubMatic Limited
18 – 22 Stoney Lane
Yardley, Birmingham B25 8YP, England
To comply with our obligations under EU/ UK data protection legislation, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO). Our DPO is contactable at dpo[at]pubmatic[.]com or by mail using the details provided above. Who is the controller of my data? For the purposes of EU/UK data protection legislation, PubMatic, Inc is the controller of your User Information.
About Cookies On This Site
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
to learn more or manage your personal preferences in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Decline
Accept
Options
Sub-policy 16
https://pubnative.net/privacy-notice/:
Contact Us
Home
About
Docs
Login
Product Privacy Policy
Last updated: 23 January 2025
PRODUCT PRIVACY POLICY
With this privacy policy we, Verve Group Europe GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin Germany (hereinafter „
VGE
“ or “
we
”) would like to inform you about the processing of personal data when using our mobile advertising optimization technology (“
VGE`s Technology
”). VGE’s Technology is integrated into mobile apps to provide personalized ad experiences. The providers of the respective apps (“Publishers”) provide you with additional information about the integration of VGE Technology in their apps.
This privacy policy describes our practices regarding the handling of personal data that we process from the Publishers’ users. Depending on the constellation, we may act as a controller or as a processor on behalf of the Publisher under data protection law. The relevant information about our relationship with the respective Publisher can be found in the Publisher’s privacy policies.
To access the privacy policy governing the processing of data when visiting our Website, please
click here.
1. Provider of VGE’s Technology
VGE’s Technology is provided by
Verve Group Europe GmbH
Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32
10178 Berlin Germany
Where we are a controller of your data, this is also the entity acting as controller. Should you have any questions or suggestions regarding data protection, please do not hesitate to contact us. You are welcome to direct your data protection concerns to our data protection officer by sending an e-mail to
datenschutz@pubnative.net
. Our full contact details are available
here.
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg, Germany
2. Personal Data processing in connection with VGE’s Technology
Data we receive.
First of all, we do not know who you (as a user) are. VGE neither processes direct identifiers, such as names, home addresses, e-mail addresses or similar information of users. That said, we only process data provided by the Publishers, including user information about the interaction with apps, which is recorded, stored and evaluated using temporary identifiers, which VGE cannot match to you as a person (so-called pseudonyms). If we are acting as a processor on behalf of the Publisher, the Publishers determine the purposes and means on how we process users’ data. We have established several technical and legal measures to safeguard that the Publisher’s users have given their consent for our processing.
Data we receive from Publishers differ. Provided there is a legal basis for processing, we typically process:
Device Identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID
Device Characteristics (device model, platform, operating system version, browser details)
IP addresses
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
2.2 Purposes of data processing and legal bases.
We process the data received from Publishers so that they can market ad space for targeted in-app advertising and targeting campaigns. When serving personalized mobile advertising, this gives advertisers the opportunity to target users who are actually interested in their products, offers and content.
Our processing activities include the following purposes. When we act as a controller, we rely on the following legal bases.
If several legal bases are specified, the choice of the relevant legal basis depends on the decision of the respective Publisher. Further information can be found in the privacy policy of the Publisher.:
Purpose of processing
Legal basis
Store and/or access information on a device
Device or similar online identifiers together with other information (e.g. screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
User’s consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on the Publisher’s app can be based on limited data, such as the app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
User’s consent if chosen by the Publisher (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Our legitimate interest in being able to offer our publishers a meaningful product (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
Use limited data to select advertising taking into account their approximate location when permitted by the user’s device
Serving ads to the users taking into account their age, gender, keywords or interests when provided by the user in the host mobile app on the user’s device. Race, religion, politics, sex life, or health are unavailable targeting criterions in VGE’s Technology
User’s consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on the Publisher’s app (such as information you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on the Publisher’s service and other websites and apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
User’s consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on the Publisher’s app can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on the Publisher’s service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
User’s consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
User’s consent if chosen by the Publisher (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Our legitimate interest in being able to offer our publishers a meaningful product (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Our legitimate interest in improving our product (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
Our legitimate interest in being able to offer our Publishers a useful and error-free product (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
Deliver and present advertising and content
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
We are unable to combine the data we receive in a way that would enable us to personally identify users and we do not combine the data with any third-party data that would enable us to do so.
2.3 Data recipients.
VGE only discloses data to other parties if this is necessary for the implementation of campaigns or other purposes listed in this privacy notice, or if another legal basis for the disclosure of data exists. The collection and processing of usage data by the mobile app Publishers are controlled by the respective Publishers.
In the context of the serving of ads, data are exchanged between VGE and partner advertisers on the bid request level (to get an ad) or in aggregated form for reporting and fraud analysis. Partner advertisers include demand side platforms, ad-exchanges and advertisers.  This might include the following information on the bid request level:
device information (device model, platform, operating system version, browser details)
targeting information (county, city, hyperlocation when allowed to be collected)
user information (such as device ID, hashed device ID, age, gender and interests, when allowed to be collected).
If VGE uses its own external service providers (e.g. data centers), the service providers may only use the data to fulfill their task. All service providers have been carefully selected and commissioned. They are bound by the instructions of VGE and are regularly checked. In cases where data is processed in countries outside the European Union, appropriate safeguards are always in place to protect data subjects, such as Adequacy Decisions by the European Commission or Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs)
2.4 Joint controllership
VGE is a service provider, so we work with Publishers to process data. With some of these Publishers, we are joint controllers within the meaning of data protection law (Art. 26 GDPR). This joint controllership generally relates to the collection and transfer of data to us. If we are joint controllers, we and the Publishers have divided certain tasks among ourselves. The division is as follows:
2.4.1 We provide the Publisher with a technical solution that the Publisher integrates into its apps. This technology enables the data described in this policy to be collected. We are also supporting the Publishers, in the processing of enquiries from data subjects.
2.4.2 The Publisher obtains consent where necessary and implements transparency information towards you. They pass this information on to us to communicate the scope and permissibility of the data processing.
2.4.3 The Publishers and VGE will ensure that the necessary data security is in place. Both we and the Publishers will also fulfil our reporting and notification obligations individually but will support and inform us to the extent necessary.
2.4.4 You can exercise your rights as a data subject as described below (see section 3) both against us and against the Publisher. We and the Publisher are liable for any processing that does not comply with the provisions of the GDPR in accordance with Art. 82 GDPR.
If you have any further questions on the topic of joint controllership, we will be happy to provide you with further information on our cooperation with certain Publishers. Please contact
privacy@pubnative.net
.
2.5 Retention period.
The collected data are stored for as long as the usage data and data about interactions with ads and installations of new apps are required for the described purposes. After that, the data are deleted or completely anonymized. We will further delete personal data immediately when the Publisher informs us that the user has withdrawn consent. We will, however, retain and use information as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
3. Users’ rights
If VGE is acting as the controller, users have the following rights regarding their personal data:
3.1 Right to access information about the processing of their personal data by VGE. In this regard, VGE will explain the data processing to you as the user and provide you with an overview of the data stored about you. For this purpose, you may also contact the Publisher. Whenever needed and upon request, we will assist the Publisher.
3.2 If data stored by VGE is incorrect or no longer up to date, you have the right to have this data corrected.
3.3 You may also demand that your data be erased. Should the erasure not be possible in exceptional cases due to other legal regulations, the data will be blocked so that it is only available for that legal purpose.
3.4 You may also have the processing of your personal data restricted, if for example, you have doubts as to the accuracy of the data.
3.5 You also have the right to data portability, which means that on request VGE will send you a digital copy of the personal data you have provided.
3.6 You also have the right to object to data processing, insofar as this is based on legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. In particular, you can object to the processing of your data for advertising purposes at any time. The opt-out function described below can be used for this purpose at any time.
3.7 You also have the right to withdraw your consent for us to process your personal data. To do this, please follow the Publisher’s instructions.
3.8 You also have the right to complain to the data protection supervisory authority responsible for VGE (Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Alt-Moabit 59-61, 10555 Berlin) or to your competent authority. You are also free to contact your local data protection authority, which will then forward your request to the competent authority.
4. Opt-out
If you no longer wish to receive targeted in-app advertising that is deployed based on VGE’s Technology, you may do so through the device-level advertising preference setting available in the settings menus of your iOS and/or Android devices.
Android Users (version 2.3 and above)
To use the “opt-out of interest-based advertising” option, follow the instructions provided by Google here:
Google Play Help
.
iOS users (version 6 and above)
To use the “Limit Ad-Tracking” option, follow the instructions provided by Apple here:
Apple Support Center
Please note that these are device settings and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for us. We have decided to offer this way of opting-out, as we estimate users will either want to receive interest-based advertising or no interest-based advertising at all. The above-described way is most efficient to achieve that goal.
You may also request deleting your data or opt-out of targeted in-app advertising via e-mail to
privacy@pubnative.net
.
5. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with the currently applicable data protection regulations. This website always contains the latest version of the VGE Technology Privacy Policy.
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Privacy Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 17
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/:
Platform
Monetize
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Header Bidding Solutions
Advertise
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Consent Management Platform (CMP)
Smaato Intelligence (SI)
Prepackaged Deals
Omnichannel Advertising
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
Market Quality
Overview
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
Insights
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos & Webinars
Whitepapers
View All
Company
About
Events
Careers
Our Values
In the News
Marketplace Overview
Blog
Docs
Contact
Log In
Publishers: SPX
Marketers: SDX
Get Started
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Smaato Privacy Policy governing information provided to us from your use of the Smaato Site
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Applicant Privacy Notice
SG Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Publisher Policies
Demand Policies
Partner List
Cookie Policy
SDK License Agreement
Effective Date:
November 7, 2024
1. Introduction and Background
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
6. Data Access and Retention
7. Data Security
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
9. Users from Outside the United States
10. California Do-Not-Track Statement
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
14. Contacting Us
Smaato, Inc. (“Smaato,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Smaato’s handling of two types of information:
Information we receive from our Clients about end users (“End Users”) of third-party mobile applications (“apps”) that use our Software Development Kit (“SDK”), other collection interfaces (collectively, “APIs”), the Smaato Demand Platform (“SDX”), or the Smaato Publisher Platform (“SPX”) (collectively, the “Smaato Ad Services”), and
Information we receive through our corporate website at www.smaato.com or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as information we get through other corporate services and web portals we make available to clients and business partners (“Smaato Websites”). We describe the information received through the Smaato Websites in Section 5 below, titled “Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites.”
We encourage consumers to learn about how information (including information we collect) can be used to market to them, and how to exercise their choices to permit or limit such marketing. We describe ways consumers can exercise that choice or opt-out of marketing in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
1. Introduction and Background
Smaato provides mobile advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”), and service providers (collectively “Partners”). We do this by making available the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to Clients. Clients use the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to deliver advertising to End Users, and we in turn provide our services to help Clients (and their own customers) to deliver ads that are of interest to End Users. We explain what SDKs and APIs are in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs,” which also explains how cookies and similar technologies (which we also use to provide the Smaato Ad Services) work.
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
a. Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
Through the Smaato Ad Services, we may collect information about End Users (to the extent that Clients pass such information to Smaato), which includes:
IP addresses, from which geographic location may be inferred, as well as system configuration information such as information about End Users’ operating system;
Rough geolocation information;
Cookie IDs, Mobile advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Google Advertising IDs (collectively, “Mobile IDs”);
Age;
Gender;
Device type and other device information (e.g., whether an End User is using a smartphone or tablet, and related information);
Network provider;
Mobile browser (e.g., Firefox, Safari, and Chrome); and
Other unique identifiers that may be associated with an End Users’ device, including identifiers provided by Clients or their service providers.
We refer to all of the above information as the “Service Information.”
b. How We Use the Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
We use the Service Information to provide a variety of services to our Clients related to advertising and marketing, including services we may describe elsewhere on Smaato Websites. This includes use of the Service Information for purposes such as to:
Provide customer, technical, and operational support for the Smaato Ad Services, detect and protect against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity, and resolve disputes and enforce our terms and conditions and other rights we may have. This may also include analyzing, customizing, and improving the features of the Smaato Ad Services;
Provide information and analytics to Clients about the advertising inventory provided through the Smaato Ad Services;
We, or our Clients, may deploy online cookies to track End Users across mobile websites and/or apps, or to associate End Users and these cookies with Mobile IDs. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons and SDKs, in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.”
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Ad Services
We share the Service Information with Clients and Partners in order to provide the Smaato Ad Services. For example, we share the Service Information with:
Clients and their marketing and service providers, so they may provide targeted advertising to End Users on mobile websites and/or apps;
Partners that facilitate the functioning of the Smaato Ad Services (e.g., traffic and ad quality verification vendors and data centers).
Even when a Client no longer accesses our SDK, we may continue to use and share Service Information as described in this Policy. The processes we described above often involve cookies or similar technologies, which may be associated with other information about End Users, such as End Users’ interests, demographics, or transactions. This is generally known as “interest-based advertising.” We encourage individuals who are interested in controlling or learning about this type of advertising to go to Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” or go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) website at www.aboutads.info. We may also share Service Information with third parties:
Pursuant to a request or authorization by an End User or Client;
If the disclosure is provided to: (a) comply in good faith with applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, or subpoenas, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement; (b) enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements; or (c) protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity;
Where the information is aggregated or de-identified; and
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence).
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
a. Cookies and Pixel Tags
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such as unique browser identifiers. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your browser. Our servers may deploy a cookie on your browser when you visit the Smaato Websites. Our Clients and Partners may do likewise on the Smaato Websites, our Clients’ and Partners’ websites, and elsewhere. Smaato may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to any given website. Using persistent cookies, a site operator (or a third party they work with) can “remember” what you have previously done on a website and personalize the site, or ads you see, for you. This technology may also provide a site operator or third party (or us, when you visit the Smaato Websites) with information regarding your IP address, browser type, the web pages that you visit just before or after visiting a website, the web pages viewed, and the dates and times of your visits. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages. When you access a web page with a pixel tag, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the visit, and permit us, or our Clients or Partners, to set or read cookies. Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect a given website visit. We, alone or with our Clients and Partners, may use cookies to, for example, “remember” you, track trends, and collect information about how you use our Clients’ or Partners’ websites or interact with advertising. We, and our Clients and Partners, use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some of the Smaato Websites’ functionalities and offerings, and those of other websites you visit.
b. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We, or our Clients or Partners, may use or work with mobile SDKs (including our own SDK(s), which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect information, such as Mobile IDs, and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact with our Smaato Ad Services and those using our Smaato Ad Services. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. Sometimes, we obtain data through other (generally, simpler) interfaces that deliver similar data to us, which are commonly referred to (and which we refer to) as APIs. We may use these technologies, for example, to analyze or measure certain advertising through apps and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you would like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
In most cases, consumers have control over whether or not they would like to receive relevant ads and marketing emails from our Clients. To change the settings for the cookies Smaato sets on your devices through the Smaato Websites, please visit our Cookie Policy.
a. Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising from Cookies
You can opt-out of many of the publishers, platforms and service providers we work with that support online interest-based advertising from cookies or similar technologies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info (or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in the European Union). Some of our publisher Clients have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their websites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a certain company, or multiple companies. You can also click below to opt-out of having the Smaato Ad services used to select ads for your browser based on your online web browsing behavior. When you opt-out, an opt-out cookie (from smaato.net) will be stored in your web browser. Our platform will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and will apply your choice to all companies using Smaato Ad services for online interest-based advertising from cookies. Please note: This type of opt-out is cookie-based, which means that if you block cookies, upgrade your browser or delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Also, in order for your opt-out choice to be effective, you must ensure that your browser is set to accept third-party cookies such as the Smaato opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. If you use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Even if you opt-out, Smaato may continue to collect data for other purposes and you still will receive advertising from the Smaato Ad Service when you visit websites of a publisher Client who uses our Platform – but such advertising will not be personalized to you.
b. Opting Out of Cross-App Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt-out of having your Mobile IDs used for certain types of interest-based mobile advertising (also called “cross-app advertising”), including those performed by Smaato, by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows:
Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and enabling “Limit Ad Tracking.”
iOS 7 and Higher: Go to Settings → Privacy → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
iOS 6: Go to Settings → General → About → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by going to Google Settings → Ads, and selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.
Please note that these platforms control how these settings work, so the above instructions may change, and the precise language may be different on certain (particularly, on older) devices. Likewise, if your device uses other platforms not described above, please check the settings for those devices.
c. Additional Choices
Advertisers may also provide ways for you to opt-out from, or limit their collection of, certain information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for retailers, apps, and mobile websites to learn more about their privacy practices. You may opt-out from receiving promotional emails from us, such as emails to inform you about events and new services, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any promotional email you receive, or by contacting us at
marketing@smaato.com
*protected email*
. Please note, however, that we may still send you non-promotional emails relating to your relationship with us.
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
a. Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
The Smaato Websites provide information regarding Smaato and our products and services. Through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, and we may also obtain automatically-collected information.
i. Information You Disclose to Us
When registering for an account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Smaato or our products and services, or otherwise contacting us through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, and other billing information. You may also provide us with certain information about your business or other individuals.
ii. Automatically-Collected Information
When you visit the Smaato Websites, we may use cookies and pixel tags that we associate with unique identifiers to keep track of visitor interactions and personalize your experience on the Smaato Websites. For more information, please see Section 3 above, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.” We may also use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, that gather information such as your IP address, browser type, the web page from which you came to the Smaato Websites, and the times of your visit. In addition, as you browse the Smaato Websites, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can “remember” your interests. Our display advertising partners may then help us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the Smaato Websites. To opt-out of such interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Opting out in this way will not prevent you from receiving ads; rather, the ads you see will be less customized to you.
b. How We Use Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Policy, we use the information we collect through the Smaato Websites (alone or in combination) to provide, market, improve, and operate the Smaato Websites, Smaato Ad Services, and any other products or services we have or may develop. This includes use of the information to:
Fulfill your requests;
Send information about our products and services, including marketing communications;
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;
Create aggregated or de-identified information;
Comply with applicable laws, prevent fraud, mitigate risk, and perform similar purposes;
Understand usage trends and preferences;
Analyze, improve, and provide products and services;
Customize the content and advertising you see on the Smaato Websites, across the Internet, and elsewhere; and/or
Perform other purposes at your request.
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
We may share the information we collect through the Smaato Websites in the following situations:
With your consent, including through this Policy;
With our affiliates;
With third parties that help us to operate our business and provide our services, such as entities that provide us with technical, customer, billing, administrative, event planning, marketing, or operational services;
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence);
When required by law or in response to lawful process, such as a subpoena, or to cooperate in good faith with a request from a government or law enforcement agency or official, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement;
If we believe sharing the information may prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss; or
If we believe sharing the information is necessary to protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
With respect to aggregated or de-identified information, we may share such information without restriction.
d. Analytics Services
For the purpose of designing our website in line with your needs, evaluating it from a business management perspective, controlling it and continuously optimizing our pages, we use services described in more detail below on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) and f) GDPR. All of the mentioned processing operations result in a transfer of data to the servers of the providers of tracking or targeting technologies commissioned by us. Some of these servers are located in the USA. The data transfer is based on so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission or under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the/or Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles. If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of your data, you can object to the storage and processing of your data in the consent banner on our website. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser, which means that the services used will not process any session data. However, you may then no longer be able to use all the functions on our websites. You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our websites to their full extent.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use the reCaptcha service of Google LLC (“Google”), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, to protect us from spam and misuse. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This service serves to distinguish whether an entry was made by a human being or abusively by automated, machine processing. To determine this, Google places a cookie in your browser when you use the reCaptcha service and collects and processes the following data:
Referrer URL (address of the page on which the captcha is used)
Browser, browser size and resolution, browser plug-ins, date, language setting
Mouse- or Touch-Events within the reCaptcha box
Assignment to a Google account (if you are currently logged in to Google when using the reCaptcha service, this will be recognized and assigned)
Your input behaviour (e.g. answering the reCAPTCHA question, input speed into the form fields, order of selection of input fields by the user) is processed to improve pattern recognition on Google. Google also reads the cookies from other Google services such as Gmail, Search and Analytics. All of the above data is sent to Google in encrypted form. Google’s subsequent evaluation decides in which form the captcha is displayed on the page – in the form of a checkbox or by text input. A readout or saving of personal data from the input fields of the respective form does not take place. Further information about Google’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Google Analytics – Google Universal Analytics
Smaato uses Google Universal Analytics, a web analytics tool from Google and we have a privacy agreement with Google. Google uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookies on the use of the Smaato website by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, Smaato has activated the IP anonymization, so that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before this happens. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of Smaato, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to us in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 Par. 1 lit. f) GDPR for range measurement and evaluation (so-called statistics). In this case there is no further processing of your data for marketing or retargeting purposes. This serves the business optimization of our processes. If you have given your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR), we will also process your data for marketing purposes. You can find more information on terms of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms or https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” in order to ensure the anonymous processing of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). If you do not agree with the processing of your data by Google Analytics, you can object here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
6. Data Access and Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the information collected from the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services for as long as necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in this Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, the United Kingdom (UK), California, or Virginia, you may obtain a copy of the information we have about you, and correct or amend such information, by contacting us at
datarights@smaato.com
*protected email*
or by submitting a request to our online web form. You may read more about this and other rights in Section 11 below.
7. Data Security
We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are designed to protect the information from loss, misuse, or alteration. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information. To assist with data security, you understand that YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF ANY ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS THAT CAN BE USED TO ACCESS ANY ACCOUNT WITH SMAATO. ANY ACTIONS TAKEN USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
This Policy only applies to the Smaato Websites and the Smaato Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that access or use the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services. Likewise, when you access the Smaato Websites, you may be directed to other websites that are also beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the industry tools that we have referenced in this Policy.
9. Users from Outside the United States
The Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States, and their operation is governed by United States law. If you are using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services from outside the United States, be aware that your Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and other countries where our facilities are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share your information as described in this Policy. Please see Section 11 below, titled “The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” for additional information we provide for the benefit of residents of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
10. California Privacy Notice
Please see our California Privacy Notice for California Consumers
here
.
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
As of May 25, 2018, a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) will be in effect through the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. The GDPR requires Smaato and those using our services to provide users with certain information about the processing of their “Personal Data.” “Personal Data” is a term used under the GDPR that means, generally, data that identifies or can identify a particular unique user or device – for instance, names, addresses, and Mobile IDs. To comply with the GDPR, we provide the below representations and information, which are specific to persons located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and to the processing of personal data in the context of the activities of Smaato, Inc., Barcastraße 5, 22087 Hamburg, Germany.
a. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we are relying on to process any Personal Data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out in Sections 1 and 2 above (and Section 5 as to the Smaato Websites) will typically be because:
You provided your consent.
In order to store and gain access to information stored on your device, we rely on your consent. For this “cookie consent” (which applies not only to “cookies” but also to Mobile IDs), we rely on mobile app developers and oblige them contractually to pass on only legally obtained data. We do so to fulfill our obligations under the ePrivacy Directive. We may choose to obtain consent in other cases as well, in which case we will adhere to applicable laws relating to such consent and its withdrawal;
The processing is in our legitimate interest.
In some cases, we rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing Personal Data, in order to provide our and/or other data controllers’ services. Such processing goes beyond the original collection of Mobile IDs. A legitimate interest we rely on, for instance, is the tailoring of promotional communications within mobile apps and services, which is beneficial to End Users and is an integral part of the ecosystem by which freely available content is funded through advertising revenue. This also may include providing analysis of and reporting about ad campaigns. We also rely on legitimate interest when we use Personal Data to maintain the security of our services, such as to detect fraud or to ensure that bugs are detected and fixed;
Contractual relationships.
Sometimes, we process certain data as necessary under a contractual relationship we have (such as our customer records and contact information);
Legal obligations.
Finally, some processing of data may be necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
b.	Transfers of Personal Data
As Smaato is a global company and works with other global companies and technologies, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. For instance, we may transfer your data to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, and which may have data protection laws that are less strict in comparison to those in Europe. When we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take steps to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data. Your Personal Data will only be transferred to third countries outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK within the legally permissible framework. We transfer Personal Data to third countries outside the EU/EEA (a) as stipulated by law or based on your consent, (b) based on the adequacy decisions of the European Commission (a public and updated list of these countries can be found here) and (c) by contractual regulations such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses (a public and updated list of these clauses can be found here). These safeguards shall ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data and you can access further details regarding these safeguards upon request. Smaato, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.

Further, Smaato is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Smaato commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. or at the contact information in Section 14 below, titled “Contacting Us,” and we will work with you to resolve your issue. If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you may also contact your appropriate European Data Protection Authority, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we also commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR-AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, you may, under certain circumstances, invoke binding arbitration; please notify us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
and/or please visit
https://www.icdr.org/dpf
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of IDCR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
c.	Personal Data Retention
As a general matter, we retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to provide our Smaato Ad Services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We generally render Mobile IDs inactive within 13 months, provided that we may retain them if we have a legal or significant operational need to do so, such as for auditing, corporate record-keeping, compliance accounting, or bug-fixes. If you are a Client of ours and thus have an account with us, we will typically retain your business-to-business Personal Data for a period of 3 years after you have requested that your account be closed, or such account has been inactive.
d.	Your Rights as a Data Subject
The GDPR provides you with certain rights in respect to Personal Data that data controllers hold about you, including certain rights to access Personal Data, to request correction of the Personal Data, to request to restrict or delete Personal Data, and to object to our processing of your Personal Data (including profiling for online ad targeting).
Right to Access:
If you wish to exercise your right to access Personal Data we process as a data controller, you may do so by requesting access through the e-mail address
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. When we receive your request, we will provide you with current, step-by-step instructions to follow in order to obtain access. We will then assess requests to exercise data access rights on a case-by-case basis; in doing so, we consider the difficulty of verifying whether a mobile identifier and data we have linked to it truly and solely belongs to the data subject making the request, as well as the potential adverse effects on disclosure of personal data to the wrong individual. Because such improper disclosure would likely adversely affect the privacy rights and freedoms of the data subject, we may limit the Personal Data we make available. Please note that we will only grant requests submitted via email for Personal Data for which we are a data controller, as explained further below. Where we act as a data processor for one of our Clients, we will refer your request to that Client. Please identify the Client your request refers to (if possible), to simplify this process.
Right to Correct:
If you wish to exercise your right to correct Personal Data, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information below.
Right to Object to Processing or to Withdraw Consent:
By using the device-based “opt-out” signals described in Section 4(b) above, you may withdraw consent for processing on which we rely on consent. If you do so, we will cease processing your Personal Data for purposes of our services within 30 days or less. We either collect these opt-out signals ourselves or receive them from the mobile apps we work with.
Right to Erasure.
You also have the right to obtain the erasure of Personal Data concerning you that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if you have an iOS device). We will also manually delete your Personal Data, subject our identity verification process mentioned above, if you prefer that we do so; please contact us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
for further instructions on exercising this right manually. Please note, however, that we may retain copies of certain Personal Data on inactive or backup files, for our own internal and necessary purposes, such as auditing, accounting and billing, legal, or bug detection. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill any important purposes that we have in retaining it, principally regarding legal, auditing, accounting, and billing obligations.
Right to Lodge Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.
e.	Smaato as a Data Controller and a Data Processor
EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, we encourage you to direct your inquiry to the relevant data controller, since data controllers hold primary responsibility for your Personal Data. Smaato may act as either a data controller or a data processor in handling your Personal Data, depending on the precise circumstances. For instance, for Personal Data that we use internally and independently to operate the Smaato Ad Services, and for Personal Data that we collect about our Clients, we are a data controller. If Smaato is acting as a data Controller, it remains primarily liable where this data is passed to third parties. But when we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our Clients or Partners in order to provide our services to them, we are a data processor. Thus, for instance, if you have questions about data that is used primarily by a mobile app on which our technology is embedded – or companies that serve ads that use our technology – you should contact those companies regarding questions about the Personal Data they handle and control.
f.	Contact Details and Controller
This data protection information applies to data processing by the data controller Smaato, Inc. for users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific data protection notice.
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Or our German office at:
Barcastraße 5, 1st Floor
22087 Hamburg, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg
Supervisory Authority
The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 7th floor
20459 Hamburg
Tel.: +49 (040) 42854-4040
E-mail:
mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
*protected email*
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
To help and foster the protection of consumer privacy, Smaato is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies on consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) America and Europe, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Smaato participates in, and complies with the policies and technical specifications of, the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF). Smaato’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #82. Please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” for more information about your privacy choices.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. The amended Policy will be displayed on the Smaato Websites. Please check our Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version and to stay informed of our privacy practices. Your continued access to and use of the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services constitute your acknowledgment of this Policy and any updates.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any general questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us by email at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
or mailing the following address:
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Search
Sub-policy 18
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy:
Server Error
Well. This definitely shouldn't happen and we are probably working on it already.
Try
refreshing a page
or contact us at
support@tapjoy.com.
Sub-policy 19
https://www.tappx.com/privacy-policy/:
Profiles
Our users
Only by truly prioritizing the needs of our clients we can bring them the results they need.
Developers
Independent app and game developers with agile start requirements.
Publishers
Mid-size and large publishers with enterprise needs.
Advertisers & agencies
Media buyers pursuing direct and premium inventory.
Demand partners
Programmatic buying platforms aiming to integrate with our services.
Solutions
Our solutions
Our technology works hand in hand with our brilliant team. It’s a unique human contribution.
Monetization
Maximize ad revenue from your app, web, media outlet or channel.
Paid user acquisition at scale
Meet your user acquisition goals effectively.
Programmatic brand advertising
Access direct and premium inventory.
Programmatic performance advertising
Meet your ad campaign goals and pay only for the results you get.
Platforms
Our platforms
Constantly challenging to explore new ideas and platforms to deliver the most innovative solutions.
Mobile
In-app and mobile web environments.
Desktop web
Web advertising options for bigger screen size.
OTT/CTV
Video advertising options for Connected TV and over-the-top platforms.
Company
Our company
Who we are, how we work, and how to join our beloved team.
About us
Where we came from, where we are going to.
Our team
Meet the team members who you will be number one fan.
Careers
Do you stand out? Come on board!
Trust Center
Learn everything about our "Quality First Framework".
Press Center
What they say about us in the press: numbers, announcements, and interviews.
Community
Our community
We believe in fair opportunities for all parts of the ad ecosystem. Knowledge is one way to achieve it.
Our agenda
Events where we can meet next
Industry events calendar
Discover key industry events and dates to mark on your calendar.
Knowledge Center
Everything you need to know about the industry in one place.
Blog
Tips and trends about technology, media, and apps to master water-cooler conversations.
Success stories
Before you, others have trusted us and achieved the results they set out.
Get started
Compliance resource center
Legal information
Legal notice
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
General terms and conditions
Programmatic demand general terms
Programmatic supply general terms
Performance demand general terms
Performance supply general terms
Data Privacy Agreement
Consumer Opt Out
DSA notice
How we serve ads
Privacy policy
Understand how we process and safeguard your personal data.
Summary
We consider your privacy a priority when providing our services.
Your consent is our starting point, no surprises.
We process your data rigorously and according to applicable data protection regulation.
Know your rights regarding the data we process.
Read carefully
×
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
Etiam elit tortor, consequat sit amet ultricies ut, pellentesque a magna. Etiam mattis odio ut nibh pulvinar bibendum. Curabitur porta gravida urna sit amet tincidunt. Etiam sit amet nunc vulputate, blandit mauris sit amet, lacinia arcu. Morbi in orci tincidunt, tincidunt dolor vitae, hendrerit sem. Etiam in suscipit purus. Morbi dignissim vitae nibh ut condimentum.
Close
We use cookies
We use our own and third-party cookies to compile statistics on the use of the website in order to identify faults and improve the content and configuration of the website. We also use own and third party cookies to remember some options you have chosen (language, for example).
Manage preferences
.
Accept
Reject
Settings
Change cookie settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
🏆 We won the Best User Acquisition Campaign at the App Growth Awards.
Read full success story here
Sub-policy 20
https://triplelift.com/privacy/:
TripleLift Privacy Center
Last updated March 16, 2021
If you have a disability which prevents you from electronically accessing this policy and require it to be provided in alternative format (e.g., audio, large print), you can send us a message at our
contact
email listed below
Our Privacy Center is designed to provide you with quick and convenient access to essential information about our privacy practices as well as to tools where you can express your preferences.
TripleLift is committed to transparency, and we want you to understand fully how we may collect, use and share information relating to individuals like you and how to access the privacy choices that are available to you.
TripleLift Privacy Policies
To read our full privacy policies describing:
How we collect, use and share personal information on this website and in our corporate activities, please see our
Website and Corporate Privacy Policy here
How we collect, use and share personal information through our advertising technology, please see our
Advertising Technology Platform Privacy Policy here
TripleLift Cookie Statements
To read about how TripleLift uses cookies and similar technologies to collect personal information about individuals:
When you use or interact with our website or in our corporate business activities, see our
Cookie Notice here
In the operation of our advertising technology platform, see our
Advertising Technology Platform Cookie Notice here
TripleLift Opt-Out
There are many ways to opt out of the collection and use of data for advertising which our clients may conduct using our technology.
To express your preferences with respect to the information we may collect or receive about your device in our advertising technology, please visit our Opt-Out
here
.
To find out about alternative ways to opt out, see the section entitled
“Your Choices and Rights”
in our Advertising Technology Platform Privacy Policy.
Contact
Please contact us at the email provided below if you have any additional questions or wish to make a complaint:
About our collection, use and sharing of personal information on this website or in our corporate activities, please email privacy((at))triplelift((dot))com.
About our collection, use and sharing of personal information through our advertising technology, please email platformprivacy((at))triplelift((dot))com.
Sub-policy 21
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 22
https://www.verve.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Legal
Product Privacy Policies
Product Privacy Policy — Verve Group, Inc. and VGI CTV, Inc.
Product Privacy Policy — Verve Group Europe GmbH
Product Privacy Policy — Platform161 B.V.
Date modified:
March 10, 2025
Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy
Verve Group, Inc. and VGI CTV, Inc. (together “Verve”) are committed to protecting consumer privacy and to clearly informing users about the collection and use of information.
This Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Verve processes personal information when providing advertising, measurement, and related services to our clients (“Services”). This Policy also describes your choices over such processing. This Policy does not describe how we process personal information relating to our website. For information on how we process personal information relating to our website please read our
Website Privacy Policy
.
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you or your household or can be reasonably linked directly or indirectly with you or your household. This Policy does not apply to anonymous, de-identified, or aggregate personal information as defined under applicable law.
Collecting Personal Information
We collect Personal Information when you knowingly and voluntarily provide it to us, such as when you provide us feedback or request information from us. This Personal Information will only be processed in connection with your feedback or request.
Verve may identify your device and collect Personal Information using an operating system-supplied ID such as Apple’s Advertising Identifier, Google’s Advertising Identifier, or a randomly assigned unique identifier (“Device Identifier”). The advertisements delivered by Verve may include forms or other prompts that allow you to opt-in to share data.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any child under 13 years of age. If we are informed or become aware that our Services are being used on a site or app directed at children, we will restrict the use of ad-serving information to uses permitted under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
a) Location Data
In order to make advertising messages as relevant as possible, location data associated with Device Identifiers may be used for targeting ads and as input into location-targeting segments based on the characteristics of locations. Location data is also used to count impressions, clicks, and other metrics to model household locations for the purposes of demonstrating the marketing impact of advertiser campaigns. Location data that you provide to an app or website may be provided to Verve for ad-serving or reporting purposes. In addition, supplemental information may also be used such as a device’s speed of movement and positioning, proximity of nearby devices, or similar information available from an operating system.
You can opt-out of the use of data for location-based tracking by using the settings available on your mobile device. Ads will continue to be selected for you based on more general information, such as location that can be inferred from Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other data.
b) Cookies
We collect information automatically when you use our Services through mobile websites or HTML by using log files and alpha-numeric identifiers known as “cookies” that are usually stored with the device’s web browser. This includes your IP address, browser type, browser language, device type and version, the date and time of your request, the amount of data transferred, the source of your request (page referrer), and the nature of the content delivered to you. We generally use cookies to help with customer tracking. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and/or persistent cookies (which stay on your device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience. Persistent cookies can be removed or blocked by following the directions in your internet browser. We also use log files and cookies to improve the quality of Services and pages you have visited.
In addition to the Device Identifiers described above, Verve will collect information about the type of app you are using and details such as IP address, device type, carrier, and operating system. Verve utilizes this information to uniquely identify mobile devices to deliver targeted marketing messages to consumers. We believe that the presentation of relevant marketing messages assists in providing a more meaningful mobile web experience. For example, this technology enables Verve to limit the number of times a specific message is presented to a consumer (frequency capping), to support product category preferential marketing, and to deliver advertising based on your location.
c) Web Beacons
We may permit publishers and advertisers to use a software technology called pixels (a.k.a., web beacons), which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, used to report non-personal individual or aggregate information and help us better manage content on our Services. In addition, we may use pixels in our advertisements to let us know which ads have been viewed or to help tailor advertising.
d) Information from Third Parties
Our business partners may also collect Personal Information from you using a variety of technologies, including cookies, software development kits, and other digital trackers deployed on websites, mobile applications, or other digital services. They may share this information about your devices with us. We may add this to the information we obtain from your use of Services. You may be able to modify or disable the collection or sharing of Personal Information in your device settings.
Using Personal Information — Your Choices
Verve uses Personal Information to provide Services to our business partners. They are used to help tailor which ads are displayed to you as you visit websites or apps using our Services. Information that Verve collects as you visit a website or app will be used to create an ad-serving profile used to determine the ads displayed and to report about the effectiveness of that advertising. Personal Information collected by Verve may be linked with other available data about you from our business partners, including linking the various devices you may use. Where permitted by law, we use the information we collect to improve our products and services.
Your Personal Information may be processed by Verve in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information is less stringent than the laws in your country. To opt-out of the use of Personal Information to tailor the ads you are shown, you can use the “Limit Ad Tracking” settings on your device, more information
here
. You will continue to see ads, but they will not be selected based on your activity across unrelated websites or apps. Some of our Services that use cookies offer an opt-out cookie. These opt-out cookies allow you to decline ad targeting on the websites you visit. This option can be exercised
here
.
Sensitive Information
When we create profiles to serve ads based on your activity across different websites or apps, we restrict the use of advertising categories that we deem sensitive based on local law, applicable industry codes, and our own internal standards.
Retention
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed to support our business needs for ad-delivery, reporting, and auditing, but for no longer than two years, after which such data is deleted or minimized by having unique user-level identifiers removed.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Verve may disclose certain Personal Information:
To service providers who help us provide the Services, in which case we will take reasonable steps to ensure that these parties comply with confidentiality obligations and contractually require these parties only use the information as needed to provide services to us;
To third parties that you ask or to whom you have authorized us to send Personal Information;
To any subsidiary organizations, joint ventures, or other organizations under our control or who are under common control with us (collectively, “Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy;
If we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) resolve disputes or investigate problems (b) comply with relevant laws or to respond to lawful requests from law enforcement or other public authorities; or (c) protect and defend our rights or property or the rights and property of you or third parties; or
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction, or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Verve may disclose Non-Personal Information to business partners, such as analytics companies, and to advertisers, ad networks, other partners, and third parties.
To opt-out of sharing Personal Information by Verve with additional parties, you can use the “Limit Ad Tracking” settings on your device.
Verve may disclose information that is anonymous, de-identified, or aggregated for any purpose.
Security
Verve takes reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Verve is committed to continually examining and reviewing its privacy practices and may make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights & Contact Information
Subject to local law, you may have certain rights over your Personal Information. These rights may include, depending on the circumstances, the rights to access your Personal Information, delete Personal Information collected from you, receive additional information regarding the information of yours we hold, stop certain disclosure of your Personal Information, withdraw consent for processing you may have given to us, or opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information. If you would like to exercise your right under local law or if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, you may contact us at:
moc.e
1742471335
vrev@
1742471335
ycavi
1742471335
rp
1742471335
or using the opt-out mechanisms
here
and
here
.
Verve Group, Inc. & VGI CTV Inc.
60 Madison Avenue, 8th floor
New York, NY 10010
United States
California residents should consult the “Additional Information for California Residents” and residents of the EEA and the United Kingdom should consult “Additional Information for European Residents,” below.
Additional Information for California Residents
Personal Data
In the course of providing the Services, Verve processes Personal Information as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). As a business, we do not sell Personal Information that we process when providing the Services. We disclose the following categories of Personal Information to business partners for the purpose of providing our Services:
Categories we collect:
We provide advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”). Through our Services, we may collect information about you (to the extent that Clients pass such information to us), which may include mobile advertising identifiers, session and persistent cookies, IP addresses, apps used or downloaded, websites visited, browser and operating system type, type of device used, information actively provided by users responding to a form in an ad, randomly assigned identifiers, and general location information and system information that our SDK may collect about your device or network provider. This information is retained for a period of 14-30 days.
Categories of Sensitive Information:
We do not collect sensitive information.
Sources:
All the information above is collected from your device when you are using an app to visit a website and is provided to us by the business partner you interact with by using their app or viewing an ad. We also acquire this information from advertising or data exchanges.
Each Category is collected for the following business purposes: delivering ads on publisher sites, reporting on ad delivery, securing, protecting, auditing, bug and fraud detection, debugging and repair of errors, the detection, protection, and prosecution of security incidents or illegal activity; enforcing our terms and policies; complying with law.
Each Category is also collected for uses that advance our commercial interests including creating profiles to target ads on behalf of advertisers, using data collected from publishers and from other third parties.
Sale/Sharing Information
Verve may disclose the categories of information described above to business partners, such as analytics companies and may share the information with advertisers, ad networks, other partners, and third parties.
Opt-Out signals
If a Verve publisher or advertiser partner has transmitted to Verve a “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” signal, an “Opt-Out of the Use of My Personal Information for Interest-Based Advertising” signal, or a “Limit Use of My Sensitive Personal Information” signal, we will limit our use of Personal Information from that partner and we will act only as a service provider as defined in the CCPA. You may also exercise your opt-out rights as described below.
Access, Deletion and Opt-Out Rights
Subject to certain exceptions and restrictions, the CCPA provides you as a California Resident the right to submit requests to Verve: (i) to provide you with access to the specific pieces and categories of Personal Information collected by Verve about you, the categories of sources for such Personal Information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting such Personal Information, and the categories of third parties with which such information was shared; and (ii) to delete such Personal Information.
Please email us at
moc.e
1742471335
vrev@
1742471335
ycavi
1742471335
rp
1742471335
for instructions on how you can exercise your California access, deletion and Opt-Out rights. You may also submit a request
here
. We will need to verify your identity and that the information you requested relates to you before completing your rights request. We generally do not associate Personal Information (such as device history) with identified individuals as we generally do not have information such as names or email addresses connected to device information. Therefore, we will need your Advertiser Identifier to process your request. If you do not provide us with the required information, we will be unable to process your request.
You may designate an authorized agent to make California Requests on your behalf.
We do not discriminate against you.
You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Verve does not discriminate against California Residents for exercising their rights.
We do not sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
Additional Information for European Residents
If you are situated in the European Union, the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom, the following provisions will apply in addition to the Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy to any Personal Information.
Data Controller
For purposes of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), Verve is the data controller of the Personal Information.
Legal Basis for Processing
We will process your Personal Information (a) for the purpose of legitimate interests pursued by us in accordance with Art 6 para. 1 lit. (f) GDPR; or (b) because you have consented to the processing in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit (a) GDPR.
We will only process Personal Information based on our legitimate interests for storing and accessing Personal Information necessary to provide the Services; selecting, delivering and reporting on the effectiveness of advertisements; measuring the performance of advertisements and campaigns and investigating and preventing fraud.
Transferring your Information outside Europe
We transfer Personal Information from the European Union, the EEA and the United Kingdom, to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protection of the Personal Information.
If we transfer your personal information to a third-party service provider outside the European Union, the EEA or the United Kingdom we are responsible for such transfer and we will impose obligations on the recipients of that Personal Information to protect your data to the standard required in the GDPR.
Rights under the GDPR
You have the following rights: (a) you have the right to obtain information about the data processed about you (Art. 15 GDPR); (b) if inaccurate personal data is processed, you have a right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR); (c) if the legal requirements are met, you may request the erasion or restriction of processing as well as object to processing (Art. 17, 18, 21 GDPR); (d) if you have consented to the data processing or a contract for data processing exists and the data processing is carried out with the help of automated procedures, you may have a right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR).
We generally do not associate Personal Information (such as device history) with identified individuals as we generally do not have information such as names or email addresses connected to device information. Therefore, we will need your Advertiser Identifier to fulfill your rights. If you do not provide us with the required information, we will be unable to ensure your rights. To exercise your rights, for questions or further information please contact us at
moc.e
1742471335
vrev@
1742471335
ycavi
1742471335
rp
1742471335
.
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg, Germany
TCF Compliance
VGI CTV is participating in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with the Policies and Specifications of the Transparency & Consent Framework. The assigned vendor ID of VGI CTV is 237.
Related: Website Privacy Policy
Sub-policy 23
https://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 24
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Centre
Back
Privacy Centre
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Controls
How Digital Advertising Works
Topics
Cookie Policy
Copyright/IP
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Centre
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Controls
How Digital Advertising Works
Topics
Cookie Policy
Copyright/IP
Community Guidelines
Yahoo privacy policy
Yahoo privacy policy
Expand all
Collapse all
Version 3.1, last updated July 2023 (see the
previous privacy policy
here).
This privacy policy describes who we are, what information we collect from you, how we process your information, who we share it with, and your rights under data protection laws.
To make it easier for you to navigate this privacy policy, we have put certain words and phrases in
bold
. You can click on them to see a definition of the word or phrase.
1. Who we are
We, Yahoo EMEA Limited, are a technology and media company. Yahoo EMEA Limited is a company established under the laws of Ireland and with headquarters located at ####Dublin-v2address#### Ireland. Yahoo EMEA Limited is the data controller, meaning that we are responsible for why and how the personal information we collect through our services is used and held.
We provide the following services.
Our
consumer services
, under brands such as Yahoo and AOL. We can offer you most of these sites and apps for free, thanks to our digital advertising services.
Our
digital advertising services
, which choose, display and measure the ads which are shown to you on our, and our partners’, sites and apps.
Learn more about how digital advertising works
.
In this privacy policy, our consumer services and digital advertising services are referred to together as ‘our services’.
2. When this privacy policy applies
This privacy policy applies when:
you use the
consumer services
, as described in our
Terms of Service
, in the United Kingdom, the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA), the Middle East or Africa
you use other companies’ sites and apps that use our
digital advertising services
, or
we use your information that was provided to us by others (for example, if we process information about you that we get from partners or publicly accessible websites).
This privacy policy does not apply:
when you are a business customer of our digital advertising services (our
business to business privacy policy
applies instead)
when you visit other websites and apps through links on our consumer services
when you do not use our services (our
information notice for people who do not use Yahoo services
applies instead)
to our employees, during the course of their work, or
when the provider of the services you use is another Yahoo company (and not Yahoo EMEA Limited).
Throughout this privacy policy we refer to different categories of personal information that we process.
Click on + on the right to learn more about these categories of information.
The table below provides more detail about the categories of information we collect and process.
4. How we collect your information
We collect information about you at different times and from different sources, depending on:
how you use our
consumer services
how you interact with our
digital advertising services
your privacy settings with us
your privacy settings with other companies who have the right to share information with us, and
whether we have the right to use your information from publicly available sources.
We collect some of this information by using
cookies and similar technologies
. Learn more in our
cookie policy
.
When you use our
consumer services
or use other companies' sites or apps that use our
digital advertising services
, we collect your information.
Click on + on the right to learn more about when we collect your information.
We collect the following information that you provide to us when you use our consumer services.
We collect the following information when you use our consumer services (direct collection).
We collect the following information when you use third party sites and apps that use our digital advertising services (indirect collection).
We collect the following information from partners through contractual agreements, or from publicly available sources.
When you use our
consumer services
or use other companies' sites or apps that use our
digital advertising services
, we use your information for the following purposes:
to provide the consumer services to you
to provide advertising to you, including to build
interest profiles
to personalise the ads we show to you
to personalise the content we show you, including to build interest profiles
to directly market our consumer services to you
to understand, develop, and improve our services
to develop and provide insights about our services
to authenticate our users and protect our systems from, for example, fraudulent, abusive or unlawful activity
to investigate, identify, bring or defend against legal claims, and
to keep to relevant laws and regulations (that is, for legal compliance).
When we process information in connection with these purposes, we rely on legal bases (valid legal reasons). The legal bases we rely on are as follows.
Contract
- the processing is necessary for a contract you have with us, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract with us.
Consent
- you have given us clear permission.
Legitimate interests
- the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, unless there is a good reason to protect your personal information and that takes priority over our or a third party’s legitimate interests.
Legal obligation
- the processing is necessary for us to keep to any law that applies (not including our obligations under any contract).
Vital interests
- the processing is necessary to protect someone’s life.
Click on + on the right to learn more.
To perform our contract with you
We process your information when it is necessary to enter into or keep our contract with you. You can find the terms of the contract in the
Terms of Service
.
Processing carried out to provide you with our consumer services
With your consent
We need your
consent
(permission) to use your information for certain processing activities. This means that we will only perform this processing once you agree by taking an action such as clicking ‘I agree’. You can withdraw your consent for any of the processing stated below (i to v) through
your privacy controls
.
Processing carried out to provide certain features of our consumer services
Processing carried out to provide tailored advertising, including to build an advertising interest profile
Processing carried out to provide tailored content to you, including to build a content interest profile
Processing carried out to market our services directly to you and promote partners’ products and services
Processing carried out to understand, develop and improve our consumer services
Based on legitimate interest
We process your information when it is in our or our partners’
legitimate interests
.
Processing carried out to measure, understand, develop, and improve our consumer services
Processing carried out for authentication and security purposes, including to prevent and detect fraudulent, abusive or unlawful activity
Processing carried out to investigate, identify, bring or defend against legal claims, to share information with other relevant parties, including law-enforcement agencies, and to respond to legal requests
Processing carried out to provide advertising
Meet our legal obligations
We process your information when it is necessary for us to do so in order to meet our legal obligations.
Protect vital interests
We process your information when it is necessary for us to do so in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Below are the categories of recipients we share your information with.
Click on + on the right to learn more about these recipients and why we share your information with them.
You have certain rights over your information, including the right to receive a copy of your personal information, to control how we process certain information, and to correct or delete personal information.
This section provides further information on your rights and how to exercise them.
These rights may be limited in certain circumstances. For example, when we:
cannot verify your identity
are required by law to restrict your privacy rights
have a valid business reason to keep your personal information, or
must protect the rights of others.
Click on + on the right to learn more.
How to exercise your privacy rights
You can exercise your privacy rights by visiting
your privacy controls
. You can also exercise your privacy rights by filling in our
privacy form
.
Withdraw your consent
If you have given us your
consent
to process your information or to use
cookies and similar technologies
, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You can do this through
your privacy controls
.
Please note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out based on your consent before it was withdrawn.
Object to the processing of your information
You have the right to object to us processing your personal information. You can update your marketing preferences at any time by visiting
your privacy controls
. You can also object by filling in our
privacy form
.
When you make an objection we will consider a number of factors including:
your reasonable expectations
the benefits and risks to you, us or other people, and
other available ways that would achieve the same outcome.
Restrict the processing of your information
In certain circumstances you can restrict the processing of your information for a period of time, as long as there are valid reasons for doing so. To do this please contact us using our
privacy form
.
Get copies of your information
You have the right to ask us for a copy of the personal information we hold about you. You can download a copy of your information from
your privacy controls
or by using our
privacy form
.
Get your information in an accessible way
This right, known as the right to data portability, allows you to receive information that is accessible and machine-readable, and to ask an organisation to transfer your information to another organisation (for example, another email provider). You can arrange this through
your privacy controls
.
Delete your information
You have the right, in certain cases, to ask us to delete your information. We will delete the information unless we are required by law to keep it or we have a valid business reason for keeping it.
You can delete your account and the information associated with it, at any time, by visiting
your privacy controls
or by contacting us using our
privacy form
.
When you ask us to delete your account, we will delete your information or make it anonymous within 30 days, unless there are overriding circumstances for us to keep it (for example, if we are required by law to keep it).
You can ask for specific URLs to no longer appear in search results for your name on Yahoo Search and AOL Search. This is often referred to as the right to be forgotten. You can make this request by visiting our
right to be forgotten page
.
Correct your information
You have the right to correct the information you provided if it is no longer accurate or is incomplete. You can update your information at any time by visiting your
account info
page or you can contact us using our
privacy form
.
Raise a concern
If you have any questions or concerns about how your information is processed, you can contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing
dpo-contact@yahooinc.com
or by writing to us at the address provided in the
how to contact us
section below. If you are not satisfied with our response, you also have the right to make a complaint to the data protection regulator in the country you live or work in. Find your
local data protection regulator
.
If you live in Switzerland, you can
contact the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
.
If you live in the UK you can contact the
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
.
9. How we protect your information
We take protecting your information seriously. We follow a comprehensive information-security program and use technical and organisational measures, such as two-step verification, encryption,
pseudonymisation
and ongoing security training for our employees, to protect your information. We also continually evaluate emerging threats, the latest security technologies and best practices.
When you contact us, we will ask you to provide certain information so we can confirm your identity and your right to access the account. This is to make sure your account and associated information are protected from unauthorised access.
We generally store your information for as long as is necessary for:
the purposes described in section 6 of this privacy policy
other legitimate purposes, such as meeting our legal obligations and enforcing our terms of service, and
security purposes.
In some cases, we store your information for longer (for example when we need to keep to legal requirements).
Click on + on the right to learn more.
The period we keep your information for depends on factors such as:
the type of information
why it has been collected and is being processed
business needs (for example, creating backups so we can restore our services after a disaster), and
any legal requirements we must keep to.
For example, we keep the content of your email account for as long as your account is active. To keep your account active you must log in at least once every 12 months. If your account becomes inactive, your mailbox will be automatically deleted and cannot be restored. If your account continues to be inactive for a further six months, making it inactive for a total of 18 months, your account will be automatically scheduled for deactivation and deletion by our systems. We will tell you using your alternative communications channel (if you have set one up) before this happens.
Please note that paid subscriber accounts remain active during the subscription period regardless of account activity.
We work with Yahoo companies (our affiliates) and other companies in different countries. These countries may have privacy and data protection laws which are different from those in your country.
When we transfer your information, we rely on appropriate safeguards being in place to protect information that is transferred to other countries.
Click on + on the right to learn more about these safeguards.
When we transfer information to our affiliates or companies in other countries, we make sure that safeguards are in place to protect the information. The safeguards we rely on are:
adequacy decisions
, if the recipient is in a country that is considered ‘adequate’ by the EEA and the UK, and
standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom.
The countries we transfer personal information to include Australia, the United Kingdom, India, the United States, Canada, Singapore, Taiwan and Israel.
We may rely on other conditions to transfer your information, such as when the transfer is necessary:
to keep to a contract that has been entered into, in your interests, between the data controller and another party
to establish, bring or defend legal claims
for important reasons of public interest, or
to protect the vital interests of a person.
If you have any questions about the standard contractual clauses, or would like to get a copy of them, you can contact us using our
privacy form
or the contact information provided in the section below.
12. How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, want to raise a concern with us, or want to exercise your privacy rights, the quickest and easiest way to do so is to get in touch with us using our online
privacy form
.
You can also write to us at:
The Privacy Team
Yahoo EMEA Limited ####Dublinaddress####Ireland
If you want to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can email
dpo-contact@yahooinc.com
or write to:
The Data Protection Officer
Yahoo EMEA Limited ####Dublinaddress####Ireland
UK residents can also contact our UK GDPR representative by emailing YahooUKGDPRrepresentative@mhcldn.com or writing to:
MHC U.K. GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes & Curran LLP
1 Cornhill, London
EC3V 3ND
United Kingdom
13. Changes to this privacy policy
We will make changes to this privacy policy from time to time.
Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make a significant change to how we use or share your information we will tell you beforehand.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 25
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/topic/ourpartners/index.htm:
Page Not Found
Sorry, but the page you were trying to view does not exist.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 26
https://www.moloco.com/privacy-policy:
New insights!
Unlock global growth with Beyond Borders: Mobile Gaming Insights for Global Growth.
ACCESS FREE REPORT
Products
products
Grow your users through performance advertising
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Monetize your commerce platform
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Launch a full-funnel advertising business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Solutions
SOLUTIONS
For Mobile App Marketers
For Agency Partners
For Commerce Platforms
For Streaming Platforms
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Solutions
Solutions
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Turn online retail and marketplaces into a thriving ads business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ad platform
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Solutions
Solutions
For Marketers
Moloco Ads - Grow your app on the open internet
For Publishers
Moloco SDK - Maximize your app's revenue
For Retailers/Marketplaces
Moloco Commerce Media - Build your own performance ads business
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Streaming Monetization - Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Solutions
Solutions
For Marketers
For Publishers
For Retailers/Marketplaces
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Ads for Agencies
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Moloco SDK
Maximize your app's revenue
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco SDK Help Center
Moloco Commerce Media
Build your own performance ads business
Case studies, blogs, reports
Commerce Media GrowthU
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Moloco Streaming
Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Case studies, blogs, reports
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Help Center
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Commerce Media GrowthU
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
English
한국어
简体中文
日本語
Français
Deutsch
Contact us
Join us as Moloco takes the stage for Advertising Week NYC 2024, Oct 7-10
English
한국어
简体中文
日本語
Français
Deutsch
Products
Grow your users through performance advertising
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Monetize your commerce platform
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Launch a full-funnel advertising business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Solutions
For Mobile App Marketers
For Agency Partners
For Commerce Platforms
For Streaming Platforms
Solutions
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Commerce Media
Turn online retail and marketplaces into a thriving ads business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ad platform
Solutions
For Marketers
Moloco Ads - Grow your app on the open internet
For Publishers
Moloco SDK - Maximize your app's revenue
For Retailer/Marketplaces
Moloco Commerce Media - Build your own performance ads business
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Streaming Monetization - Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Solutions
Back
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Ads for Agencies
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Back
Moloco SDK
Maximize your app's revenue
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco SDK Help Center
Back
Moloco Commerce Media
Build your own performance ads business
Case studies, blogs, reports
Commerce Media GrowthU+
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Back
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Case studies, blogs, reports
For Marketers
For Publishers
For Retailer/Marketplaces
For Streaming Platforms
Resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Help Center
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Commerce Media GrowthU
Company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Effective Date: February 27, 2025
Moloco's privacy policy
Moloco Inc Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to personal information processed by Moloco Inc. (“Moloco,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) through our website
https://www.moloco.com/
and related Moloco offerings. To make this Privacy Notice easier to read, our website and related offerings are collectively called the “Services.”
An Important Note: Except as otherwise stated, this Privacy Notice does not apply to any of the personal information that Moloco’s products or services process, including Moloco’s demand-side platform offering. For details about the personal information Moloco processes via its demand-side platform, please visit the Moloco
Demand-Side Platform Privacy Notice
.
Personal information we collect
The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with our Services.
‍
Information you provide to us:
‍
‍
Account information.
If you create an account with Moloco, we will collect personal information such as your name and email address in order to provision your account.
‍
‍
Your communications with us
. We collect personal information from you such as your email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about or a demo of our products and services, sign up for marketing from us, register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
‍
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
Interactive features
. We may offer interactive features such as blogs and social media pages. We and others who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any content you provide on the public sections of these features will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. By using these interactive features, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes.
Conferences, trade shows, and other events.
We may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect personal information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in Moloco. If you provide us with any information at one of these events, we will use it for the purposes for which it was collected.
Business development and strategic partnerships.
We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
‍
Job applications.
We may post job openings and opportunities on the Services. If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and process the information contained therein to assess your suitability, aptitude, skills, and qualifications for employment with Moloco.
‍
Information collected automatically
Automatic data collection. We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information (including inferred location based off of your IP address), Internet service provider, mobile carrier, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, information about how you interact with the Services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use the Services.
Cookies, pixel tags/web beacons, and analytics information.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your device that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about engagement on the Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Analytics
. We may process analytics information on our Services, including through the use of Technologies.
For more information about our use of cookies and other Technologies, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
‍
Information from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including from third party services and organizations.
How we use your information
We use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including:
To Provide the Services or Information Requested, such as:
Fulfilling our contract with you;
Responding to questions, comments, and other requests;
Allowing you to register for events;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services; and
Answering requests for customer or technical support.
Administrative Purposes, such as:
Pursuing legitimate interests, such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Improving the Services;
Developing new products and services;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities;
Carrying out audits;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and Privacy Notice changes;
Preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforcing our agreements; and
Complying with our legal obligations.
Marketing our products and services.
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth below.
Consent
. We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent.
How we use cookies and other technologies
. For more information about how we use cookies and other Technologies, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Use of de-identified and aggregated information
. We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. De-identified and/or aggregated information is not personal information, and we may use and disclose such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes.
Share content with friends or colleagues
. Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral services. Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.
Disclosing your information to third parties
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Moloco customers.
If you access our Services as an authorized user of one of Moloco’s customers, the Moloco customer may access information associated with your use of the Services including usage data and the contents of the communications and files associated with your account. Your personal information may also be subject to the Moloco customer’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the Moloco customer’s processing of your personal information.
Service providers.
We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) marketing and advertising; (iv) payment and transaction processing; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision of IT and related services.
Business partners.
We may provide personal information to business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
Affiliates.
We may share personal information with Moloco’s affiliated entities.
Advertising partners.
Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party services within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” If you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions in our
Cookie Policy
.
Disclosures to protect us or others.
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iii) enforce our policies or contracts; (iv) collect amounts owed to us; or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfer.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
International data transfers
All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws.
Your choices
General.
You may be able to opt out of certain uses of your personal information.
Email communications.
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Notice).
“Do Not Track”.
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Your privacy rights
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); (iv) object to or restrict our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below.
We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
Data retention
We store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Notice for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
SUPPLEMENTAL CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
This Supplemental California Privacy Notice only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information Moloco has collected about them and whether Moloco disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of personal information collected by Moloco
Identifiers
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Commercial information
Internet or other electronic network activity
Professional or employment-related information
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
Categories of third parties personal information is disclosed to for a business purpose
Service providers
Advertising networks
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth above.
“Sales” of personal information under the CCPA
For purposes of the CCPA, Moloco does not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Additional privacy rights for California residents
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth below.
Verification
. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include confirming the email address associated with any personal information we have about you.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
Security of your information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
Third party websites/applications
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third party websites or applications is at your own risk.
Children's information
The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below. If we learn that we have collected a child’s personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Notice if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Notice takes effect.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Notice, please contact us at:
Attn: Privacy Group
Moloco Inc.
601 Marshall St, 5th Floor
Redwood City, CA 94063
privacy@moloco.com
UK GDPR Representative: Moloco UK Limited, with registered address No.1 London Bridge, London, SE1 9BG
‍
EU GDPR Representative: Moloco Germany GmbH, with registered address Am Zirkus 2, 10117 Berlin
‍
‍
‍
‍
Sub-policy 27
https://corp.aarki.com/privacy:
1. ABOUT US AND OUR SERVICES
Aarki LLC (
"Aarki"
,
"we"
,
"our"
or
"us"
) works
                            with mobile application developers, brands, and advertising agencies (our
"Customers"
)
                            to deliver advertising to
                            users of mobile apps. We do this through a media buying and optimization platform and
                            service that
                            we make available to our Customers (our
"Service"
).
2. WHAT THIS POLICY COVERS
2.1
We are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our Customers' users of our
                            Service
                            and visitors of our website at
www.aarki.com
(the
"Site"
).
2.2
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, store, process, transfer, share and use data
                            (
"personal information"
)
                            that identifies or is associated with visitors of our Site and users authorised to access
                            the Service by our Customers.
2.3
When we collect and use personal information in connection with our Service, we do so both
                            on the instructions of the relevant Customer,
                            in order to provide them with the Service, and for our own purposes. For instance, we use
                            information about how our Customers' users use and
                            access our Service to improve our Service.
2.4
This Privacy Policy sets out how we use your personal information through our Site, and how
                            we use it for our own purposes in
                            connection with the Service.
2.5
If you have been authorised to use our Service by a Customer your personal information will
                            also be used by the Customer in other ways. You should
                            therefore also ensure that you read the Customer's privacy notice or policy to understand
                            how your personal information may be used by the
                            relevant Customer when they use or give you access to the Service.
2.6
If you have any general questions about this Privacy Policy or how we use your personal
                            information, please contact us at
privacy@aarki.com
.
2.7
This Privacy Policy was last modified on
April 10, 2022
.
3. END USERS
If you are an end user of a mobile app that receives Customers' targeted advertising through
                            our
                            Service and would like to learn more about how we use your personal information, including
                            how to
                            opt-out of advertising from us, please see our
Advertising Privacy Policy
4. REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
4.1
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating
                            to the processing of
                            personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states.
4.2
If you are resident in the State of California in the United States, please refer to [
Annex 1
]
                            for additional California-specific privacy disclosures.
4.3
If you are resident in the State of Nevada in the United States, Chapter 603A of the Nevada
                            Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to
                            opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected
                            or will collect about the resident.
                            To submit such a request, please contact us at
privacy@aarki.com
.
4.4
If you are resident in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, please refer to [
Annex 2
]
                            for additional EEA and UK specific privacy disclosures.
5. INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SITE
Personal information you provide directly to us
5.1
When you use our Site, we will collect the following information that you provide to us
                            through our contact form:
(a)
Contact information
, such as your name, email address and
                                    organization name.
(b)
Any comments or queries
that you submit through the contact form.
5.2
We use the information you provide to us to communicate with you and respond to any queries
                            that
                            you submit to us through our Site.
Personal information we collect automatically when you visit our Site
5.3
We will also collect the following information about how you access and use the Site and
                            information about
                            the device you use to access the Site:
(a)
Information about how you access and use the Site
, such as the
                                    website you came from and the website you go to when
                                    you leave the Site, the time you access the Site, how frequently you access the
                                    Site, how long you use the Site for,
                                    the approximate location that you access the Site from and other actions you take on
                                    the Site.
(b)
Information about your device that you use to access the Site
, such
                                    as the type of device, operating system, browser, your Internet service
                                    provider or mobile network and your IP address.
(a)
We use the information we collect about your device and your use of our Site to present the
                            Site
                            to you on your device in accordance with your screen and window size and your browser
                            settings.
                            We will also use this information to monitor the performance of, and improve the Site and to
                            help us develop new features of the Site.
6. INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICE
Personal information you provide directly to us
6.1
We collect the following personal information about you if you access and use our Service on
                            behalf of a Customer:
(a)
Contact information
, such as your name and email address.
(b)
The name of the Customer
giving you access to the Service.
(c)
Login information
, such as your email and password that you use to
                                    access the Service.
6.2
We use the information you provide to us when you access our Service to authenticate you and
                            give you access
                            to the Service, for billing and audit purposes as well as to communicate with you and send
                            you Service-related communications.
Personal information we collect automatically when you use the Service
6.3
We will also collect the following information about how you access and use the Service and
                            information about the device you use to access the Service:
(a)
Information about how you access and use the Service
, such as the
                                    time you access the Service, how
                                    frequently you access the Service, how long you use the Service for, the approximate
                                    location that
                                    you access the Service from and other actions you take on the Service.
(b)
Information about your device that you use to access the Service
,
                                    such as the type of device,
                                    operating system, browser, your Internet service provider or mobile network and your
                                    IP address.
6.4
We use the information we collect about your device and your use of our Service to grant
                            you access to the Service, and to present the Service to you on your device in accordance
                            with
                            your screen and window size and your browser settings. We will also use this information to
                            monitor the performance of, and improve the Service and to help us develop new features of
                            the Service.
7. RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
7.1
We may share the personal information we collect and use for our own purposes with the
                            following:
(a)
Companies owned by or under common ownership with Aarki
, including
                                    our subsidiaries
                                    (i.e.,any organisation we own or control) and our ultimate holding company (i.e.,
                                    any organisation that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These
                                    companies may use your personal information in the same way as described under this
                                    Privacy Policy.
(b)
Service providers and advisors.
We may share your personal
                                    information with third
                                    party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our
                                    behalf, which may include providing mailing, email or chat services, fraud
                                    prevention, web hosting, or providing analytic services.
(c)
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business
                                        transaction.
Your
                                    personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a
                                    transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing,
                                    change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
(d)
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons.
We
                                    may share your
                                    personal information with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably
                                    believe that such action is necessary to: (i) comply with the law and the reasonable
                                    requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and
                                    breaches of agreements; and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or
                                    personal safety of Aarki, its users or others.
7.2
We may also share your personal information with other recipients on the instructions of our
                            Customers. Please refer to the relevant Customer's privacy notice for further information
                            about how the Customer may share (or may instruct us to share) your personal information.
8. MARKETING
8.1
From time to time, we may contact you with relevant information about our and our
                            affiliates' Services. Most messages we send will be by email. For some messages, we may use
                            personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant information
                            to share with you.
8.2
You can change your marketing preferences by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom
                            of our emails.
9. SECURITY
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal
                            information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal
                            information we collect will be stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately, however, no
                            security measures will always be completely effective. We will notify you in accordance with
                            applicable laws if we become aware that your personal information has been compromised.
10. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
10.1
Our Site and Service use cookies and similar technologies, such as local storage objects,
                            JavaScript tags and pixels (collectively,
"cookies"
) to distinguish you
                            from other users of our Site or Service. This helps us to improve our Site and Service,
                            provide you with certain
                            functionalities of our Site and Service.
10.2
Cookies are pieces of code that we transfer to your device's hard disk which save and store
                            certain information about your use of the Site and Service. We use them as follows:
(a)
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for
                                    the operation of
                                    our Site and Service. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into
                                    secure areas of our Service and navigate between pages without having to re-enter
                                    information.
(b)
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognise and
                                    count the number of
                                    visitors and to see how visitors move around our Site and Service when they are
                                    using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by
                                    ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
(c)
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you
                                    return to our Site
                                    or Service or provide certain functionalities of our Site and Service. This enables
                                    us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences (for example,
                                    your choice of language or region).
10.3
Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings, including blocking all cookies and
                            deleting existing cookies. Please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be
                            able to use the full functionality of our website. These settings will typically be found in
                            the "options" or "preferences" menu of your browser. Further information about how to manage
                            cookies in most popular browsers is available through the links below:
(a)
Cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
(b)
Cookie settings in Firefox
(c)
Cookie settings in Chrome
(d)
Cookie settings in Safari
and
iOS
10.4
Deleting or blocking cookies may not be effective for all types of tracking technologies,
                            such as Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like Flash objects or HTML5.
11. INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
11.1
Although Aarki does not currently allow third party advertising networks to collect your
                            data for their own purposes, this is common practice among companies that operate online,
                            and in the future, we may allow certain third-party advertising networks, social media
                            companies and other third-party businesses to collect and disclose your personal
                            information, including Internet/Network information, directly from your device when you use
                            our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties may use your personal information
                            for purposes of analysing and optimizing our Service and advertisements on other websites or
                            mobile apps, or on other devices you may use, or to personalize content and perform other
                            advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
                            These third-party businesses may also use such information for their own purposes in
                            accordance with their own privacy statements, and may sell the information to third parties,
                            including other advertising networks, for advertising and other purposes.
11.2
You can opt-out of receiving some interest-based advertisements on mobile apps by visiting
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
.
                            You may also be able to opt-out of some — but not all —
                            interest-based advertising served by mobile ad networks by visiting
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.
11.3
Please note that when you opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements, this does not
                            mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or through our Service. It means that the
                            online ads that you do see from DAA program participants should not be based on your
                            interests. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any
                            third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding
                            their programs. In addition, third parties may still use cookies to collect information
                            about your use of online services, including for analytics and fraud prevention as well as
                            any other purpose permitted under the DAA’s principles. To learn more about interest-based
                            advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you may wish to
                            visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s
                            (NAI) online resources, at
www.aboutads.info/choices
or
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
.
11.4
If you are resident in the State of California in the United States, please refer to
                            [
Annex 1
] for additional information about how you can
                            opt out of this kind of data collection.
11.5
Please note that in the event Aarki elects in the future to allow third parties to collect
                            your personal
                            information for the purpose of interest based advertising, we will not collect personal
                            information for
                            the purpose of interest-based advertising about you if you are resident in the European
                            Economic Area or the United Kingdom.
12. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and so you should review this page
                            periodically.
                            When we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will update the "last modified"
                            date in section
                            2 of this Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted
                            on this page.
ANNEX 1
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY DISCLOSURES
These additional California Privacy Disclosures (the
"CA Disclosures"
)
                            supplement the
                            information contained in our
Privacy Policy
and apply solely to individual
                            residents of the
                            State of California (
"consumers"
or
"you"
).
                            These CA Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and
                            otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California,
                            either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
                            (
"CCPA"
). Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these CA
                            Disclosures have the same
                            meaning as defined in our
Privacy Policy
or as otherwise defined in the
                            CCPA.
                            For purposes of these CA Disclosures,
"personal information"
has the
                            meaning provided by the
                            CCPA and does not include information that is publicly available, that is deidentified or
                            aggregated such that it is not capable of being associated with us, or that is excluded from
                            the CCPA’s scope. This section does not apply to information relating to our employees,
                            contractors, and other personnel.
1. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
1.1
We collect personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes, as described
                            in section 5 (
Information we collect when you use our Site
) and section 6 (
Information
                            we
                            collect when you use our Service
) of the
Privacy Policy
. In the last 12
                            months, we have
                            collected the following categories of personal information:
When You Use Our Site and Service:
Identifiers
, such as your name, phone number, email address,
                                    password, country, or other similar identifiers.
Internet/Network information
, such as device information, logs and
                                    analytics data.
Geolocation data
, such as approximate location data generated based
                                    on your IP address or other information.
Professional/Employment information
, such as the business or
                                    organization you represent, your title with that business or
                                    organization and information relating to your role with the business or
                                    organization.
Other personal information
, including communication preferences,
                                    customer service and communications history, and personal
                                    information you provide us in relation to a question, request or inquiry.
1.2
We collect this information directly from you, from our business partners and affiliates,
                            from your browser or device when you visit our websites,
                            or from third parties that you permit to share information with us.
2. SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As described in section 5 (
Information we collect when you use our Site
) and section
                            6
                            (
Information we collect when you use our Service
) of the
Privacy
                            Policy
, we collect personal
                            information directly from you when you provide it to us, automatically when you visit our
                            websites and other online services, and from service providers and other third parties.
3. PURPOSES FOR COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information about you for the purposes described in section 5
                            (
Information we collect when you use our Site
) and section 6 (
Information we
                            collect when you use our Service
)
                            of the
Privacy Policy
.
4. RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As described in section 7 (
Recipients of Personal Information
) of our
Privacy
                            Policy
, we
                            share personal information within the Aarki group of companies and with a variety of third
                            parties. For
                            representatives of our clients and other third parties, we also share your personal
                            information
                            with the entity you represent.
5. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
5.1
As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights (subject to
                            certain limitations at law):
(a)
The Right to Know
any or all of the following information relating
                                    to your personal information we
                                    have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your
                                    identity:
(i)
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected
                                            about you.
(ii)
The categories of personal information we have collected about
                                            you.
(iii)
The categories of sources of the personal information.
(iv)
The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third
                                            parties for a
                                            business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information
                                            was disclosed.
(v)
The categories of personal information we have sold and the categories of
                                            third parties to
                                            whom the information was sold.
(vi)
The business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling
                                            the personal information.
(b)
The Right to Request Deletion
of personal information we have
                                    collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
(c)
The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales
to third parties
                                    now or in the future.
5.2
You also have the right to be free of discrimination for exercising these rights. However,
                            please note that if the exercise
                            of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a
                            deletion request), we may
                            no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same
                            manner.
6. HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Right to Know and Right to Deletion
6.1
You may submit a request to exercise your California Consumer Rights by emailing us at
dsar@aarki.com
.
6.2
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a
                            resident
                            of the State of California. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either
                            require the successful
                            authentication of your membership, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us
                            to the information we
                            maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional
                            personal information from you,
                            including, but not limited to, your email, address, and phone number.
6.3
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above,
                            particularly
                            where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems.
                            If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the
                            reasons
                            for declining to comply with the request.
Right to Opt Out of Sales of Personal Information
6.4
To opt out of data sales, please click on the link below:
Enter your device ID:
Opt-out
7. AUTHORIZED AGENTS
7.1
In certain circumstances, California residents are permitted to use an authorized agent to
                            submit requests to
                            know or delete personal information on their behalf through the designated methods set forth
                            in these CA Disclosures,
                            where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on their behalf by:
(a)
receiving a power of attorney valid under the laws of California from the consumer
                                    or their authorized agent.
(b)
receiving sufficient evidence to show that the consumer has:
(i)
provided the authorized agent signed permission to act on their behalf.
(ii)
verified the consumer’s own identity directly with us pursuant to the
                                            procedures set forth in these CA Disclosures.
(iii)
directly confirmed with us that the consumer provided the authorized agent
                                            permission to submit the request on their behalf.
(c)
for requests to opt-out of personal information “sales”: receiving a signed
                                    permission demonstrating your authorized
                                    agent has been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
ANNEX 2
EUROPEAN AND UK PRIVACY DISCLOSURES
These European and UK Privacy Disclosures supplement the information contained in our
                                Privacy Policy and apply to our processing of your personal information if you are based
                                in
                                the European Economic Area (
"EEA"
) or the United Kingdom
                                (
"UK"
).
If you are in the EEA or the UK, you should ensure that you read both the Privacy Policy and
                            these additional European and UK Privacy Disclosures to understand how we use your personal
                            information and your rights in respect of that personal information.
1. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
1.1
Aarki determines and is responsible for the uses of your personal information described in
                            the Privacy Policy and
                            these European and UK Privacy Disclosures, meaning that we will be the controller of your
                            personal information
                            when we use it in these instances.
1.2
The Customer who grants you access to the Service will also determine and is responsible for
                            how we use your personal
                            information when we do so on their instructions when providing them with the Service,
                            meaning that
                            they will be the controller of your personal information in those instances.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SITE
2.1
The following table sets out the personal information we collect when you use our Site, how
                            we use it, the lawful basis we
                            rely on for processing that personal information and how long we keep it:
Category of personal information
How we use that personal information
Lawful basis for processing
Retention period
Contact information
, such as your name, email address and organisation
                                name.
We use this information to respond to any queries that you submit to us through our
                                    Site.
We use this information to send you unsolicited marketing communications in
                                accordance with your preferences.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely responding to
                                    enquiries we
                                    receive about our products and services.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given
                                us your consent to do so.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years after you last
                                contact us or, if you have
                                agreed to receive marketing communications from us, two (2) years after you opt out
                                of receiving such communications from us.
Comments and queries
that you submit to us through the contact form on
                                our Site.
We use this information to respond to the queries that you submit to us through our
                                Site.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely responding to
                                enquiries we receive about our products and services.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years after you last
                                contact us.
Marketing and Communications Preferences
, such as your preferences in
                                receiving
                                marketing from us.
We use this information to provide notifications, send news, alerts and marketing
                                    communications and we do this in accordance with your choices.
We use this information to ensure that we comply with our legal obligation to send
                                only those marketing
                                communications to which you have consented.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely ensuring the user
                                    receives the correct marketing
                                    and other communications in accordance with the user's preferences.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are
                                subject.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years from when you opt
                                out of receiving communications from us.
Information about how you access and use the Site
, such as the website
                                you came from
                                and the website you go to when you leave the Site, the time you access the Site, how
                                frequently you access the Site, how long you use the Site for, the approximate
                                location that you access the Site from and other actions you take on the Site.
We use this information to present the Site to you on your device in accordance with
                                    your
                                    screen and window size and your browser settings.
We use this information to monitor the performance of, and improve our Site and to
                                develop new features of the Site.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our
                                    website terms and conditions.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given
                                us your consent to do so.
This information will remain identifiable while the cookies used to receive it
                                remain on your device, namely for a period of 13
                                months from when they are installed in accordance you’re your preferences.
Information about your device that you use to access the Site
, such as
                                the type of
                                device, operating system, browser,
                                your Internet service provider or mobile network and your IP address.
We use this information to present the Site to you on your device in accordance with
                                    your screen and window size and your browser settings.
We use this information to monitor the performance of, and improve our Site and to
                                develop new features of the Site.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our
                                    website terms and conditions.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given
                                us your consent to do so.
This information will remain identifiable while the cookies used to receive it
                                remain on your device, namely for a period of 13 months from when they are installed
                                in accordance you’re your preferences.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICE
3.1
The following table sets out the personal information we collect when you access and use our Service on behalf of a Customer,
                            how we use it, the lawful basis we rely on for processing that personal information and how long we keep it:
Category of personal information
How we use that personal information
Lawful basis for processing
Retention period
Contact information
, such as your name and email address and the name
                                of the Customer
                                granting you access to the Service.
We use this information to authenticate you and grant you access to the Service.
We use this information to send you Service-related communications.
We use this information to send you unsolicited marketing communications in accordance
                                with your preferences.
The processing is necessary for the Customer's legitimate interests, namely
                                    providing you with access to the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely providing technical
                                    updates about our Service.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us
                                your consent to do so.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years after you last contact
                                us or, if you have agreed to receive marketing
                                communications from us, two (2) years after you opt out of receiving such communications
                                from us.
Comments and queries
that you submit to us in connection with your use
                                of the Service.
We use this information to respond to the queries that you submit to us and provide
                                product support.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely providing customer
                                service and support.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years after you last contact
                                us.
Marketing and Communications Preferences
, such as your preferences in
                                receiving marketing from us.
We use this information to provide notifications, send news, alerts and marketing
                                    communications and
                                    we do this in accordance with your choices.
We use this information to ensure that we comply with our legal obligation to send only
                                those marketing
                                communications to which you have consented.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely ensuring the user
                                    receives the correct marketing and other
                                    communications in accordance with the user's preferences.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are
                                subject.
We will store this information for no longer than two (2) years from when you opt out of
                                receiving communications from us.
Information about how you access and use the Service
, such as the time
                                you access the Service,
                                how frequently you access the Service, how long you use the Service for,
                                the approximate location that you access the Service from and other actions you take on
                                the Service.
We use this information to present the Service to you on your device in accordance
                                    with your
                                    screen and window size and your browser settings.
We use this information to monitor the performance of, and improve our Service and to
                                develop new features of the Service.
The processing is necessary for the Customer's legitimate interests, namely
                                    providing you with access to the Service.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us
                                your consent to do so.
This information will remain identifiable while the cookies used to receive it remain on
                                your device. The cookies we use to
                                obtain this information include session cookies (which are deleted after you leave the
                                Service) and persistent cookies
                                that stay on your device for 1 year.
Information about your device that you use to access the Service
, such
                                as the type of device, operating system,
                                browser, your Internet service provider or mobile network and your IP address.
We use this information to present the Service to you on your device in accordance
                                    with your screen
                                    and window size and your browser settings.
We use this information to monitor the performance of, and improve our Service and to
                                develop new features of the Service.
The processing is necessary for the Customer's legitimate interests, namely
                                    providing you with access to the Service.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us
                                your consent to do so.
This information will remain identifiable while the cookies used to receive it remain on
                                your device. The cookies we use to obtain
                                this information include session cookies (which are deleted after you leave the Service)
                                and persistent cookies
                                that stay on your device for 1 year.
4. Mandatory and optional Personal Information
4.1
We will notify you if the provision of certain personal information is mandatory or optional.
4.2
Where we need to collect personal information by law, to provide you with access to the Service or respond to
                            your query, and you fail to provide that personal information when requested, we may not be able to provide
                            you with access to the Service or respond to requests.
5. Cookies and similar technologies
Other than strictly necessary cookies, we will only place cookies on your device with your consent. You can let
                            us know which cookies you agree to receive, and view further information about the cookies we use, through the popup
                            displayed to you when you access the Site.
6. International Transfers of Personal Information
6.1
We may transfer personal information to our service providers and partners as described in section 7
                            (
Recipients of Personal Information
) of the Privacy Policy. This may mean that your personal information may be
                            transferred to and stored in countries outside the UK or EEA where we and our third-party service providers have operations,
                            including the United States.
6.2
These international transfers of your personal information will be made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, including:
(a)
ensuring that recipients or the country in which they are located are deemed by the European Commission or under law applicable in
                                    the UK to provide adequate protection for personal information.
(b)
ensuring that transfers are subject to standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or the UK Information Commissioner
                                    for the transfer of personal information.
6.3
We will take appropriate steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable
                            law and this Privacy Policy regardless of where it is processed.
6.4
If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards we use, please contact us using the details
                            set out at the top of the Privacy Policy.
7. your rights in respect of your personal information
7.1
In accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following
                            rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
(a)
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain:
(i)
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information.
(ii)
information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process
                                            your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods.
(iii)
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information.
(iv)
a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
(b)
Right of portability.
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided
                                    to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer
                                    of your personal data to another person.
(c)
Right to rectification.
You have the right to obtain rectification of any
                                    inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
(d)
Right to erasure.
You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay
                                    if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
(e)
Right to restriction.
You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes
                                    for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way
                                    is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
7.2
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate
                                interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for
                                continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
7.3
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the top of the Privacy Policy.
7.4
Please note that, in order to exercise your rights with respect to any personal information that we hold about you on behalf
                            of a Customer, we will need to ask for instructions from the relevant Customer before we take any action. We therefore
                            recommend that you contact that Customer directly if you would like to exercise your rights in respect of this personal information.
7.5
If you reside in the UK, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's
                            Office ("ICO"), the UK regulator for data protection issues. You can make a complaint via the ICO's website
                            (
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
).
                            This website also provides additional contact details for the ICO.
7.6
If you are resident in the EEA, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the regulator in your jurisdiction.
                            To find out how to contact your local regulator, please visit
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
.
Sub-policy 28
https://www.amobee.com/trust/privacy-guidelines/:
Renew or change your cookie consent
X
Trust
GO TO:
Privacy Guidelines
Consumer Opt Out of Targeted Advertising
Infringement Policy
Advertiser Guidelines
Data Guidelines
Inventory Guidelines
General Data Protection Regulation Policy
California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures
UK Tax Strategy Statement
UK Modern Slavery Act Statement
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 6, 2022
Click Here to Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising
We, at the Nexxen Group (Tremor International Ltd (a Nexxen Brand), Nexxen Inc. (f/k/a Amobee Inc.), Nexxen Group LLC (f/k/a Unruly LLC and RhythmOne, LLC), Unruly Group Ltd (d/b/a Nexxen Group Ltd.), Tremor Video, Inc. and affiliates (including our Affiliates (as defined below)), collectively the “
Nexxen Group
”, “
Company
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”),
understand that your privacy is important to you.  We use advertising cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as SDKs or pixel tags) to automatically collect information about your device (such as your computer, mobile device or Smart-TV) and related activities on certain websites or platforms to send you targeted ads. You may always opt out of our targeted advertisements by clicking on the opt-out button on the relevant device.
Such opt-out will affect only the device where you have made that selection. After you opt out, the Company will no longer collect this information to deliver targeted ads on such device. Ads may continue to be served based on information available in the Internet environment, such as the content of a web page, browser type, time of day and operating system. If you have opted out of our advertising cookies and other similar tracking technologies on a device and subsequently delete the “opt out” cookie from your browser on such device, change your browser, or buy a new computer/device, you will need to repeat this process and opt out again.
We are a member of, and adhere to, the self-regulatory principles of the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA).
Contact Us:
privacy@nexxen.com
Last Updated July 10, 2023
We understand that your privacy is important to you. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and disclose information collected through our web-based, connected-TV and mobile-based advertising services, as well as the Sites listed below. This policy does not apply to any entities that the Company does not own or control. For information about how we collect and use information through our corporate websites, including
www.nexxen.com
,
www.amobee.com
,
www.tremorinternational.com
,
www.tremorvideo.com
,
www.unruly.co
, and
www.rhythmone.com
(collectively, the “
Sites
“), please scroll down to
Section 9
titled “PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR THE COMPANY’S CORPORATE WEBSITES.” If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you by Company (whether through web or mobile delivery mechanisms), please follow the instructions in Section 6 (“
Your Choices
”) below.
1. The Company Platform
The Company operates several platforms and services that comprise our “Services.”  These include the Unruly Platform (formally known as RhythmOne Platform), Tremor Video DSP, and Unruly DMP.
As further described below, through our Services, we work with websites, web services, content publishers, mobile applications, and various platforms (like connected TVs, aka “CTV” platforms) that provide services for those types of organizations, in particular to help them display personalized and more engaging ads on their properties. In many cases, providing personalized ads help businesses of all sizes (including small and mid-sized businesses) to get their name out, and help website operators, content publishers, app developers and platform owners to subsidize the cost of their content – often, allowing them to provide consumers with some or all of their content for free.  We also work with advertisers (and their service providers) – brands, retailers, entertainment companies, non-profits and others – to help them advertise in a way that is efficient and relevant to both them and the consumer.   We use data in a variety of ways to help support these businesses, and likewise provide a variety of ways for consumers to control how data is used to market to them.  The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain what that data is, how it is used, and what those choices are.
2. The Information We Collect and Use In Providing Our Services
We are able to help advertisers as well as publishers provide more relevant content and targeted advertising by collecting certain information about you, including when you interact with our Services.  This may include your interactions with our customers, which include:
(a) advertisers and other ad partners (collectively, “
Advertisers
”) to show you ads that we think may interest you, on our Services and on other companies’ websites, apps, and devices; and
(b) publishers, app developers and other customers who CTVs, web and mobile apps or other online services (collectively, “
Publishers
”).
In this Privacy Policy, when we use the term “
Customers
”, we are referring to both Advertisers and Publishers, as described above.
Sometimes we work with other marketing or advertising services, demand partners, service providers or data platforms who provide certain services (such as measurement and analytics solutions) to us as well as Customers; we refer to these companies as “
Partners
.”
We (or our Customers or Partners) may provide relevant content and targeted advertising to consumers by using automated technologies such as cookies, including non-HTTP cookies, pixel tags, mobile identifiers and SDKs, each of which we describe below, and in
Section 3
below titled, “Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies”.   These technologies often generate or collect unique identifiers, such as cookie IDs or mobile advertising IDs.
We describe below these and other categories of information that we receive from consumers’ operating systems, browsers and devices, as well as from Customers, Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers.  (Some companies may fit into more than one such category.)  We have tried to describe the information that we collect or receive in a way that is easy to understand:
a.    Information that you provide to us directly
We collect certain information that you provide to us, including your contact and other information – for example, when you visit our Sites or when you contact us.
You may also interact with and provide information to us in other ways, including but not limited to when you complete a survey, enter a contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes, choose to hear from us or participate in our marketing or promotion campaigns. When you do so, we collect the information you provide to us, for example, your contact information.
If you submit to us a request to access or delete your information, we will collect your contact information and other information, as needed, to respond to your request.
b. Identifiers automatically collected from website and app sources,
whether directly or through other content and information platforms, including:
Online cookie IDs;
Mobile advertising identifiers (e.g., IDFAs, Ad IDs) and other mobile device or browser identifiers;
IP addresses;
Wi-Fi access points;
Product model numbers;
Chipset IDs; and
Identifiers related to the device used, such as CTVs (e.g. name of device and any “friendly name” assigned by you to the device)
We refer to all of the above as “IDs“
c.    Online usage information or “log” information
We collect data about your interactions with our Sites and the Services. Such data is generally related to the above IDs and include:
Language and region settings;
Data related to or describing a web browser, operating system, and device, such as the name and version of your browser, as well as hardware and software version of the app;
Connection data, including (as described above) current IP address, from which location may be inferred;
Online usage data including websites visited, websites visited prior to a web visit, date/time stamp;
Information related to interactions with ads and marketing, such as consumer engagement with an ad (i.e. ads that you view and click on);
Information related to interactions with websites, such as whether a consumer was “referred” through another website or a shared link;
TV viewership data (including information about the content and programs viewed, and amount of time spent viewing Smart TV content, as further described in this Section 2 on “Viewing Data” below); and
We may link any of the above to our own or our Partners’ and Customers’ IDs.
We receive the above information from Customers and Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers.  (Some companies may fit into more than one of those categories.)
d.    Demographic and Interest-Based Information
We may collect, use, or create “audience segments” (also referred to as “data segments), which are generally used to tailor advertising and marketing to consumers and to analyze consumer interaction with such ads.  Audience segments are interest-based or demographic-based groupings of large numbers of users, generally in aggregated form, tied to the above IDs.  For instance, an inference that Ad ID X35%979J is interested is “Sports” might be drawn from the fact that the browser often views sports-related content.  Or, an inference that Cookie ID 4Qj7e9!x may be interested in a new car may be drawn from the corresponding browsers frequent search of new automobile reviews.   (Actual IDs are generally much longer strings of code; the above are simply used for illustration.)
Sometimes these inferences are made from “offline data” that is coded and linked to cookies and IDs (and further linked to our own cookies and IDs) by Partners that create “hashed” (coded) values to replace “real-world” identifiers such as email addresses.
Sometimes these inferences are made from demographic information (“protected classifications” for purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act).
Sometimes, these audience segments are associated with the likelihood to have a particular health condition.   A list of our standard health segments is
here
. (We endeavor to update the list frequently, but the list may not be current to the precise date.)   In addition, we may sometimes create “custom” health-related segments, or work with Customers or Partners who use such segments.  Those “custom” segments change over time, but a representative sample is included. Note that such information is only collected/processed at an aggregate level and solely in the U.S. and Canada.
e.    Transactional information from our Customers
Our Customers may provide us with their own proprietary or licensed information, including “audience segments” described above, to help us better perform or deliver our Services.
f.    Geolocation Information
The mobile information we collect or receive from our Partners and Customers also may include geolocation information, which may be precise, that may help us or our Customers to target ads or tailor content to your precise location. For instance, if we believe that you are often near a particular store in Northern New Jersey, we might send you an ad targeted to that store, rather than another store in the general area.
g.    Viewing Data
We provide advertising services to certain Smart TV and connected devices (like Hisense and VIDAA Smart TVs), which
,
like many CTVs, are equipped with Automatic Content Recognition (“ACR”) functionality that (when enabled) enable us to collect certain information from the device in order to provide personalized advertising and measurement based on the programming  or ads watched on those devices and other devices connected to the same  IP address.
What is Viewing Data?
When enabled on the Smart TV device, the Company will use audio-based ACR technology to collect information about the programming content (e.g. TV channels and shows, movies, and advertisements watched) playing on the device, including content from any media players, gaming consoles, over-the-air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through the Smart TV. We call this information the “
Viewing Data
” and this also includes information such as timestamp, IP address, and Smart TV device identifier.
The ACR technology captures a “fingerprint” from the Smart TV, and the fingerprint is mapped against a content repository and ad catalog to identify what was played through the TV. Content or ad ID, IP address, device ID, and other metadata are appended to the audio fingerprint. These identifiers are ingested into the Company’s platform and mapped to a Household ID, and then aggregated with other data sources.  The ACR process will associate the data collected with the device’s IP address, but otherwise does not utilize directly identifiable personal information for the purposes of personalized advertising or measurement.
For example, we may collect TV viewing information such as the programs, commercials, and channels you view, the date, time and duration of the viewing. It may also include information about the TV or display, including IP address and SmartTV device ID.
How is Viewing Data used and shared?
To create audience segments:
We use Viewing Data, such as the content, programs or ads watched on your Smart TV, to include you and your household in relevant audience segments for interest-based advertising, as described below. A segment is a grouping of consumer profiles by one or more attributes (e.g. food fans, sports enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.). Individuals are identified by a digital identifier (like an IP address) in these segments but are not identifiable by name or other personal information that directly reveals their identity. We also share these audience segments with our Partners for their own purposes, including to enable their interest-based advertising activities.
Targeting Personalized Ads:
We use Viewing Data to help us, and our Partners, target and show you personalized ads that we think may interest you or other members of your household (a practice known as “interest-based advertising
“
) across your devices, based on the audience segments created from your Viewing Data (as described above). These ads may be shown to you on your Smart TV or other linked devices sharing the same IP address.
Audience Measurement:
We use Viewing Data to generate measurement reports to help us and our Partners understand the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads and how they responded.  We collect information such as the creative and placement ID, IP address, and whether you viewed or interacted with an ad.
Linking devices for household targeting: With the assistance of our third-party service providers, we use the IP address collected from your Smart TV to identify “households” (a group of linked devices sharing the same IP address broadcast by a modem). This allows us and our Partners to deliver personalized advertising to you and other members of your household across various devices (such as mobile phones and tablets) and browsers based on audience segments associated with your household. If you do not enable
,
or if you otherwise opt-out of personalized advertising on your Smart TV, we will no longer collect and use your Smart TV IP address to identify your household for personalized advertising purposes. However, once you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see personalized advertising on devices that were previously targeted based on Viewing Data that was shared when personalized advertising was still enabled on your Smart TV, prior to the opt-out.
Our Partners:
More information about each of our Partners and how they may use data about you and your household is available at:
https://tremorinternational.com/partners/
How can I turn OFF or ON the Viewing Data (ACR) feature?
The option to enable ACR (and related functionality) is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR (and related functionality) at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Turning the Viewing Data feature off or on will affect only the Smart TV where you have made that selection. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information on Viewing Data and your choices.
h.    Further Description of Technologies
For additional explanation of the technologies through which IDs and other data are collected, please see
Section 3
further below regarding cookies, pixel tags and SDKs.  We may use cookies, pixel tags, SDKs and similar technologies to collect the above information, or to associate certain types of information with each other.
i. Information collected from other sources
We also may obtain other behavioral and demographic data from trusted third-party data sources. We may use this data to draw inferences about your preferences, choices, and interests to provide you with customized ads about products and services tailored to your individual interests. We may collect and combine information about your online activities over time and across devices, apps, websites and online services to provide you with customized ads.
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies
The Company (along with our Partners and Customers) uses a variety of technology to collect information.  These are listed and described below.
a.    Pixels
A tracking “pixel” is a transparent graphic image (usually a 1 x 1 pixel) that is placed on a web page and allows for the collection of information regarding the use of the web page that contains the tracking pixel. The Company collects technical and usage
information
through the use of tracking pixels.
b.    Cookies
A “cookie” is a string of stored code used by a website to send some data to a user’s device.  Depending on the settings of the device or web browser this data may be stored on the user’s device so that the device can later return that data to the same website.  Cookies can be used with online services, such as websites, email deliveries or advertising technologies, to recognize an Internet or mobile-connected device that they have encountered before.  We use cookies to, among other things, “remember” you, track user trends, and collect information about how you use our Customer’s sites or interact with the advertising we (or others) deliver on their behalf.   We likewise use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests.   We also use cookies when you visit our corporate Sites.
c.      Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We also sometimes use, or partner with, Publishers or Publisher-facing and app developer platforms that use mobile SDKs to collect information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and information connected to how mobile devices interact with our Services and those using our Services.  A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon (see “Pixels,” above).  The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented.  We may use this technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 6 (“
Your Choices
”) below.
d.      Third Party Suppliers and Vendors
The Company works with third party technology or service providers that provide us with hosting, serving, general campaign or site analytics, ad serving data, or demographic and other audience data about the use and viewership of our Customers’ advertising, or websites that display such advertising. Such third-party providers may utilize pixels, cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies that may be activated when our advertising Customers’ advertisement is encountered on a Publisher. In all instances where the use, collection and disclosure of information is by one of these third-party providers, their privacy policies shall govern and this Privacy Policy does not apply.
e.      Disabling Cookies
Most Web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of our Services may be difficult to use or inoperable.  In addition, we may use (or work with certain third-party companies that use) techniques other than or in addition to HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with our Services.  These technologies may rely on the collection and analysis of “non-cookie” information from your browser or device, such as your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, resolution and other data, for purposes of creating a unique profile or “fingerprint” of your browser or device.    We (or other third parties) may use this profile to understand and analyze how you interact with the Services, to customize content or advertising to you through the Services, to monitor against fraud or misuse of the Services, or in other ways consistent with this Privacy Policy.  Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques.
4. The Business Purposes For Which We Use and Share the Information We Collect
a.    Our Purposes Generally
Principally, we use the information described in
Section 2
to operate, provide, develop and improve our Services.   This involves facilitating various types of advertising and marketing to make them more effective, more relevant, and (we believe) more likely to engage and interest (and less likely to annoy) consumers.
b.    Personalized Advertising
This includes facilitating and providing behavioral advertising, i.e., tailoring advertising and content using the types of “audience segments” or “data segments” (and other, related types of information) we describe in
Section 2
above.   As we also describe in
Section 2
, these audience segments may be based on your activity across multiple websites or mobile apps over time, on your transactions, on your location, or on coded or “hashed” data derived from offline demographic and interest data.  Generally, the tailoring of ads to devices and browsers (and sometimes through other channels) based on this type of data is called “interest-based” or “personalized” advertising.  (Please go to
Section 6
to learn about what choices you have to control how you are marketed to in this way.)
c.    Other Advertising and Analytics Purposes
We also use the information to analyze, measure the effectiveness of, frequency-cap or sequence advertising.   For instance, we may use the information we collect to compare how many “clicks” the recipients of one ad campaign receive vs. a different ad campaign.  Or, we may track which users have seen which ads, to avoid a user being shown the same ad repeatedly.
d.    Syncing Identifiers
We sometimes integrate our information with Partners, to allow Advertisers to access our information across other platforms (and their information across our platform), in order to allow Advertisers to reach more consumers across various channels.  This may include online, offline, social media or television advertising.
e.    Identity Graphing
We may also create or help our Customers or Partners to create “identity” graphs, to help locate users across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (
e.g.,
IP address, email address).
f.    Statistical information
We may use statistical information about you or your devices such as generalized location and estimated age group. We obtain this statistical information from commercially available sources (as permitted by law) such as our third-party service providers. We only work with third-party service providers who ensure that this information has been obtained in accordance with applicable law and can be provided to us for use and disclosure.
g. Other Business Purposes We also may also use the information we collect for internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting and preventing security incidents, anti-fraud purposes, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.
5. Why And With Whom We Share the Information We Collect
a.    To Provide our Services
Generally, we share the information that we collect in order to perform our Services, including for purposes of targeting advertising, performing analytics on ads, and measuring ad performance.
We share the information we collect with our Customers, who are a wide range of businesses, retailers, content publishers, non-profit entities, business-to-business service companies and other consumer brands, as well as their ad agencies and service providers.
We also share information with our Partners and other companies that provide services to us. For example, we use email or other contact information to resolve Customer support inquiries, and IP address and advertising identifiers with service providers.
b.    For Legal Purposes
We may share any information we have with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts, or to investigate potential violations thereof; (c) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our Customers, our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public.  We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
c.    In the Event of a Corporate Transaction
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate transaction, including, for example, a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
d.    With Corporate Affiliates
We share information within the Nexxen Group in order to operate the Site and Services, perform data analytics, design and execute advertising and marketing campaigns, conduct product management, and/or engineer or improve and develop new products or services.
d.    With Partners
We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners to assist in our advertising and marketing efforts and show ads that may interest you. The Advertisers we use (including their service providers) may rely on pixel tags and similar technologies to collect information from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. We may also compile and provide reports, including in aggregated or de-identified forms, to Advertisers about the reach, viewership and effectiveness of their campaigns. We use information to help our Customers to reach the desired audience and improve their ad campaigns.
Summary Analytics and Reports. We may, with our Customers and Partners, analyze Viewing Data to create summary reports to help deliver relevant information and advertising to interested groups of consumers.  These summary reports are built from automated analysis of data elements, without connecting the information to any known natural person.  For example, a Customer who is an Advertiser may want to measure the effectiveness of their promotions in the aggregate.  Thus, a  Partner may identify another device that shares an IP address or display and analyze: (a) whether a particular website was viewed or commercial location was visited by a device with location tracking enabled (e.g., a smartphone) after a related promotion was viewed, and (b) whether a particular program was viewed following exposure to a promotion for that program.  In addition, some Partners may use a third-party data aggregator to identify demographic or other attributes or traits (such as gender or age range or income range or behavioral data) associated with the IP addresses collected, and then send to Customers the demographic information associated with those addresses.
Personalized Advertisements. As further described in Section 2 above, audience segments may be shared with Customers and Partners for the purpose of targeting and tailoring the advertising you see on certain Smart TV and connected devices, including other devices associated with your IP address or device ID on the basis of Viewing Data. Viewing Data may also be enhanced with household demographic data and data about digital actions (e.g., digital purchases, location, and other consumer behavior taken by devices associated with the IP address collected) for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising that are likely to be useful or timely.
e. With advertising measurement providers and services
We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners  and their service providers in order to help us and our Advertisers understand information about the content and ads viewed, and the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads, how they engaged or responded, determine which programs are most popular, how many people watch a program to its conclusion, and whether and how often people watch commercials.
The measurement providers we use collect or receive information about your viewing of or interaction with content and ads, including ads that you view on your Smart TV and ads you view on other websites, mobile apps, and connected devices (including Smart TVs) to which we provide advertising services. We also share demographics data and audience segments (e.g., food fans, sport enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.) with advertising measurement providers and their service providers. Viewing Data may also be combined with other demographic and similar information, including by working with data aggregators.
Measurement providers use such information to create statistics about what content and ads are being watched – for example, to help them and their clients understand the audience viewing the content or ads, and to measure the effectiveness of the ads.
Through our advertising services, we provide measurement and analytics solutions to other companies. In providing these services, we analyze and reorganize ad campaign data from these companies and provide analytics reports to help them better understand the audience that viewed the company’s ads and whether those viewers belong to the same household.
6. Your Choices:  How To Opt-Out of Tracking (Interest-Based Advertising) on Web Browsers and Mobile Devices
a.    Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising
The Company adheres to the DAA principles and Tremor Video, Inc. adheres to the DAAC principles.  To learn more about interest-based advertising or to opt-out of this type of interest-based advertising by those third parties that are members of DAA’s opt-out program, please go to
https://www.aboutads.info/.
Unruly, LLC formally known as RhythmOne, LLC, is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising.  To learn more about the NAI and its members, or to opt out of interest-based advertising facilitated by NAI members, please go to
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
You may also opt out of our own interest-based advertising on those same web pages, or you can simply visit our
Opt-Out Page.
(We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.)
You can also opt-out of targeted advertising based on data collected via your browser by using  (i) the DAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
; (ii) the DAAC’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
; or (iii) the EDAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
.
When you opt out, we will stop (a) collecting information about your interests via your browser and (b) serving you targeted advertising based on the data collected via your browser. We will subsequently place a piece of data in your browser’s cookie that tells us that you have opted out – it does not contain any data about you except for the fact that you have opted out. We need this cookie in place so that we know not to collect information about your interests and serve you targeted advertising based on your interests in the future.  Our “opt-out” cookie has a 13-month expiration date.
b.    In-App Data Opt-Out
You may opt out of the continued collection of mobile app interest-based advertising through your mobile device settings, as applicable to most (but not necessarily all) mobile devices.   Please go to the
NAI “Mobile Choices” web page
for further information about how to do this.  When you do this, we will no longer use information collected through your mobile apps to deliver behaviorally targeted advertising to your device. Please note that you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests.
c.    Viewed Content Advertising and Smart TVs
If you choose to activate this functionality, we may collect certain information on certain Smart TV and connected devices equipped with automatic content recognition (ACR) functionality in order to provide personalized advertising based on the programs or ads being watched on those devices, other devices with the same IP address, or browsers. We refer to the information collected as “Viewing Data” in this Policy. If you have opted-in to activating ACR on such device, the ACR functionality will continuously analyze audio from any onscreen content accessed or displayed on your Smart TV at that moment, including content from any set-top-boxes, media players, gaming consoles, over the air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through your Smart TV.  For more information, see Section 2 above on “Viewing Data”.
The option to enable ACR is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information.
7. Do Not Track
Although certain of our technology honors “do not track” (DNT) signals and similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers or mobile device operating systems, we are not responsible, and shall not be liable, for the acts of third parties, such as ad networks, with respect to such third parties’ tracking policies.   We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers’ opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.
8. Children
Our Sites and Services are neither developed for, nor directed at, children under the age of 16.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from nor employ or offer targeting towards children under the age of 16.  If you believe your child, who is under the age of 16, has provided us with personal information or registered at one of our Sites, please contact us at
privacy@nexxen.com
and we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
9.  Privacy Information for the Company’s Corporate Websites
The below provides information about how information is collected and used on our Sites, including
www.nexxen.com
,
www.amobee.com
,
www.tremorinternational.com
,
www.tremorvideo.com
,
www.unruly.co
,
www.rhythmone.com
and any website on which this Privacy Policy is posted.
a.    Collection of Personal Information
The Company’s customers are businesses and other organizations, groups and institutions, not individuals, and our corporate website collects contact information from our customers and prospective customers who request information from us.  We may also sometimes collect information through business channels such as trade shows, or through marketing platforms that help us identify new customers.   In addition, we and advertising and data platforms we work with may use cookies, pixels, device identifiers or other tracking methods to collect and retain “identifiers” such as cookie IDs, IP addresses to recognize you and to target or retarget ads to you when you visit our website, visit other sites across the internet, or visit other applications and services.
b.    How We Use This Personal Information
Generally, we use the information we collect to provide customers and potential customers with information that they requested, to correspond about any questions or concerns brought to our attention, to notify such persons of new services or updates to our existing Services or more generally to market and promote our Services.   We also use this information as follows:
For Legal Purposes:  We may share any information we have with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our contracts, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts, or to investigate of potential violations thereof; (c) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our customers, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public.  We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, and spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
In the Event of a Corporate Transaction:  We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate transaction, including, for example
,
a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
With Service Providers:  We may share personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include (for instance) providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our Services.
c.    Your Marketing Choices
Anyone who has provided personal contact information through our Sites may e-mail us at
privacy@nexxen.com
to update, delete, and/or correct their personal contact information, or contact us at the information provided in
Section 17
. You may likewise request access or “deletion” of your information through the same means:  however, if you are an entity with which we have done business, we will likely need to retain your data for business purposes such as accounting, billing, auditing and fulfilling other legal requirements.   To “opt out” of advertising platforms we may work with for our own corporate purposes (e.g., to “retarget” our customers or potential customers from this website), you may generally rely on the consumer choice mechanisms we set out in
Section 6
.
d. Sale of Personal Information
We may allow certain third parties (such as Partners) to collect your personal information. You have the right to opt out of such disclosure of personal information, as described below in
Section 6
.
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information:
Identifier such as a unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier, cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology, other forms of identifiers), online identifier and IP address;
Commercial information, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies; and
Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements.
10. Where We Store Personal Data
We are a global company with affiliates, varied business processes, management structures and technical systems around the world. Information that we collect or that is collected on our behalf may be stored on connected devices (including Smart TV) to which we provide advertising or measurement and analytics services, or on our servers, and may be transferred to, accessed from, or stored and processed globally in any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities or call centers, including jurisdictions that may have different data privacy laws from those in your home country. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order or the provision of support services. We strive to transfer your information where there are appropriate measures and controls in place, and we strive to ensure that all information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
11. For European Residents: About your GDPR Privacy Rights
If you are located in Europe, you may have certain right under European privacy law, principally the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).   This Section of the Privacy Policy is intended solely for, and is applicable only as to, such consumers, i.e., “data subjects”; if you are not an EEA resident (or otherwise located in an EEA country), this does not apply to you and you should not rely on it.
a.    Our legal bases for using personal information
All organizations need a legal reason to use your personal information. There are a number of legal grounds that enable data processing. Below are the most relevant grounds of which you should be aware.
With your consent
There are some activities where we process personal information with your consent. For example, where we want to send you marketing messages by email, we would ask your permission first and you could opt out at any time.
For a legitimate interest
We may use your information where there is a legitimate interest to do so. For example, we may use your information where it would help achieve our business objectives or to facilitate a benefit to you or someone else.  Our legitimate interests in processing personal data include:
to develop, deliver and maintain relevant and engaging products, services and/or advertising;
understanding when audiences engage with our Customers’ ads;
to build a clearer understanding of who our Customer’s audiences are in order to better serve more relevant advertising to those audiences, for the benefit of both individuals and our Customers;
to maximize advertising revenues for publishers and therefore help to maintain a diverse ecosystem of online independent publishers of content for users to enjoy and educate themselves;
to support individual and societal rights to receive information;
to improve user website experience by delivering brand safe, high quality advertising to all of the publishers of online content with which we work;
to carry on the business of a commercial organization;
to demonstrate that we provide services and products to agreed industry standards; and
sharing information with the Nexxen Group companies for analysis, audience insights, business efficiencies, content personalization and to deliver relevant advertising.
To comply with legal obligations
There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or to defend claims.
b.    Exercising Your Data Subject Rights Under the GDPR
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time by contacting us at
privacy@nexxen.com
or you may visit our
Manage User Data page
, where you may make an “access” or “right to know” request, or request that we “opt out” your personal information from our active database.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at
privacy@nexxen.com
.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us at
privacy@nexxen.com
.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time, by contacting us at
privacy@nexxen.com
or (as to information that we use in our Services), by going to
[your data page]
.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
12. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
13. Data Retention
Personal information we collect may be retained for as long as needed to fulfill legitimate business purposes. The Company expires certain cookies, including cookies directed to European users, after 12 months. Except as permitted by law, we may retain aggregated and anonymized user information (e.g., to create group-level data), for an indefinite period but usually no more than 2 years.
14. Information Security
We take measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data we collect and store.  These may include internal reviews of our data collection, storage, firewalls and processing practices and security measures.  Of course, no security system is perfect.   Thus, while we do take measures to safeguard against unauthorized access to, or alteration of data we collect and store, we cannot guarantee that it will not be disclosed or accessed inadvertently or through the unauthorized acts of others.
15. California “Shine the Light” Law
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) permits California residents to request and receive, once per calendar year and free of charge, information about our sharing of your personal information (if any) with third parties for their own direct marketing use.  We do not share the information subject to that law for those covered purposes.   For information about other California privacy rights you may have, please see the below sections.
16. Privacy Rights and Information for Residents of California and Other Applicable States
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. Other states’ laws (upon becoming effective) provide similar (though not identical) rights to their own residents – including residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Other Applicable States”).  This Section of the Privacy Policy applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of one of those states, or of California (“California Consumer”), when we act in the capacity as a business or controller as defined by the laws of such states.   This Addendum supplements the information and disclosures in the Privacy Policy for residents of those states that recognize these particularized rights.
The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use Consumers’ personal information. (
Examples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily collect that type of information or identifier.
)
Our Collection of Consumer Personal Information
Depending on how you interact with us, we may collect about you the categories of information summarized in the table below. The following table also describes how we collect and use such categories of information.  We do not knowingly collect consumer information deemed “sensitive” under the CCPA, such as information that reveals race, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation or information about specific medical conditions.
Category (examples for each are statutory; all may not be collected)
Business Purpose
Categories of Sources
Identifiers, e.g.
, name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Data compilers and consumer data platforms and aggregators, informational and retail websites (“Commercial Source Categories”)Consumers (through browsers, apps, and mobile devices) (“Consumers”)Ad networks Our affiliates (“Affiliates”), including the following: Addination Amobee ANZ Pty Ltd Amobee Asia Pte Amobee EMEA Ltd Amobee Ltd Nexxen Group US Holdings Inc Perk.com Canada Inc. SpearAd Taptica Inc Unmedia Video Distribution Sdn Bhd Unruly Group, LLC Unruly Media KK Unruly Media Pte. Ltd Unruly Media Pty Ltd
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or other US law (inferenced or actual, including self-reported)
e.g.,
race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported)
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesConsumersAd networksOur affiliates
Commercial or transactions information
e.g.
, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, including regarding cannabis products and services.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesOur affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity information
e.g.
, browsing history; online interests.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Geolocation data
e.g.,
latitude/longitude coordinates from mobile devices
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
e.g.
, current or past job history or job title.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesPublic records and other publicly available sources
Inferenced Data
e.g.,
consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Our Disclosure, Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
We may share and sell the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes, with service providers and with third parties including our Customers, advertising platforms, and those advertising platforms’ customers.  These business purposes often involve cross-context behavioral advertising, also known as “targeted” advertising.
The table below describes how and with whom we share or disclose personal information, and whether we believe we have “sold” or “shared” a particular category of information in the prior 12 months.   “Sharing” information is a concept defined under California privacy laws (but not necessarily other states’ privacy laws) and includes using (or permitting others to use) the information we collect for cross-context or “targeted” advertising.  (In our case – because we often earn money in exchange for making available information for advertising purposes – we may be involved in both a “sale” and a “share” of that information.)
For maximal transparency, we have been deliberately inclusive in our terminology, by including within categories both types of third parties (e.g., “retailers”) and types of platforms through which those third parties might access data (e.g., “advertising networks”). We reiterate that
e
xamples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily sell, disclose, and/or share that type of information or identifier.
Category
Categories of Third Parties We M
ay
Share With
Whether We “Sold” o
r “Shared”
This Category of Personal Information in the Last 12 Months
Identifiers
,
e.g.
, name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks
Yes
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or US law (inferenced or actual)
e.g.,
race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported)
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks
Yes
Commercial or transactions information
e.g.
, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks
Yes
Internet or other electronic network activity information
e.g.
, browsing history; online interests.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networksAdvertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
e.g.
, current or past job history or job title.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networksAdvertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks
Yes
Inference Data
e.g.,
consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networksAdvertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks
Yes
Please see the below sections to learn the purposes for which we collect and share personal information.
Our Business Purposes for Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We
collect
and
share
the personal information that we collect for the below purposes, as we also have described in our Privacy Policy and/or our website.
Online targeting, for example:
Creating or helping to create defined audience segments based on common demographics and/or shared (actual or inferred) interests or preferences (e.g., households with prospective students).  These audience segments may be based on the collective website behavior of consumers and indicate whether a consumer is likely to want to make a particular type of purchase or engage in a particular type of commercial behavior.   We also sometimes work with a data partner that “matches” our or other Information through coded identification techniques (such as through coded data “hashing”) with online cookies and other identifiers to target and measure ad campaigns online across various display, mobile and other media channels.We also create or assisting customers in creating or enhancing “identity” graphs to help locate consumers across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (e.g., IP address, email address)We also use the personal information we collect or receive online to provide related services, such as for measuring the effectiveness of and otherwise analyzing ad campaigns.
W
e use personal information for
other internal purposes, for example:
For internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting security incidents, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.We sometimes use the personal information collected from our own website, from social networks, from other “business to business” interactions (such as at trade shows) or from data compilers for the above purposes, as well as for our own marketing purposes.
We also may share any of the personal information we collect for other legal, corporate or operational purposes.
Sharing for legal purposes.
For instance,
we may share personal information with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, legal rights, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our customers, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public.
Sharing to prevent consumer harm or fraud.
We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
S
haring for purposes of a corporate transaction.
We may also share personal information in the event of a major corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
Sharing With Service Providers:
We share any personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include (for instance) providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our services.
Sharing of Aggregate Information
:
We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (“
Aggregate/De-Identified Information
”). We may use Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose, including, without limitation, for research and marketing purposes, and we may also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors, in our discretion.
Our Retention of Information
We retain personal information as a “business” or “controller” under applicable state privacy laws if it is relevant and useful for purposes of our products and services or we have a legal or compliance reason to do so, and provided the information is not subject to a valid request for deletion.  (We may retain information after deletion where legally permitted or required for a legal compliance, auditing or accounting reason.)
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
As noted above, residents of certain U.S. states have particular privacy rights, including residents of California and (upon various “effective” dates occurring during 2023) Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Applicable State Residents”).  The scope and nature of these rights vary in each state, so we have sought to explain these rights in the most transparent and uniform terms, below.
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents, as well as residents of the Applicable States, have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect from you, to delete that information, and to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, subject to certain restrictions.  If you are a resident of such a state, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf (so long as your state of residence continues to recognize that right).
This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests.  (To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.)
We may withhold these rights to the extent that the law in your state of residence does not recognize or no longer recognizes these rights.
Note that sometimes, we act only as a “service provider” or “processor” to our customers (for instance, if they provide information to us solely to use our marketing or data management tools), in which case any consumer requests for opt-out, deletion or access to data must be made through that client: we therefore will forward any such requests to a named client, where feasible.
a.    The right to access, correction and disclosure
You may have the right to request, twice during a twelve-month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; and
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.
You also may request correction of your personal information, such as if you believe we have incorrect information pertaining to you.
b.    The right to deletion
You may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.  We need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you, and may retain certain information for important business purposes, such as fulfilling our legal obligations, or for security, auditing or de-bugging purposes.
c.    How to exercise your access and deletion rights
California residents and residents of Other Applicable States may exercise their access or deletion rights by accessing our
“Manage user data” page
or by sending an email to
privacy@nexxen.com
.
For security purposes, we will verify your identity – in part by requesting or automatically capturing certain information from you — when you request to exercise your applicable privacy rights.  For instance, you may need to provide your email address. To request that we provide you with the specific pieces of personal information we have from you or to delete personal information we have collected from you, we may also need to ask you for additional information to verify your identity.  Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above or another permissible business, security or legal purpose.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
d.    The right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
e.    The right to “opt-out” of the sale of your personal information
You have the right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information.  California law (for instance) broadly defines sale such that it may include, for example, allowing third parties to receive and use certain information, such as cookies IP address and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising.
If you wish to “opt out” of our “sale” of your information, i.e., for purposes of personalized advertising, we recommend employing the options we provide and explain in
Section 6
(as we believe those methods are the easiest and most efficient).   However, you may also visit the interactive form that we make available at
https://yourdata.rhythmone.com/#/
and
Consumer Opt Out — Amobee
.
f.    Authorized Agents
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights, where applicable state law (such as the CCPA) permits you to do so.   In such case, we will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a validly executed power of attorney.
g.  Right to Appeal
In some states you have a right to appeal our decision about how or whether we honor your privacy rights request(s).  In the event that we inform you that we will not, or believe we cannot, honor a particular consumer request (for instance, if we have determined we cannot verify your identity, or if we believe you are not entitled to the scope of deletion you request), and you live in such a state, you may appeal our determination by emailing us at
privacy@nexxen.com
.
Opt-out of sale requests are often effectively accomplished through automated suppression methods, either by a consumer causing another website (such as a content publisher) to avoid selling browser-related data, or by deploying our opt-out cookie located at
https://unruly.co/legal/privacy/#your-choices
as well as on various industry opt-out pages.  Opting out in these ways causes data associated with a consumer’s device to be effectively disassociated from their device and/or suppressed from usage.
17. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or requests please contact us by email at
privacy@nexxen.com
or 1177 Avenue of the Americas, 9
th
Floor, New York, NY, 10036.
Jump to top
Ready to build your platform?
Let's Chat
Email
*
First name
Last name
Job title
Seniority
Please Select
C-Level
VP, SVP, or Director
Manager
Trader or Associate
Company name
Company Type
*
Select Company Type
Other
Ad Tech
Agency/Brand
Publisher/Broadcaster
Country/Region
Please Select
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Antigua & Deps
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Rep
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo {Democratic Rep}
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland {Republic}
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea North
Korea South
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar, (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Other
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
State/Region
Please Select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
What is your interest in Amobee?
*
Please Select
I would like to learn more about your solutions
I am interested in launching campaigns with Amobee
I would like to become an Amobee technology partner
I have a different request
How did you hear about us?
*
To get you to the right person, tell us a little bit more about your situation.
*
Lead Source
Content Type
I consent to being contacted by Amobee sales or marketing personnel. The personal data on this form will be processed to provide me with information I have requested about Amobee products and services. I can withdraw my consent at any time by sending an e-mail notification.
I agree to receive other communications from Amobee
In order to provide you the content requested, we need to store and process your personal data. If you consent to us storing your personal data for this purpose, please tick the checkbox below.
I agree to allow Amobee  to store and process my personal data.
*
You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our
Privacy Guidelines
.
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Sub-policy 29
https://kayzen.io/data-privacy-policy:
Data Privacy Policy
Updated: December 18, 2024
Effective: September 1, 2019
I. Who is the data controller?
The controller in the sense for this website in terms of the European Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is
Realtime Technologies GmbH
, Ackerstraße 29, Berlin, Germany. You can find further information in our imprint.
You can also contact Realtime Technologies’ data protection officer using the following contact information:
ISiCO GmbH, Am Hamburger Bahnhof 4, 10557 Berlin, Germany, e-mail: privacy@kayzen.io
The data protection officer can be contacted at the above postal address and at the e-mail address given above (keyword: “attn. data protection officer”). We expressly point out that, if you use this e-mail address, the contents will not be exclusively noted by our data protection officer. If you wish to exchange confidential information, we therefore request that you first contact us directly via this e-mail address.
II. How we use your data
General use of the website
When you visit our website, your browser automatically transmits certain information to us. This information includes the HTTP header information, especially your IP address, the accessed page or file, the time and date of your request, the previous accessed website or file, the access status/HTTP status code, browser, operating system, language and browser version as well as cookies stored on the terminal device of the domain accessed (‘network data’).
We use this data to enable you to retrieve the content of our website, to ensure the functionality, stability and security of our systems and to maintain our website in general for administrative purposes. The connection data is also stored in internal logfiles for the purposes described above, temporarily and limited in content to what is absolutely necessary, in order to find the cause and take action in the event of repeated or criminal requests that endanger the stability and security of our website. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. Art. 6 para. 1, letter b GDPR.
The logfiles are generally stored for a few days and then anonymised. Exceptionally, individual logfiles and IP addresses are kept longer in order to prevent further attacks from this IP address in the event of cyber attacks and/or to take action against the attackers by way of criminal prosecution.
Contact
If you contact us, e.g. via our contact form, we only process your personal data, e.g. name, e-mail address, phone number (‘contact data’) and the content of the conversation (‘communication data’), for communication with you. The legal basis for this is Art. Art. 6 para. 1 letter b GDPR, insofar as your information is required to answer your enquiry or to initiate or execute a contract, and otherwise Art. 6 para. 1 letter f GDPR due to our legitimate interest that you contact us and that we can answer your enquiry.
We only make promotional telephone calls if you have given your consent for this. If you are not an existing customer, we will only send you promotional e-mails on the basis of your consent. In these cases, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 letter a GDPR in conjunction with. § 7 para. 2 no. 1 or 2 UWG (German Act against Unfair Competition, German: Gesetz gegen den unlauteren Wettbewerb).
The contact and communication data will be deleted after we have completed processing your request, unless we need your request to fulfill other contractual or legal obligations.
Newsletter
You can subscribe to our newsletter, with which we will regularly inform you about news on our products and campaigns. You can also unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time. The corresponding unsubscribe link is included in every newsletter. For this purpose, it is also sufficient to send a message to the contact details provided above or in the newsletter.
The following data such as e-mail address, the time of registration and the IP address used for registration (‘subscription data’) are stored during your active subscription and a limited time after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. The storage serves the sole purpose of being able to send you the newsletters and to be able to prove your registration.
The legal basis for this processing is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 letter a GDPR.
Our newsletters use standard market technologies that enable the measurement of interactions with the newsletters (e.g. opening the email or activating links, ‘interaction data’). We use this data in pseudonymised form for general statistical evaluations and to optimize and further develop our content and customer communication. This is done by means of small graphics embedded in the newsletters (so-called pixels) that establish a connection to the server of the pixel when the e-mail is opened. Furthermore, we use links that first register a click on the link and then redirect to the desired target page. Our newsletter serves to share content relevant to our customers and to better understand what interests our readers. Your interaction data is stored until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. If you do not wish to have your user behavior analyzed, you can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time (see above), or permanently deactivate the display of graphics and the output of HTML content in your email programme and do not click on any links.
The legal basis for the newsletter tracking is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 letter a GDPR. Access to the information in the terminal device is then based on the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TDDDG.
Job Applications, Talent Pool and Active Sourcing
You can use our Career Portal to apply for open positions. The corresponding data is collected for the purpose of applicant selection and the possible establishment of an employment relationship. In order to accept and process your application, we collect personal data, e.g., your first and last name, your e-mail address, application documents (e.g., certificates, CV), the earliest possible date you can start work and your salary expectations, LinkedIn profile name (‘applicant data’).
Furthermore, we will use your given LinkedIn profile name in the application to consider your public and freely accessible data within the application process, where applicable.
The legal basis for processing your applicant data is Art. Art. 6 para. 1 letter b and Art. Art. 88 para. 1 GDPR in conjunction with Section Art. 26 para. 1 sentence 1 BDSG (German Federal Data Protection Act, German: Bundesdatenschutzgesetz).
We store your personal data upon receipt of your application. If we accept your application and an employment relationship is established, we store your application data for as long as it is required for the employment relationship and to the extent that legal regulations justify an obligation to store it.
If we reject your application, we will store your application data for a maximum of three months after rejecting your application, unless you give us your consent to store it for a longer period.
If you have separately given us your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 letter a GDPR, we will store your data submitted as part of the application in our Talent Pool for a further fifteen months after the end of the application process in order to identify any other interesting positions for you and, if necessary, to approach you again. After this period, the data will be deleted. You can withdraw this consent at any time with effect for the future.
For our Career Portal and Talent Pool we use our service provider Greenhouse Software Inc., 228 Park Avenue S, PMB 14744, New York, NY 10003-1502, USA, with which we have concluded a data processing agreement. Furthermore, Greenhouse Software Inc. is certified for the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, so that the transfer to the USA is governed by an adequacy decision according to Art. 45 GDPR.
Sometimes we proactively look for candidates for our open positions online and may then obtain your personal information from sources like LinkedIn or XING or other professional networks where you have published your profile. We may then store some of your data (such as name, link to your profile) in our database and contact you to inform you about our open positions. If there are no open positions at the moment, we ask your consent to store the data in the Talent Pool. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 letter 7 GDPR where data processing is based on our legitimate interest and Art. 6 Para. 1 letter a GDPR where the data processing is based on your consent.
Use of cookies and similar technologies
This website uses various services and applications (‘tools’) that are offered either by us or by third parties. These include, in particular, tools that use technologies to store or access information in the device:
Cookies
: small text files that your browser stores on your terminal device, consisting in particular of a name, a value, the storing domain and an expiry date. So-called session cookies (e.g. PHPSESSID) are deleted after the session, while so-called persistent cookies are deleted after the specified expiry date. Cookies can also be removed manually.
Web storage
(local storage / session storage): information stored on the device, consisting of a name and a value. Information in session storage is deleted after the session, while information in local storage has no expiry date and remains stored unless a mechanism for deletion has been set up (e.g. storage of a local storage with a time entry). Information in local and session storage can also be removed manually.
JavaScript
: Programming codes (scripts) embedded or called up in the website that, for example, set cookies and web storage or actively collect information from the device or about the user behavior of visitors. JavaScript may be used for ‘active fingerprinting’ and the creation of user profiles. JavaScript can be blocked by a setting in the browser, although most services will then no longer work.
Pixel
: tiny graphics automatically loaded by a service that can make it possible to recognise visitors by automatically transmitting the usual connection data and, for example, to determine whether an email has been opened or a website visited. With the help of pixels, ‘passive fingerprinting’ and the creation of user profiles can be carried out. The use of pixels can be prevented, for example, by blocking images, such as in emails, although the design is then severely restricted.
The tools are used for the following purposes and categories:
Essential
: Essential services enable basic functions and are necessary for the proper function of the website. These include especially consent management platforms.
Statistics
: Statistics services process usage information, enabling us to recognize you as a visitor, to analyze user behavior, to gain insights into how our visitors interact with our website, and to adjust and optimize our website upon our usage evaluations.
Marketing
: Marketing services are used by third-party advertisers or publishers to display personalized ads, to retarget you, to create audiences, and to evaluate our advertising campaigns. They do this by tracking and recognizing visitors across websites, and by creating usage profiles about your clicked advertisements and interests.
External Media
: Content from video platforms and social media platforms is blocked by default. If External Media services are accepted, access to those contents no longer requires manual consent. Providers of embedded content and media may track your use of it for personalization and marketing purposes.
The legal basis for Essential tools is Art. Art. 6 para. 1 letter b and f GDPR. The access to and storage of information on the device is absolutely necessary in these cases and takes place on the basis of the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 2 TTDSG. In this regard, we especially use the Elementor WordPress Page Builder to provide and maintain our essential website functions; this includes the storage of the “elementor” information on your device’s web storage.
The legal basis for Statistics, Marketing and External Media tools is Art. 6 para. 1 letter a GDPR. The access to and storage of information in the device is then based on the implementation laws of the ePrivacy Directive of the EU member states, in Germany according to § 25 para. 1 TTDSG.
The data collected includes in particular:
network data (e.g. IP address),
usage data (e.g. visited sites),
event data (e.g. clicked buttons),
identifiers
approximate location data,
language,
device data (e.g. information about browser, and operating system, device, resolution).
You can manage your tool selection and withdraw your consent in our consent banner, which you can open with the icon in the lower left corner. There you can also find detailed information about the provider of the tools and our marketing partners, about the specific purposes of the tools, the data processed and the information stored on the device.
III. Transfer of your data
The data we collect about you will only be transferred if there is a legal basis for this in the specific case, in particular if:
you have given your explicit consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 letter a GDPR,
the disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 letter f GDPR is necessary to protect our interests or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding interest worthy of protection in not disclosing your data,
we are legally obliged to disclose your data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 letter c GDPR, in particular if this is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement due to binding requirements (e.g. in the context of tax audits by the tax authorities), official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings, or
this is legally permissible and required pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 letter b GDPR for the processing of contractual relationships with you or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures taken at your request.
Some of the data processing may be carried out by our service providers. In addition to the service providers mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers, software providers (e.g. for logfile management or sending newsletters), IT service providers, help desks, agencies, market research companies and consultancies. If we pass on data to our service providers, they may only use data to fulfill their tasks. Service providers are carefully selected and commissioned by us.
Furthermore, we share your data with our group companies on the basis of a joint controller agreement to perform jointly determined purposes for our services, including especially the customer management, campaign management, trading management, product development, and analytics. For all aspects regarding this joint processing of data with our group companies, we are your preferred contact point.
We may use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or transfer personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union.
If there is an adequacy decision by the European Commission (Art. 45 GDPR) for these countries, we base the data transfer on this. This applies, for example, to transfers to Argentina, Israel, Japan, Canada, the Republic of Korea, New Zealand, Switzerland, Uruguay or the United Kingdom. In the case of the USA, this only applies if the US recipient has certified itself for the EU-US Data Privacy Framework.
Where the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision for these countries, we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include, among others, the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations (Art. 46 GDPR).
Where this is not possible, we base the transfer of data on exceptions to Art. 49 GDPR, in particular your express consent or the necessity of the transfer for the performance of the contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
If a third country transfer is provided for and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. intelligence services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyze it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. When obtaining your explicit consent, you will also be informed of this.
IV. Online presence in social networks
We maintain online presences in social networks in order to communicate there with customers and interested parties, among others, and to provide information about our products and services.
Processing for advertising purposes of the social network providers
The users’ data is usually processed by the social networks concerned for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, usage profiles can be created based on the interests of the users. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the computers of the data subjects. Based on these usage profiles, advertisements, for example, are then placed within the social networks but also on third-party websites.
For the legal basis of the data processing carried out by the social networks under their own responsibility, please refer to the data protection information of the respective social network. The following links will also provide you with further information on the respective data processing and the options to object.
Processing for statistics
As part of the operation of our online presences, it is possible that we may access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information (e.g., age, gender, region, country) as well as data on interaction with our online presences (e.g. likes, subscription, sharing, viewing of images and videos) and the posts and content distributed via them. This may also provide information about the interests of users and which content and topics are particularly relevant to them. This information may also be used by us to adapt the design and our activities and content on the online presence and optimise it for our audience. Please see the list below for details and links to the social network data that we, as operators of the online presences, can access. The collection and use of these statistics is usually subject to joint responsibility. Where applicable, the relevant agreement is listed below.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 letter f GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in effective information and communication with users, and Art. 6 para. 1 letter b GDPR, in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers, as well as to carry out pre-contractual measures with interested parties.
Access to publicly available information
Where you have an account with the social network, it is possible that we may see your publicly available information (e.g. profile name) and media (e.g. pictures and videos) when we access your profile. In addition, the social network may allow us to contact you. This may be, for example, via direct messages or via posted articles. The content communication via the social network and the processing of the content data is thereby subject to the responsibility of the social network as a messenger and platform service. For this processing, we refer to the data protection information of the respective social network.
Processing of publicly available information
As soon as we transfer or process personal data from you into our own systems, we are independently responsible for this. The processing is done to carry out pre-contractual measures and to fulfill a contract in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 letter b GDPR or to pursue our legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 letter f GDPR in order to contact customers.
Data subject rights
We would like to point out that data protection requests can be asserted most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. Of course, you can also contact us with your request. In this case, we will process your request and forward it to the provider of the social network.
Our online presences
Below is a list of information about the social networks on which we operate online presences:
Facebook (USA and Canada: Meta Platforms Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA; all other countries: Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, Serpentine Avenue, Block J, Dublin 4, Ireland).
agreement on joint processing of personal data:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Information on the processed data and the contact option for data protection enquiries:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
Privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Opt-out:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
and
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
Google/YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland)
Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
.
LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland)
agreement on joint processing of personal data:
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
Information on the processed data and the contact option for data protection enquiries:
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
Privacy policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Opt-Out:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
.
V. Storage period
We store your personal data only as long as it is necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which we have collected your data. Thereafter, we delete your data immediately, unless we need your data as evidence for civil law purposes or until the statutory retention periods expire  or there is another legal basis under data protection law for the continued processing of your data in the specific individual case.
We are obliged to store your contractual data for evidence purposes for three years after the end of the year in which our business relationship with you ends. Any claims become statute-barred at the earliest time permitted under the statutory limitation period.
However, for accounting or other legally prescribed purposes, it may be necessary for us to store your data for longer. We may be obliged to do so due to legal documentation obligations, e.g. in Germany according to the German Commercial Code (HGB) or the German Fiscal Code (AO). The periods specified there for the retention of documents are two to ten years.
VI. Your rights
You have the rights of data subjects set out in Art. 7 para. 3, Art. 15 – 22 GDPR at any time if the respective legal requirements are met:
You have the right to obtain information about the processing of your personal data by us at any time. We will explain the data processing to you and give you an overview of the personal data we store about you (Art. 15 GDPR).
If your personal data stored with us is incorrect or no longer up to date, you have the right to have this data corrected (Art. 16 GDPR).
You also have the right to have your data deleted (Art. 17 GDPR). If deletion is not possible due to other legal requirements, your data will be blocked so that it is only available for the legally prescribed purposes.
You also have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data (Art. 18 GDPR) if, for example, you dispute the accuracy of the data.
You also have the right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR), i.e. we will provide you with a digital copy of your personal data stored with us upon request.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing which produces legal effects or similarly significantly affects you, including, where applicable, the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express your point of view and to contest the decision (Art. 22 GDPR).
Right of withdrawal (Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR):
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. This means that we will no longer process the data based on this consent in the future. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the withdrawal.
Right of objection (Art. 21 GDPR):
General objection: If we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your data at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation.
Objection for direct marketing: If it is a matter of objecting to the processing of data for direct marketing purposes, you have a general right of objection, which will also be implemented by us without giving reasons.
Assertion of your rights:
If you wish to exercise your right of withdrawal or objection, it is sufficient to send an informal message to the above contact details.
Finally, you have the right to complain to any data protection supervisory authority. You can assert this right, for example, with a supervisory authority in the member state of your place of residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. In Berlin, where we are based, the competent supervisory authority is: Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Alt-Moabit 59-61, 10555 Berlin.
To exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details above. This also applies if you wish to receive copies of guarantees demonstrating an adequate level of data protection. Provided that the respective legal requirements are met, we will comply with your data protection request.
Your enquiries regarding the assertion of data protection rights and our responses to them will be stored for documentation purposes for a period of up to three
years and, in individual cases, for a longer period if there are grounds for asserting, exercising or defending legal claims. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 letter f GDPR, based on our interest in defending against any civil claims under Art. 82 GDPR, avoiding fines under Art. 83 GDPR and fulfilling our accountability obligations under Art. 5 para. 2 GDPR.
VII. Changes to the privacy notice
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice, for example, if we make changes to our website or if legal or regulatory requirements change
.
Version: 2.0 / Status: November 2024
We need your consent to use cookies and other technologies on our website and to process personal data for analytics of user behavior, embedding of external content, recognition and retargeting of users, creation of user profiles and audiences, display of personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement and evaluations. We may share your data with marketing partners and transfer it to the USA upon adequacy decision. You can find more information about the use of your data this banner and in our privacy policy. You can withdraw or adjust your selection at any time by opening the banner with the icon in the lower left corner.
The following is a list of service groups for which consent can be given. The first service group is essential and cannot be unchecked.
Essential
Statistics
Marketing
External Media
Accept optional services
Only essential cookies
Individual preferences
Sub-policy 30
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and offer you the most relevant information. Please accept cookies for an optimal experience. To learn more about how we use cookies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
{title}
Privacy Policy
Liftoff
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 2025
Table of contents:
Who we are
The personal information we process
How we use your personal information (our purposes) and
our legal basis for processing it
Cookies and similar tracking technologies
International transfers
How we share your personal information and who we share it with
Security
Data retention
Automated decision-making
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Complaints, questions and suggestions
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure that you are completely informed about your personal data. To access a particular section, you can click on the relevant link above.
I. WHO WE ARE
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is a mobile advertising company that provides customers with an advertising and optimization platform and software (the “Services”).
We are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you. The company is registered in Delaware (registration number C3511707), with registered office at 555 Bryant Street, Suite #133, Palo Alto CA 94301.
We respect your right to privacy. “You” will fall into one of four categories:
“Site Visitor”: accessing or browsing the www.liftoff.io site (the “Site”);
“Customer”: requesting the provision of Services from us;
“Partner”: providing services to us, to allow us to provide Services to our Customers: or
“Targeted End User”: using mobile apps provided to you by our Customers (acting as an “End User”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and our Services. It describes how we collect, use, share and store your personal information, as well as your privacy rights and choices. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control.
You can contact us in relation to this Privacy Policy by email at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io, or using the additional contact details provided in Section XIII titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
II. THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE PROCESS
The type of personal information that we collect and process falls into three categories, as further detailed below:
Information we collect from Customers and Partners in connection with the provision of our Services;
Information we collect and use when Targeted End Users interact with our Customers’ mobile applications; and
Information that we collect from Site Visitors using the Site.
We do not collect any sensitive personal information about you, such as health-related information or information about your race or ethnicity, or sexual orientation.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it):
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email and telephone), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Transaction Data
such as your payment information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us.
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location, unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as account activity and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, information about content viewed, time and length of visits, traffic data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Advertising and Marketing Data
including your interests based on your use of our Site and other websites and online services, your preferences in relation to receiving marketing materials from us, your communication preferences, and your preferences for particular products or services.
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it).
Categories of personal information
Source
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, Internet service provider (ISP), device information (inc. ID, make, manufacturer, operating system and language settings), browser type, generic geographic location (such as country or zip code, as well as the granular latitude and longitude coordinates), carrier, Android ID or Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), connection speed.
Your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (e.g., because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Characteristics specific to your device might be requested from you and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen).
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Usage Data
such as your activity on a Customer’s app and other websites or apps (e.g., forms you submit, content you look at) and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”). This will include app usage information, referring/ exit pages, pages and content viewed, clickstream data, and date/ time stamp.
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (e.g., your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey).
Indirectly from you
Preferences
regarding the processing of your data.
Directly from you
Ad Engagement Data
such as information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it (e.g., whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or download an app, etc.)
Indirectly from you
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you when you visit our Site:
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us, and any other information that you actively provide to us via our Site
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location (country), unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, time and length of visits, traffic data, weblogs and other communication data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Third-party Data
including marketing data
We combine this data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
If you provide us with personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Third parties (including email, marketing and analytics services, as well as publicly available databases)
III. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (OUR PURPOSES) AND OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING IT
We use the personal information that we collect from and about you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your information. Depending on our purpose for collecting your information, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Contract
– we require certain personal information in order to provide and support the Services you request from us;
Consent
– in certain circumstances, we may ask for your consent (separately from any contract between us) before we collect, use, or disclose your personal information, in which case you can voluntarily choose to give or deny your consent without any negative consequences to you;
Legitimate interests
– we will use or disclose your personal information for our or a third party’s legitimate interests, but only (i) in a way that is reasonable for you to expect as part of the running of our business and which does not materially affect your rights and freedoms, and (ii) when we are confident that your privacy rights will remain appropriately protected. These interests will normally be to: (i) operate, provide and improve our business, including our Services; communicate with you and respond to your questions; (ii) improve our Site or use the insights to improve or develop marketing activities and promote our Services; (iii) detect or prevent illegal activities (for example, fraud); and/or (iv) to manage the security of our IT infrastructure, and the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors and visitors; or
Legal obligation
– there are instances where we must process and retain your personal information to comply with laws or to fulfil certain legal obligations.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide our Services
Register, manage and administer your account
Fulfil your request for our Services
Service-related communications (inc. Service updates, confirmations and support)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Performance of a contract with you
Improve our Services
Analyse metrics related to transactions and behaviour (online and offline) to assess trends and the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns (inc. our “Mobile Heroes” programme), to help us understand your needs and provide you with better service and offers, to drive customer engagement, promote our business, and inform business decisions.
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Personalise and customise your experience
including to provide targeted content, marketing, ads and other information to Customers
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Location Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
To receive services
from you or the business you represent (where you or your business is a Partner)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Performance of a contract with you
Manage compliance with our terms of service
and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
Customers and Partners wishing to opt out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from Liftoff can click “UNSUBSCRIBE” in marketing emails or email us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
When you provide us with personal information about your contacts, we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided in order to reach out to the individual (including those individuals nominated as a mobile hero). If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Personalise, target and deliver advertising
including to create an advertising profile of you
We build or improve a profile about you to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests.
To ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Location Data
Consent
Measuring advertising performance
To determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users, understand the impact of advertising campaigns and determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Location Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business).
Developing and improving services
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be used to improve or build new products and services. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Security
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and fixing errors (e.g., to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them).
Device Data
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests. It is in the interests of us, our clients, and you to ensure that ads are served in a safe and error free manner and that fraudulent third parties do not distort the true price to be paid for showing you ads.
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Ad Engagement Data
Legal obligation
Our Privacy Principles for the use of data about Targeted End Users
Liftoff’s systems aggregate events/data at granularities that cover many users, as opposed to a specific user, unless the user consents. For instance: users with iPhone X’s in San Francisco have clicked on ads in app A 100 times and installed app B 50 times.
Liftoff does not tie together events/data across apps in a user-specific way, without the user’s consent. For instance: we do not track that a person did X in app A and also Y in app B from a different publisher, if the person opts-out of interest-based advertising.
Instead, Liftoff only ties events/data from a given specific user within the context of a given app. E.g. user with app-local ID 123 installed app A, then finished the tutorial, then made a purchase.
This allows Liftoff to understand the conversion rates from one event to another within an app, but not track the activities of a user across different apps.
Liftoff does not record or store personal information that the user cannot easily revoke, such as email address, physical address, photographs or phone number to personalize our advertising. Liftoff relies upon device IDs to uniquely identify a user, and Liftoff solely relies upon the user’s consent in allowing Liftoff to access this information.
Liftoff does not export per-user data outside of Liftoff, except for validation purposes to a company that already has access to that data
Details of how to opt-out of interest-based advertising from us can be found at:
https://liftoff.io/opt-out/
.
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide access to our Site
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Communicate with you
including to deal with and respond to enquiries
Communication Data
Legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to communicate with you).
Analyse how our Site is used and to improve our Site
including managing our use of cookies and other tracking technologies (including enabling you to manage your cookie preferences) and analyse collected data to learn about our Site, to improve our Site, and to develop new products and services.
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Send you marketing communications
We combine Third-Party Data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Third-party Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Manage compliance with our terms of service and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure)
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
IV. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to analyse trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around our Site, to gather demographic information about our user base, and to serve interest based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
You can control the use of Cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable Cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Site or Services.
V. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your personal information may be collected, transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located, including the United States and other countries where we or our group companies or service providers (among others) maintain facilities. Our group affiliates and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. We maintain primary data centers in the United States, Singapore, Japan and Germany. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed as described in this Privacy Policy and according to applicable law.
We have implemented appropriate safeguards to ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, including by entering into the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal information, or where required, we will ask you for your prior written consent for such international data transfers.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland which have been formally recognized as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” and “adequacy regulations” from the European Commission, Swiss and UK authorities.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision, we take appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. These safeguards include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses as issued on 4 June 2021 under Article 46(2) GDPR for transfers originating in the EEA, UK and Switzerland; and the UK Addendum under Article 46(2) of the UK GDPR for the transfer of data originating in the UK.
Our Standard Contractual Clauses entered into by our group companies and with our third-party service providers and partners can be provided on request. Please note that some sensitive commercial information will be redacted. If you have any questions or concerns related to international data transfers, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Data Privacy Framework
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to (i) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles  with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the UK (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and (ii)the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (collectively, the “DPF Principles”).  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The types of personal information we receive in the U.S., as well as the purposes for which we collect and use it, are set out in Sections II and III titled “The personal information we process” and “How we use your personal information (our purposes) and our legal basis for processing it”. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where personal information we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party, or is to be used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you otherwise wish to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Information about the types of third parties to which we disclose personal information and the purposes for which we do so is described in Section VI titled “How we share your personal information and who we share it with”.
If we have received your personal information in the U.S. and subsequently transfer that information to a third party acting as an agent, and such third-party agent processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, we will remain liable unless we can prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are located in the EEA, UK (inc. Gibraltar) or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend, or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us via the contact details provided below. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity and we will respond to your request in accordance with the DPF Principles and applicable data protection laws. You may also opt-out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from us by writing to us at the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Liftoff Mobile, Inc. at:
DPO@liftoff.io
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF-related complaints or disputes within forty-five (45) days of receipt.
We commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolutionfor more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. If your complaint is not resolved by us or by JAMS, you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Please see
here
for additional information.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. We may be required to disclose personal information we handle under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We reserve the right to amend this section from time to time consistent with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF requirements.
VI. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHO WE SHARE IT WITH
We do not sell your personal information in personally identifiable form to anyone. However, we do share your personal information with third parties as described below. If you have consented to us sharing your personal information but later change your mind, you may contact us and we will cease any such activity.
Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You will be able to recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is necessary and related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies. This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information that we collect through the Site and Services. If you have any questions about these practices, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and people, for example cloud service providers (“Third Party Service Providers”), such as Amazon Web Services, Dropbox, Salesforce and
Unity Technologies
to perform tasks e.g., provide computer and network infrastructure services on our behalf or as advertising exchange partners and we may need to share your information with them to provide products or Services to you. We only share your personal information with Third Party Service Providers to the extent necessary for them to assist us and they do not have any right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We may also work with Google to deliver the best advertising opportunities to its clients through the use of remarketing tags. Traffic Clients and other data subjects can consult Google’s policies to learn more about Google’s processing policies
here
.
Third Party Digital Advertising Partners
If you are a Targeted End User, we will share data about you with Partners, to be used by those Partners for advertising-related purposes, including establishing (on behalf of advertisers) whether to bid on the opportunity to show you ads. When we share data in this manner, we will also share with the relevant Partner details about whether you have consented to, or objected to, the use of your data by the Partner for specified purposes.
Group Companies
We may provide your personal information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf to provide the Site and the Services to you. These parties are required to process such information based on our instructions and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. They do not have any independent right to share this information.
Compliance with laws and legal proceedings
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Merger or Acquisition
If Liftoff Mobile, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
VII. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us.  Whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the personal information that you provide to us, no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer over the Internet to us
We take appropriate steps to pseudonymize your personal information. For Targeted End Users, the advertising device IDs (which are the only per-user identifiers that we track, and can be reset by the user at any time) are SHA1-hashed before insertion. Since SHA1 is a one-way hashing algorithm, the original raw advertising device ID cannot be reverse-engineered from the hashed version.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
VIII. DATA RETENTION
If you have provided us with personal information for the purposes of holding an account with us, we will retain your information (including personal information) for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services.
If we hold information about you through any other means we shall only process this information for as long as is necessary for the purpose and in any event for no longer than 28 days.
Information relating to Targeted End Users is retained for 30 days in pseudonymized form before it is automatically deleted from our active database. Backups are stored indefinitely.
We will delete it after the timescales stated above, except we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
IX. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
We perform the following automated decision-making processes using your personal information:
To build lookalike targeting models to target users who are similar to the Customer’s existing users. Our Machine Learning does this automatically for every Customer. The more upfront device IDs Liftoff has, the more beneficial this is.
For power predictive ML features e.g. users who have purchased in the past are much more likely to purchase again in the future
To exclude existing users from User Acquisition campaigns, and power targeting rules for re-engagement campaigns e.g. target users who have registered but not purchased.
We have implemented measures to safeguard the rights and interests of individuals whose personal data is subject to automated decision-making. Our technical and organizational security measures can be provided on request.
When we make an automated decision about you, you have the right to contest the decision, to express your point of view, and to require a human review of the decision. You can exercise this right by contacting us using the contact details provided under Section IV titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
X. YOUR RIGHTS
Opting-out of interest-based advertising from Liftoff
As described in this Privacy Policy, third parties may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on, for example, your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements by clicking
here
(or if located in the EEA, click
here
)
. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
Refer to our
opt out page
for instructions on how to opt-out of interest-based advertising when you are a Targeted End User.
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at DPO@liftoff.io at any time. You have the following rights:
Right of access.  You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you.  You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the UK or EEA.
Right to correct or update your personal information.  You have a right to request a correction or update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect.
Right to request deletion of your personal information.  You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
Right to restrict use of your information. You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to opt-out or stop marketing communications. You have a right to ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.  You may contact us using the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose but we will still send you non-promotional emails (as applicable), such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Right to data portability. You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services. This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract; and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means.
Right to object.  You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. Contact details for supervisory authorities in the EEA are available
here
and for the UK
here
.  Certain supervisory authorities will require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.  We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
XI. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use). If you are under 16, please do not attempt to use the Site or register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to us or use the Site or the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible unless your parent or guardian has provided us with their consent for your use of our Site or Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
XII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
XIII. COMPLAINTS, QUESTIONS AND SUGGESTIONS
We have a Data Protection Officer to assist with all queries regarding our processing of personal information who can be contacted at DPO@liftoff.io. If you have complaints about our Site or Services, please contact us at: DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
In the EEA/ UK, you may contact our representatives:
Jurisdiction
Representative
EEA
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff GmBH
Torstrabe 146/Linienstrabe 86, 10119, Berlin, Germany
UK
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff Mobile Limited
Drapers House, 76-78 Clerkenwell Road, EC1M 5QA, London, UK
You may also make a compliant to the appropriate data protection authority for data protection matters or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Manage consent
Sub-policy 31
https://simpli.fi/simpli-fi-services-privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Our Solutions
Media Buying Solutions
→
Programmatic Media
Addressable
CTV
Mobile
Video
Display
Native
Audio
Omnichannel
Social
Google Ads (SEM)
Youtube
Campaigns
Political
DTC
Retail Media
Software Management Solutions
→
Accounting
Agency Integration
Budgets and Forecasts
Billing
Payables and Receivables
Media Accounting
Reporting
Media Planning
Media Planning Workflow
Broadcast Management
Digital Management
Performance and Analytics
Project Management
Communication and Collaboration
Project Financials
Managing Tasks and Assignments
Our Platform
Demand Side Platform
Autopilot AI
Pro Self-Service
Advanced API
Managed Service
Resources & Insights
The Latest
Simpli.fi TV
Case Studies
Webinars
Platform Training & Development
About Us
Who We Are
Leadership
Careers
Press Room
Contact us
Login
Our Solutions
Our Platform
Resources & Insights
About Us
Contact us
Login
Our Solutions
Media Buying Solutions
→
Programmatic Media
Addressable
CTV
Mobile
Video
Display
Native
Audio
Omnichannel
Social
Google Ads (SEM)
Youtube
Campaigns
Political
DTC
Retail Media
Software Management Solutions
→
Accounting
Agency Integration
Budgets and Forecasts
Billing
Payables and Receivables
Media Accounting
Reporting
Media Planning
Media Planning Workflow
Broadcast Management
Digital Management
Performance and Analytics
Project Management
Communication and Collaboration
Project Financials
Managing Tasks and Assignments
Our Platform
Demand Side Platform
Autopilot AI
Pro Self-Service
Advanced API
Managed Service
Resources and Insights
The Latest
Simpli.fi TV
Case Studies
Webinars
Platform Training & Development
About Us
Who We Are
Leadership
Careers
Press Room
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy Services Privacy Policy
Services Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how Simplifi Holdings, LLC
(“Simplifi,” “we” or “us”)
collects, receives, uses, retains, processes, discloses, transfers, and secures Personal Information through our suite of advertising services
(“Advertising Services”)
. It also describes your choices regarding use, access, deletion, and correction of your Personal Information. Our clients, including advertisers or publishers, are referred to in this Policy as “Advertising Customers.” All references to “you,” “your” or “user” apply to consumers whose Personal Information we collect for our Advertising Services. For information about our data practices on our website located at
https://simpli.fi
, or our online client portal located at
https://app.simpli.fi/login
, please review our
Website Privacy Policy
.
“Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy is information about you that is personally identifying or could reasonably be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, or telephone number. The definition of Personal Information depends on the laws that apply in your location and may include other types of information as well, such as location data (including precise geo- location data), your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your mobile advertising identifier, or another unique identifier. This Privacy Policy covers information we collect online only, unless local law requires otherwise.
1. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically for any changes. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on our website prior to the change becoming effective.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Simplifi provides its online Advertising Services to Advertising Customers through site retargeting, search retargeting, contextual retargeting, Facebook API, and location-based services including geolocation of Internet users (“
GeoFencing
”). These services are generally provided through third-party websites owned and/or operated by our Advertising Customers who publish their own content on the Internet.
We may receive Personal Information such as physical addresses from our Advertising Customers, which we de-identify and use for GeoFencing and to provide analytical reports to our Advertising Customers. We may also obtain information from third-party data providers, such as physical addresses and information about consumer characteristics such as demographics and predicted interests.
Through our Advertising Services, we collect information about users’ online activities over time and across non-affiliated web sites, mobile applications, or online services, as applicable, and across multiple devices including connected TVs. We collect information about your device and your visit(s) to websites, apps, and online services, such as browser type and version, Internet service provider (ISP), mobile operating system, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, responses by a web visitor to an advertisement delivered by us or a third party, and/or clickstream data.
We also collect information that identifies your devices, which may be considered Personal Information. This information can include, for example, IP addresses, mobile advertising identifiers, and cookie identifiers. Simplifi collects Precise Location Data (as defined by the NAI) for your device when, for example, a user makes such information available through a third-party mobile application or webpage on a particular device. Simplifi may receive this Precise Location Data from third-party partners. Simplifi also engages in cross-device linking.
We may combine all of the information that we collect to provide our Advertising Services.
3. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION
We use cookies, JavaScript, and similar technologies to provide our Advertising Services. Among these technologies, we employ a software technology called clear gifs (or web beacons), that help us better manage the advertising content on our network of third-party sites. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online activities of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. In compliance with the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and its Accountability and Self-Regulatory Framework, we do not tie the device identifying information gathered by clear gifs to personally identifiable information except as put forth by the NAI Accountability and Self-Regulatory Framework.
In performing our Advertising Services, we collect information in multiple ways, including:
on our own websites
on the websites of publishers or Advertising Customers,
when we serve online advertisements, and
from third party providers.
The collection of this data about your online activities across non-affiliated properties and linked devices allows us and our Advertising Customers to better target advertising to user interests. This process is called interest-based advertising. The Advertising Services include various analytics and measurement services as well. The data also allows us to improve our services, for example, improving the effectiveness of the advertisements delivered to users and limiting the number of times a person sees a given advertisement.
4. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share the information we collect with other parties for our business reasons, including the following:
We share your Personal Information with our affiliates and third-party vendors who provide services on our behalf.
We can disclose Personal Information to provide our Advertising Services, including disclosures to our Advertising Customers to enable them to serve interest-based advertisements to user devices based on the user’s browsing history and online activities.
Simplifi may also disclose any information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with legal process served on Simplifi, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Simplifi; (3) protect the personal safety of users of Simplifi, its Advertising Services, or other services; (4) provide updates and services that may be of interest to the user; or (5) prevent online fraud or other cyber threats, for example through an online threat exchange, or to report, detect and/or prevent security events.
Simplifi is required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Simplifi may disclose Personal Information with notice or with your consent, where permitted by law.
5. SALE OF ASSETS
In the event that Simplifi is involved in a potential or actual merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, including in bankruptcy, we reserve the right to include, disclose and transfer any or all stored Personal Information and other data among the assets transferred to the acquiring company. If this occurs, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or material changes in uses of your Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information.
6. YOUR CHOICES
Opting Out of Simplifi Targeted Advertising on Your Browser
Simpli.fi engages in interest-based advertising activities, including cross-device linking, as described above. To learn more information on interest-based advertising, please visit the NAI’s FAQ on digital advertising
here
. If you would like to stop receiving interest-based advertising from Simplifi on your browser,
click here
. By doing so, Simplifi will replace your unique cookie with an “opt-out” flag that will prevent us from serving you interest-based advertising. An opt-out choice means that we no longer use or transfer data from the opted-out device for targeted advertisements, and we no longer use data collected on other devices to inform advertisements on that device. We will still collect and store information through such cookies for other purposes such as metrics and analytics and we may still serve you advertising, but it will not be tailored for you. Because cookies are browser specific, if you use more than one browser or device, you will need to make your opt-out choice on each browser or device that you use. To do so, point each browser that you use to this page, and click on the opt-out link above. Please note that you will need to set the Simplifi opt-out cookie again in some cases, for example, under the following circumstances: you buy a new computer or device, delete cookies from your browser, or upgrade or change the browser of your existing computer or device.
Simplifi is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and are members in good standing with the NAI. Additional information on the NAI and its Accountability and Self-Regulatory Framework can be viewed at
https://thenai.org/self-regulatory-framework/
.
Simplifi also licenses the AdChoices icon from the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) at
http://digitaladvertisingalliance.org/
and the DAAC at
http://youradchoices.ca
for the purpose of providing enhanced notice and to inform users when they are being behaviorally targeted and to provide an opportunity to opt out.
Simplifi makes every effort to ensure adherence to the self-regulatory principles of the DAA and the DAAC.
To opt-out of interest-based advertising by other companies participating in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (
http://optout.aboutads.info/
) and mobile application-based “AppChoices” download page (
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)’s consumer opt-out page (
http://youronlinechoices.eu
)
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).
For information on how to opt-out of Connected TV (CTV) data collection and to activate other CTV privacy features, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s Internet Connected TV Choices: (
https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/
)
DO NOT TRACK
We currently honor Do Not Track signals transmitted by browsers by treating this signal as an opt out of interest-based advertising.
OPTING OUT FROM SIMPLIFI’S LOCATION-BASED ADVERTISING
You may opt out of our collection, use, and transfer of precise location data for location-based advertising purposes, by using the location services controls in your mobile device’s settings.
ACCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
You may request to access your Personal Information that we hold, as well as to correct, amend or delete information when it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) or when otherwise required by law. To make such requests, please contact us at
privacy@simpli.fi
or please fill out this
WEBFORM
to exercise your rights. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity. We will respond to these requests in accordance with the laws that apply to you and within a reasonable timeframe. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your information. We may deny a request in some cases when permitted by law, such as when the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated.
7. INTERNATIONAL OR CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
By providing Personal Information and/or by communicating with us by email, you acknowledge and expressly consent to our processing and disclosure of your Personal Information outside your country. The Personal Information of users who are located outside the U.S. may be transferred to the U.S., where our servers are located and where it will be processed and stored on servers in the U.S. Individuals from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, please see the section below on “Cross-Border Transfers from Europe” for more information.
8. EU DATA SUBJECTS: PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We process Personal Information with your consent. On other occasions, we may process Personal Information when we need to do so to fulfill a contract (for example, for billing purposes) or where required to do this by law. If necessary, we may also process Personal Information when it is in our legitimate interests to do this (e.g., for auditing purposes or for fraud detection) and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
EU data subjects may have rights to access, portability, to revoke consent, to correct, delete, and/or object to or restrict processing of the Personal Information you provide to us. You can email a request to us at privacy@simpli.fi. We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe and in accordance with the law that applies to you. Sometimes a request in relation to your Personal Information may not apply to certain information, such as information we may keep to comply with legal requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Simplifi commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Simplifi commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the European Union;
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in Switzerland;
Or the
UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United Kingdom
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit the appropriate DPF-relevant web page above for more information or to file a complaint. The services of above are provided at no cost to you.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
Simplifi does not transfer personal information to third-party countries or organizations. In the future, should any transfers of personal information to third parties be required, Simplifi shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Simplifi will be subject to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses or certification schemes, to ensure that the information remains protected in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
9. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS FROM EUROPE
Simplifi relies on safeguards such as the SCCs to receive Personal Information from the European Union, United Kingdom and Switzerland. Simplifi complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Simplifi has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Simplifi has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Under certain conditions, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, as described more fully on the Data Privacy Framework website here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/How-to-Submit-a-Complaint-Relating-to-a-Participating-Organization-s-Compliance-with-the-DPF-Principles-dpf
10. US Privacy Rights
Some U.S. residents have certain rights under various state laws with respect to Personal Information processed by Simplifi. Additionally, Simplifi is subject to the investigatory enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). This section contains disclosures required by those laws and explains the rights that may be available to you.
Personal Information We Collect and Disclose for a Business Purpose
In the past 12 months, we have collected, and disclosed to third parties, the following categories of Personal Information about users, for our business or commercial purposes:
Personal and online identifiers (such as email address, postal address, or unique online identifiers)
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
Geolocation information (including precise location derived from your device)
Inferences reflecting potential interests or characteristics, including race/ethnicity, health and wellness interests, and political interests.
Categories of Sources
We collect this Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
Our Advertising Customers;
Our service providers;
Affiliates not under the Simplifi brand; and
Third party data providers.
Categories of Recipients
We may disclose all of the categories of Personal Information listed above to our service providers, to affiliates not under the Simplifi brand, and to other entities for purposes like legal compliance, as described in the “Information Sharing and Disclosure” section of this Privacy Policy above.
We share all of the categories of Personal Information listed above to our business customers for interest-based advertising (also called targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising). This may be considered a sale in some states. We do not otherwise sell Personal Information about users for our Advertising Services.
Why We Collect, Use, and Share Personal Information
We use and disclose the personal information we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Collect and Use Information” and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” sections of this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights Regarding Personal Information
Some U.S. residents have certain rights under various state laws with respect to the Personal Information collected by businesses. If you are a resident of one of these states, you may exercise the following rights regarding Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether Simplifi is processing Personal Information about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the Personal Information we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories of Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information , our purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information , the categories of Personal Information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared Personal Information.
The
right to access
the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
The
right to request that we delete
the Personal Information we have collected about you.
The
right to opt out
of the processing (including sharing) of Personal Information for interest-based (also called targeted or cross-context behavioral) advertising. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
Depending on your state,
the right to limit Simplifi’s processing of certain “sensitive” Personal Information
about you (or to withdraw consent for such processing if you previously gave it).
The
right not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the following information and submit the required verifying information, as further described below:
If you reside in a state, country or region that provides individuals with the rights to access, correct, or delete your personal data, please fill out this
WEBFORM
to exercise your rights. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity.
By email at privacy@simpli.fi
By phone at 800.840.0768
For residents of certain states, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by sending an email with the subject line “Appeal” to
privacy@simpli.fi
.
Verification Process and Required Information
Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled.
Authorized Agent
For residents of certain states, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make a request on your behalf. An authorized agent may submit a request through the methods provided above.
Minors’ Right to Opt In
We do not knowingly sell, or share for interest-based advertising, Personal Information about minors under 16 years of age.
11. DATA RETENTION
We retain the information we collect through our Advertising Services for a minimum of 30 days, or longer if needed for auditing purposes. We do not retain any data collected for interest-based advertising longer than 24 months in an identifiable form, except as required by law.
We retain other Personal Information in compliance with applicable laws and as reasonably necessary for our processing purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. When it is no longer necessary for us to process Personal Information for these purposes, we will deidentify, aggregate, or delete this data.
12. SECURITY
Simplifi uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information and to protect it against loss or unauthorized use or disclosure.
13. CONTACT US
If you have inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy please contact Simplifi at:
privacy@simpli.fi
or:
Chief Privacy Officer
c/o Paul Harrison, CTO
Simplifi Holdings LLC
128 East Exchange Avenue, Suite 700
Fort Worth, TX 76164 USA
Where Simplifi acts as a controller with respect to Personal Information processed through the Advertising Services, the controller of Personal Information is:
Simplifi Holdings, LLC
128 East Exchange Avenue, Suite 700
Fort Worth, TX 76164 USA
For EU Inquiries:
Data Protection Officer
c/o Henrik Duedahl Høyer, DPO
Simplifi Europe IVS (designated EU representative)
c/o Amalie 6 ApS
Amaliegade 6. 2. tv.
DK – 1256 Copenhagen K
Denmark
Terms and Conditions
Please read our Terms and Conditions at
www.simpli.fi/terms
as they also govern your use of the Site and our Advertising Services.
Let's Connect
Interested in learning more about career opportunities at Simpli.fi? Drop us a line and we’ll be in touch.
First name*
Last name*
Company name*
Email*
Phone number
Web URL*
Company description*
Local/Regional Advertiser
Brand - National Advertiser
Advertising Agency ≤10 employees
Advertising Agency ≥11 employees
Network or Publisher
Data Provider - DMP
Other
I agree to the
terms of the privacy policy.
Contact Us
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. For more information, please visit our
Website Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 32
https://reklamup.com/privacy.php:
Privacy Policy
Arsus Technologies Ltd (“ReklamUp”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is a Google MCM (Multiple Customer Management) partner ad network that 
provides monetization services to websites and mobile apps.
ReklamUp is committed to being transparent about its data processes and the data collects.
Any data we collect is processed in accordance with regional privacy laws, including GDPR in Europe.
We provide website or app ads via Google Ad Exchange by using Google Ad Manager. See Google Ad Manager and AdX program policies
here
.
Data Collection and Use
If you are a visitor of the apps and websites that we monetize, we may collect certain non-personal, anonymized and 
aggregated information:
- Device model
- Operating system
- Name of website or mobile app
- Country
- City
- Internet connection type
- Internet browser
By collecting these information, we are able to deliver our services and improve them.
We do not collect nor process any personal data.
Data Sharing
We may share information we collect with:
- We may transfer information to our service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing 
technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, 
providing customer service, or facilitating payments.
- We may share your information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law.
Manage Your Data
To limit collection of information and interest based advertising, you can opt out
here
.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection
We do not collect any personal data for children under the age of 13 (or 16 in some EU countries).
We may collect non-personal data such as device type or browser.
Security
We take all precautions to keep your information safe. We may keep your information for up to 2 years unless you want it to be deleted.
ReklamUp Website Privacy Policy
- We may collect personal information about you through our Service when you register for an account, such as your name, phone number, email address and payment information.
- We may also collect certain types of technical and usage information automatically, including through cookies and other similar tracking technologies. This information allows us to optimize our website.
- We collect this information with your explicit consent in accordance with GDPR article 6(1)(a) .
- We may use the information we collect through our website to communicate with you, to make payments and provide support.
- We only share your information with your consent or for legal purposes.
Cookies
Our website does not use cookies.
Your Rights
You can request the data we collect about you, request us to delete or update your data by contacting us.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at support@reklamup.com
Sub-policy 33
https://premiumads.net/privacy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This document contains the Premium Ads Privacy Policy. Its purpose is to establish the rules for the collection, storage, use, treatment and disposal of data and information eventually collected during the use of our solutions, and also while browsing the company’s website. In addition, through this Policy, we demonstrate our commitment to the privacy and protection of Personal Data, establishing, in a clear and transparent way, rules on the Processing of Personal Data of Users of
premiumads.com.br
websites in accordance with current legislation.
Premium Ads is a legal entity governed by private law, specifically a limited liability company, legally constituted, registered under CNPJ 24.633.759.0001-70, under the corporate name PREMIUM PUBLICIDADE E MARKETING LTDA, headquartered at Avenida Paissandu, 526 -Sala 12C – Maringá, Paraná. CEP: 87050-130.
The company’s main product is an advertising monetization system that inserts programming codes into the client’s website, optimizing their ad revenue.
GLOSSARY
Definitions and descriptions for your better understanding
Data
: Any information entered, processed or transmitted through the website.
Personal Data
: Data relating to the identified or identifiable natural person.
Anonymization
: Use of reasonable technical means available at the time of Treatment, through which data loses the possibility of association, directly or indirectly, with an individual.
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
: Person appointed by Premium Ads to act as a communication channel between the controller, data subjects and the National Data Protection Authority (ANPD).
Cloud Computing
: Or cloud computing, it is a service virtualization technology built from the interconnection of more than one server through a common information network (eg the Internet), with the objective of reducing costs and increasing availability. of sustained services.
Website : Designates the
premiumads.com.br
electronic address and its subdomains.
Access Account
: Credential required to use or access the exclusive features of the site.
Cookies
: Small files sent by the website, saved on the User’s devices, which store preferences and little other information, in order to customize their navigation according to the User’s profile.
IP
: Abbreviation for Internet Protocol. It is an alphanumeric set that identifies Users’ devices on the Internet;
Timestamp
: It is a timestamp that allows synchronization between time zones.
Logs
: Logs of activities of any Users who use the site.
Session ID
: Identification of the Users session when accessing the site.
Only automated decisions: These are decisions that affect a user that have been programmed to function automatically, without the need for a human operation, based on automated processing of personal data.
Treatment
: Any operation carried out with Personal Data, such as those relating to the collection, production, reception, classification, use, access, reproduction, transmission, distribution, processing, archiving, storage, elimination, evaluation or control of information, modification, communication , transfer, diffusion or extraction.
WHAT DATA CAN WE COLLECT?
During the user journey using the Premium Ads software, the following data is collected:
a) Full name, e-mail, cell phone, zip code, address, and bank details for payment of the billing earned with the advertisements.
Although you are free to fill in all the data mentioned above, that is, you can fill in or not, according to your will, therefore, if you fill them in, it is understood that you are consenting freely, expressly and unequivocally, to the treatment of the data collected for the purpose of managing and paying for your advertisements.
The legal basis that justifies the processing of the above data is Consent.
b) During navigation on our website we collect the following data: IP and time (timestamp). Such data is collected from the use of first-party trackers ( first-
party cookies
), that is, only to enable the platform to function, and to determine access metrics by different users. We do not adopt targeted advertising practices or share this data for economic purposes.
If you do not want to give this information, disable the use of cookies in your browser. For that, we leave here the way to do it in the different browsers, just click on the name of the one you use:
Google Chrome
,
Internet Explorer
,
Firefox
, and
Safari
.
In this case, only those data that refer to natural persons are considered personal, and therefore bound by the provisions of the General Data Protection Law. For example, if a person, to access our systems, enters the data of the legal entity to which he is linked, such as institutional e-mail, this data is outside the scope of application of this law.
This data may also be used for the purpose of communicating with the user, in order to provide customer support.
DATA SHARING
For the purposes of market intelligence research, dissemination of data to the press and advertising, the data provided by the User will be shared anonymously, that is, in a way that does not allow their identification. Finally, the data will be automatically shared in the event of corporate changes, such as mergers, acquisitions and incorporations, when you will receive a communication regarding this management change.
COMMUNICATION WITH THE USER
The data provided by the user may be used to establish communication with the same. In this case, it should be noted that any and all communication from Premium Ads with its Users will only be with the aim of providing relevant notifications about the use of its platform and its products and features. It is already noted that Premium Ads does not send any type of SPAM.
Premium Ads messages are only sent to the email registered by the user. Premium Ads does not collect emails from mailing lists, non-commercial websites and does not practice any type of purchase or sale of email lists.
Premium Ads communications are only sent to emails registered by the Users themselves and their receipt can be interrupted at any time, through a link located at the end of the messages or by sending a message to
contact@premiumads.net
. Any email deletion request will be promptly responded to.
UPDATE AND DATA VERACITY
Considering the impossibility of unilaterally altering the data entered by the user in the registration platform for access to Premium Ads systems, the updating and veracity of the information provided by the user are entirely their responsibility.
Likewise, Premium Ads is not obligated to process or process any of your Data if there is reason to believe that such processing or treatment may accuse us of any breach of any applicable law, or if the User is using the website for any illegal purposes. , illicit or contrary to morality.
DATA ACCESS
Internally, the Personal Data collected is accessed only by duly authorized professionals, not exceeding any legal limit and respecting the principles of proportionality, necessity and relevance for our business objectives, in addition to the commitment to confidentiality and preservation of your privacy under the terms of this Policy. .
STORAGE
RETENTION PERIOD
It is possible that Users’ information may remain stored even after their account is closed. This storage may occur if it is mandatory to comply with obligations of a judicial, legal or regulatory nature, to avoid fraud or misuse, as well as to ensure strict compliance with this Privacy Policy and other contracts that regulate the relationship between Premium Ads and Users. .
The maximum storage time, after the end of the contract, will be 5 (five) years, after which the data will be anonymized and discarded. If the right to withdraw consent is exercised, the data will be immediately deleted from our databases, and we will advise customers to do the same within one month.
The digital identification data, collected through the use of trackers (cookies), will be kept in our database for six months, in accordance with the Civil Rights Framework for the Internet.
For auditing, security, fraud control, credit protection and rights preservation purposes, Premium Ads may keep the User Data registration history for a longer period in the cases that the law or regulatory rule so establishes or for the preservation of rights.
At the end of the maintenance period and the legal need, Personal Data will be deleted using secure disposal methods, or used anonymously for statistical purposes.
STORAGE LOCATION
The Data collected is currently stored by Microsoft Azure, with the cloud storage service. You can access the Azure website at https://www.azure.microsoft.com/en-us
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We protect your data through private access security technology and monitored control.
HOW CAN YOU PROTECT YOUR DATA?
It is very important that the User protect their Data against unauthorized access to their computer, account or password, in addition to making sure to always click on “exit” when ending their browsing on a shared computer. It is also very important that the User knows that Premium Ads does not send electronic messages requesting confirmation of data or with attachments that can be executed (extensions: .exe, .com, among others) or even links to eventual downloads.
HOW CAN I EXERCISE MY RIGHTS PROVIDED FOR IN THE LGPD?
The User may exercise their rights, provided for in articles 18 to 22 of the General Data Protection Law, through the support channel
contact@premiumads.net
Some of the rights you can exercise in this way are: request confirmation of the existence of Personal Data processing, request the display of the personal data we hold about you, Express your opposition and/or revoke consent to the use of your data. personal data, request the deletion of your Personal Data that has been collected by Premium Ads.
If the User withdraws his consent for fundamental purposes for the proper functioning of the website and services, access and/or services will become unavailable.
If the User requests the deletion of their Personal Data, in which case they will immediately lose access to the website services, it may occur that the Data need to be kept for a period longer than the deletion request, pursuant to article 16 of the General Data Protection Law. Personal, for (i) compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation, (ii) study by a research body, and (iii) transfer to a third party (respecting the data processing requirements set out in the same Law). In all cases through the anonymization of Personal Data, as far as possible and commitment to not sharing this information, something that will be informed to third parties with whom this data is being shared.
INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Premium Ads reserves the right to change the content of this Policy at any time, according to the purpose or need, such as for legal adequacy and compliance with a law or rule that has equivalent legal force, and it is up to the User to verify it whenever access the website or use our services. In the event of updates to this document that require a new collection of consent, the User will be notified through their email address and/or their first access to the platform (website or app) after the change.
If any point of this Policy is considered unenforceable by a Data Authority or a court, the other conditions will remain in full force and effect. In case of any doubt regarding the provisions contained in this Privacy and Data Processing Policy, the User may contact us through the service channel indicated below, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, as a response time for up to 10 (ten) calendar days.
CONFLICT RESOLUTION FORUM
This Policy will be interpreted in accordance with Brazilian legislation, in the Portuguese language, and the forum of your domicile will be elected to settle any dispute involving this document, except for specific exception of personal, territorial or functional competence by applicable legislation.
If you do not have a domicile in Brazil, and due to the services offered by the Company only in the national territory, you are subject to Brazilian legislation, therefore agreeing that in the event of a dispute to be resolved, the action must be filed in the Judicial District of Maringá – Paraná.
Maringá, Paraná, October 5, 2021
Sub-policy 34
https://www.start.io/privacy-faq/:
Publishers
AI Driven Monetization
Download the SDK
Advertising Solutions
Device-based audience segmentation
Curation
Maia – Mobile AI Audience
About us
Company
Career
Press
Log in
Sign up
Privacy FAQ
What Types Of Data Does Start.io Collect?
Start.io (formerly StartApp collects information about mobile devices, including information such as the device model, the operating system, the device advertising ID, apps, the carrier, or certain device settings. We also collect data about interactions with certain installed applications and/or advertisements within those applications. Data profiles are built exclusively using the device’s advertising ID, or the anonymous identification number associated with a unique device.
Is Start.io Data First-Party?
Yes, our data is first-party data. The majority of our data is coming from our proprietary SDK and the rest from different direct integrations with partners.
How Is Your SDK Present on So Many Apps?
When Start.io (formerly StartApp) was founded in 2010, we were primarily a solution for app developers who wanted to monetize their apps and have since moved towards providing broader mobile data and technology solutions. We’ve been fostering this developer community for many years now with thousands of new apps integrate with our SDK every month.
What Do You Do with That Data?
The data is used as part of our Start.io solutions including: Start.io Ad Platform – data is used to optimize in-app advertisements for our partner publishers, offer targeted advertising options to partner advertisers, and optimize our programmatic capabilities Start.io SODA Safeguard – data is used for user verification and validation for Safeguard partners Start.io SODA Audiences – data is used to build audience segments for the marketing and advertising initiatives of Audiences partners. Start.io SODA Data Co-Op – data is used to optimize the mobile user lifecycle from onboarding to churn for Data Co-Op partners.
Can Users Opt-Out of Tracking?
Yes, all iOS and Android users are able to opt-out of all data tracking through their phone and app settings.
Is the Start.io SDK Compliant with Google Play & Apple App Store Privacy Policies?
Yes, Start.io’s SDK is compliant with all of the most recent Google Play & App Store policies.
How Does Start.io Protect Partners Against Fraud?
Internally, we have a dedicated fraud prevention team whose main focus is to proactively prevent and detect any fraudulent sources by analyzing IPs, user behavior, mean time-to-install (MTTI), and more. We have developed fraud detector methods that analyze both real-time traffic and traffic that cannot be measured in real time.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link
Do not sell my personal information
.
Cookie settings
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Sub-policy 35
https://www.bigossp.com/agreement/privacyPolicy?v=v1.0.0:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Sub-policy 36
https://www.vrtcal.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/PrivacyPolicy-Advertising.pdf:

Sub-policy 37
https://www.epsilon.com/emea/privacy-policy-services:
EPSILON PRIVACY POLICY FOR SERVICES
Hier auf Deutsch:
https://legal.epsilon.com/eu/privacy-policy-services-de
En français ici :
https://legal.epsilon.com/eu/privacy-poliicy-services-fr
Last Modified: 31/07/2024
Epsilon, formerly also known as Conversant, is an advertising company. We are part of the Publicis Groupe, headquartered in France but with operations around the world. Our services help businesses find customers and keep the internet free. We encourage you to read the whole notice but if you wish to jump to a certain subject, please use the table below.
Privacy commitment and scope of this Privacy Policy
What does Epsilon do?
IAB Europe and the Transparency & Consent Framework
Device access
What Personal Data do we process?
Pseudonymous Personal Data
Direct Identifiable Personal Data
How Personal Data is used and lawful basis
Social media
Who do we share Personal Data with?
How long do we keep Personal Data?
Your rights
International transfers
Security
Self-regulation
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Definitions used in this Privacy Policy
Throughout this Privacy Policy we use several capitalised terms. You can find the definitions for these
here
.
Privacy commitment and scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) describes how Personal Data is collected and used by Epsilon when providing our Services. We care about your privacy and we want you to understand how we process Personal Data and what choices you have with regards to it. We have taken steps to provide you with this information as clear and easy as possible, but if you have any questions you can always
Contact us
.
We believe that data protection is essential to the growth and prosperity of the Internet and that a personalised experience online can provide significant benefits to users if done properly. In accordance with these believes, Epsilon creates results for advertisers in revolutionary ways without compromising users’ privacy or data protection.
By getting familiar with this Privacy Policy, you have taken the first step in understanding how advertising businesses such as ours help contribute to the Internet’s ability to remain a diverse ecosystem of free content, as well as provide a better digital browsing experience.
What does Epsilon do?
While you visit digital properties, such as websites and mobile applications, there are almost always third-parties working behind the scenes to help provide you with a great digital experience. These companies provide services such as analytics, advertising and fraud prevention for retailers, publishers, and other organisations. Epsilon is one of these companies and we help provide the advertising that keeps your favourite blogs free, your favourite stores in business, and your advertising experience more relevant.
Epsilon provides its clients with digital advertising and personalised content across the Internet. To make some of these things possible, and to make smarter decisions, we need to use information that is considered Personal Data.
IAB Europe and the Transparency & Consent Framework
The Interactive Advertising Bureau in Europe (“
IAB EU
”) launched its Transparency and Consent Framework (“
TCF
”) in April 2018. The TCF is an industry tool that supports companies within the digital advertising ecosystem to manage their compliance obligations under Data Protection Laws, and it provides a standardised way to provide notice and choice across the Internet. You can read more about the TCF
here
.
Epsilon participates in the IAB EU’s TCF and complies with its specifications and policies. Epsilon’s identification number as a vendor within the TCF is 24.
Device access
We will only use Cookies or otherwise access your device if you have provided us with consent to do so, as required by the ePrivacy Directive
and/or the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR). You may have provided us with consent through a CMP on our website, on one of our clients or partners digital properties or elsewhere across the Internet. You can review and change your choices at any time by clicking on “Review Consent Preferences” in the footer of our
website
, or by changing your choices in another CMP. Withdrawing your consent in this way will apply only on the website/app you are visiting. If you want to withdraw your consent to Epsilon across the internet, please visit this
tool
.
However, certain essential Cookies do not require your consent. This includes Cookies that are essential to comply with the GDPR’s security principle as well as Cookies that help ensure that content of a page loads quickly and effectively by distributing the workload across numerous computers.
What Personal Data do we process?
Pseudonymous Personal Data
Epsilon uses Tags and Cookies to collect Pseudonymous Personal Data about the browser or device you are using, including Visitor Data and information about your browsing behaviour, such as what digital properties that you have visited and online transactions that you have made. This type of Pseudonymous Personal Data is processed whenever you visit digital properties and open emails where our Tags are implemented, including digital properties belonging to our clients and partners such as high street retailers.
We are a part of the digital advertising ecosystem and involved in activities such as Real-Time-Bidding (“
RTB
”). RTB is a set of technologies and practices used in programmatic advertising that enables advertisers to compete for available digital advertising space and place online adverts on digital properties by automated means. RTB allows for certain information to be sent to participants of the digital advertising ecosystem in Bid Requests. Bid Requests normally contain information that constitutes Personal Data, such a Visitor Data. This information is used by participants to evaluate the bid opportunity and respond with a bid price to serve an advert on the digital property. We only process Pseudonymised Personal Data that we receive in Bid Requests.
We perform Cookie syncs with advertising exchanges and other partners, such as
Eyeota
, which means that we receive and share Cookie IDs or other pseudonymized identifiers with each other. This enables us to recognise information about the user and determine whether we want to respond to a Bid Request or not.
We also partner with third parties to receive Pseudonymous Personal Data about transactions made by individuals. This type of Personal Data is mainly Processed to enhance our understanding about what individuals are interested in and what they might purchase in the future, including to create a personalised advertising and content profile, select personalised adverting and content and to measure advertising performance. We combine this type of Personal Data with other categories of Personal Data that we Process.
All location data we process is limited to non-precise location data (as defined by IAB EU’s TCF).
Direct Identifiable Personal Data
Some of our clients provide Direct Identifiable Personal Data such as name, address, email address and associated transactional information, to us. We also receive Direct Identifiable Personal Data from third-party partners we contract with.
The Directly Identifiable Personal Data we receive from our clients and partners is referred to as
data obtained offline
or
offline data sources
in the IAB EU’s TCF, and in this Privacy Policy as “
Offline Data
”. We process the Offline Data in a separate environment, and it is pseudonymised before it is processed for the purposes below. We annually engage a third-party auditor to confirm this pseudonymisation process.
How Personal Data is used and lawful basis
Purpose
Description
Lawful basis
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
Consent
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your online activity (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information on your previous activity on other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you. Your profile can be used to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests.
Consent
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
Consent
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your online activity (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you. Your profile can be used to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
Consent
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your online activity (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
Consent
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
Consent
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
Consent
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
Consent
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve our services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Consent
Use limited data to select content
Content presented to you can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
Consent
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you may encounter in your interaction with the content and ad.
Legitimate Interest
Deliver and present advertising and content
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Legitimate Interest
Save and communicate privacy choices
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
Legitimate Interest
In support of one or more of the purposes set out above we may use Personal Data that we hold to determine whether different devices are likely to belong to you or your household and to try and distinguish your device from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP address or browser type. This helps us develop a predictive profile of your interests across these different devices, including making sure we do not show you the same advert too often.
Offline Data we receive from our clients and partners will, before it is pseudonymised, be processed based on legitimate interest for receiving and storing purposes and to create a profile. We will only combine (pseudonymised) Offline Data related to you with other Pseudonymous Personal Data that we hold and process it for the above purposes if you have given us your prior consent. (Pseudonymised) Offline Data can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes set out above.
Epsilon’s legitimate interests for the purposes of (i) receiving and storing Offline Data; (ii) ensuring security, prevent fraud and debug; and (iii) for technically deliver ads or content include, providing our Services and ensuring that our clients are only paying for advertising that is viewed by a natural person (e.g. not a bot). Further information can be provided upon request.
Social media
We sometimes engage social media platforms to display direct marketing to you on their platform. We use “list-based” and “look-a-like” tools to do this. Using list-based tools involves the uploading of Personal Data to the social media platform in question (such as a list of email addresses). The platform then matches the uploaded Personal Data with its own user base. Any user that matches the uploaded list is added into a group that will be sent the selected marketing message. Look-a-like tools offer the ability to build other audiences based on the characteristics of an original audience that was created using a list-based tool. These audiences generally comprise of users that have not previously engaged, but who look like the list-based audience (i.e., they are users with similar interests, behaviours or characteristics). When creating this sort of audience, the social media platform uses Personal Data it has about other users of its platform to find users who match the interests and behaviours of users that are current customers. Examples include Facebook Custom Audiences or LinkedIn Contact Targeting. We will not undertake this processing unless you have provided us with consent for the purposes set out above, and we have contractual controls in place to ensure that the social media platform can only use the Personal Data we share to enable the provision of the Services. We are not responsible for the data practices of social media platforms and recommend you read their own privacy policies.
Who do we share Personal Data with?
We share your Personal Data:
With our Affiliates and processors that assist us in providing our Services.
With our clients. For example, we may share Personal Data collected by Tags on our clients’ digital properties to help our clients learn more about their visitors, and Personal Data collected when an advert is delivered to report on the performance of advertising and to help clients understand how often they are serving an advert to the same individual and to help them optimise.
With participants of the advertising ecosystem such as advertisers, publishers, advertising exchanges, data management platforms, demand side platforms and supply side platforms, to be able to participate in RTB activities.
With partners to enable personalised advertisements to be provided to users and visitors of their platforms. Partners include, but are not limited to, ITV.
With the Abacus Alliance UK, which is a cooperative operated by another part of Epsilon.  Personal Data will be used by Abacus Alliance UK to provide participating clients with better insight into their customers and assess, for example, whether an individual should be included on a mailing list for a specific postal marketing campaign. More information about how the Abacus Alliance UK processes your Personal Data and how to exercise any rights can be found
here
.
With social media platforms as described above.
Third-parties in the event of any reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stocks (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe necessary and appropriate: (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal processes and obligations; (c) to respond to requests from public and governmental authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How long do we keep Personal Data?
We retain all Personal Data in accordance with our data retention policy which abides by applicable law.  The retention period depends on the type of data. For example, we retain non-transactional Pseudonymous Personal Data we collect or receive online or through Bid Requests for no more than eighteen (18) months.
Your rights
In situations when we rely on consent to process your Personal Data you have the right
to withdraw your consent
at any time.
You can do that via the “Review Consent Preferences” in the footer of our
website
or via any CMP connected to the IAB EU’s TCF. A CMP will usually pop up on an EU/UK website you have not visited before that partners with advertising companies to provide you with personalised advertising and a better digital experience. Withdrawing your consent in this way will apply only on the website/app you are visiting. If you want to withdraw your consent to Epsilon across the internet, please visit our browser and device based tool
here
and our email based tool
here
.
You may also visit the European Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out page
here
. To learn how to opt out of receiving relevant advertisements on mobile applications, please visit
this page
.
We understand that you may be interested to know what Personal Data we hold about you and which advertising interest segments we believe to be connected to you (
access
). You can view this information and even
delete
it if you choose to do so by clicking
here
.
If you wish to exercise any other rights you might under Data Protection Laws (including
rectification
,
portability
and
restriction
), please
Contact Us
.
International transfers
In order to provide our Services, we transfer Personal Data to, and Process Personal Data in, countries outside the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom. More specifically our servers are located in Ireland, Netherlands, Singapore and the United States, and our processors operate around the world including the United States and India.
We have taken appropriate and suitable safeguards to ensure that your Personal Data will remain protected when transferred outside EU/EEA and the United Kingdom. This includes implementing Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of Personal Data adopted by the European Commission and/or the United Kingdom. Further information about our international transfers as well as the safeguards in place can be provided upon request.
Security
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect the Personal Data in our care, both during transmission and once we receive it. This includes physical and technical security measures to protect our Personal Data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, or alteration, and from unauthorised disclosure or access. Although, please note that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure.
Self-regulation
Our industry has a rigorous voluntary self-regulatory regime, and we are active members of industry groups such as the
Interactive Advertising Bureau
(IAB),
Interactive Advertising Bureau Europe
(IAB EU),
Interactive Advertising Bureau UK
(IAB UK),
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA),
European Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA) and
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
(DAAC). These groups promulgate codes of conduct and principles that impose requirements on participating members such as transparency and choice around the use of Personal Data for interest-based advertising, and some even require regular audits of member privacy practices. Such codes and principles include the
DAA Self-Regulatory Principles
, the
EDAA Self-Regulatory Principles
, and the
DAAC Self-Regulatory Principles
, which we all support.
Contact us
Epsilon International UK Ltd is the controller of the Personal Data that we process as described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any question about the processing, please
Contact Us
.
Our Data Protection Officer is tasked with informing and advising us on the obligations that apply to us under Data Protection Laws, as well as monitoring our compliance with the same.  If you need to contact our Data Protection Officer, please email us
here
. However, we respectfully ask that you only contact our Data Protection Officer regarding urgent matters relating to data protection.
As an EU resident, you have the right to report a concern to your country’s
Data Protection Authority.
UK residents can report a concern to the
Information Commissioner’s Office
. However, we respectfully request that you contact us first so that we can assist you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may occasionally make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we do, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make, and update the “Last Modified” date above.
Definitions used in this Privacy Policy
The technical nature of our Services means we need to keep referring to complex concepts.  Capitalised words have the following meanings:
“
Affiliates
” means any corporation which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Epsilon.
“
Cookies
” are small text files that are downloaded and stored onto your device (e.g. a computer or smartphone). Cookies allow us to recognise your device and store information about your preferences or past actions. In this Privacy Policy the definition of “Cookies” includes similar technologies that can write or read information on your device such as “Local Shared Objects” (sometimes called Flash Cookies), pixels and web-beacons. For more details on the Cookies we set for our Services, click
here
.
“
Data Protection Laws
” means (i) EU Regulation 2016/679 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) as tailored by the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (together “
GDPR
”); (ii) EU Directive 2002/58/EC (ePrivacy Directive); (iii) the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003; and (iv) any and all applicable national data protection laws made under or pursuant to (i) or (iii); in each case as may be amended or superseded from time to time.
“
Device IDs
” are unique identifiers associated with your device. These identifiers are assigned by your device’s operating system, such as Apple’s iOS and Google’s Play Services for Android. Device IDs can be reset in your device settings.
“
Directly Identifiable Personal Data
” is Personal Data that directly identifies an individual. This type of Persona Data includes information such as full name, home address, telephone number, and email address.
“
Epsilon
” means Epsilon International UK Ltd with company number 03610044, whose registered address is 1st Floor 2 Television Centre, 101 Wood Lane, London, England, W12 7FR.
“
Visitor Data
” includes (i) information that is sent to us by digital properties that have our Tags implemented, such as browser type, browser time, time of access, screen resolution, IP address, referring site URL, current site URL, and search strings; and (ii) information sent to us by advertising exchanges via "
Bid Requests
", which may include the information in (i) above and other information such as IP addresses, Device IDs, Cookie IDs, non-precise location data, demographic data and other information including audience segmentation. Visitor Data normally constitutes Personal Data.
“
Personal Data
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Information such as name, identification number, location data and an online identifier is considered Personal Data.
“
Pseudonymous Personal Data
” is Personal Data that cannot be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional information, for example 'John Smith' converted to “#12345”. Online identifiers such as Cookie IDs and Device IDs are usually considered Pseudonymous Personal Data.
“
Services
” means the adverting services that we provide to our clients, including services referred to as “Discovery”, “Prospect”, “Digital Media Solutions”, “CitrusAd” and other services that utilises our identity graph/CORE ID. The definition of “Services” does not include services that Epsilon provides to its clients as a processor (as defined by GDPR), including services referred to as “Messaging”, “Loyalty” and the “Abacus Alliance UK”.
“Tags”
are tiny snippets of code inserted into a digital property that is used to collect data related to a visit. In this Privacy Policy, the definition of “Tags” includes the use of an SDK (Software Development Kit) to enable the same functionality in mobile applications.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
168
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
Epsilon Privacy Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
Reject All
I Accept
Show Purposes
About Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent. You may exercise your right to consent, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. Some vendors may process your data based on their legitimate interests, which does not require your consent. You cannot object to tracking technologies placed to ensure security, prevent fraud, fix errors, or deliver and present advertising and content, and precise geolocation data and active scanning of device characteristics for identification may be used to support this purpose. This exception does not apply to targeted advertising. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. Some of these cookies are only set in response to requests made by you, such as setting your preferences, logging in or filling out forms. They may also be set for certain security purposes and network management. You can manage these types of cookies using your browser settings, but it may affect your ability to use our website.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting
These cookies are used to collect information about your browser, device and website visit and use such formation to provide you with personalised experiences and advertising on this website and others across the internet. If these cookies are disabled, your data will not be shared with third parties for this purpose.

If you are located in the United States, local law may provide you with the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. You may exercise your right to opt out of this activity by disabling targeting cookies using this toggle switch. Additionally, you may find further information about exercising your consumer rights under local law by visiting our privacy notice.
Cookies Details‎
Performance
These cookies allow us to engage in certain activities, such as counting visits and identifying traffic sources that assist us in measuring the performance of our website. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our website and will not be able to monitor our website’s performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and improve your experience. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services have been added to our website. If you do not allow these cookies, you may not receive the best experience when visiting our website and parts of our website may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
122 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Create profiles for personalised advertising
91 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
91 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Create profiles to personalise content
46 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised content
43 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
149 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Measure content performance
77 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Illustrations
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
89 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Develop and improve services
97 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
Use limited data to select content
49 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Illustrations
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 38
https://risecodes.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Risecodes.com-Privacy-Policy-March-23-2023.pdf:

Sub-policy 39
https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/:
Menu
Data Reinvented
Tailored Solutions & Services
Advertisers
Publishers
About Ogury
Content Center
Press
Blog
Awards
Events
Educational Videos
Case Studies
Contact Us
JA
Pub Login
Data Reinvented
Tailored Solutions & Services
Advertisers
Publishers
About Ogury
Content Center
Press
Blog
Awards
Events
Educational Videos
Case Studies
Contact Us
JA
Pub Login
Ogury Website and Customer Privacy and Cookie Notice
Ogury (“
Ogury
, “
we
”, or “
us
”) provides digital advertising and related services to publishers, agencies and brands (together the “
Services
”).
We also operate the websites www.ogury.com and www.ogury.co (the “
Websites
”). This Privacy Notice is intended to inform you about how Ogury collects, uses, shares and stores your personal data when you:
interact or use our Websites, including downloading materials from our resources page or requesting a demo; and
if you use any of our Services.
Specific additional terms for California residents Privacy Notice are listed here.If you are an end-user of an app or website that uses the digital advertising and related services we provide to our corporate customers, please click here.
1. WHAT PERSONAL DATA OGURY COLLECTS ABOUT YOU
1.1. Type of personal data collected
Personal data, means any information we hold which we can link to an identified person or a person that may be able to be identified.
As such, the following personal data may be collected by Ogury:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes address, email address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our Websites and Services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes our preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
1.2. Failure to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, you may not be able to use the Services or complete other have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services).
In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
If you fail to provide your personal data from our contact form, we may not be able to reach out and answer to your queries.
1.3. How do we collect personal data?
We collect personal data when you enter it on the Websites through contact forms or when you create an account for the use of the Services.
2. DATA USE
We will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
2.1. Websites
With regard to our Websites
To administer the Websites, for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical and survey purposes;
To improve our Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
For trend monitoring, marketing and advertising;
For purposes made clear to you at the time you submit your personal data – for example, to fulfill a request for a product demonstration or call back, to provide you with access to one of our webinars or a copy of a whitepaper, or to provide you with information you have requested about our Services; and
As part of our efforts to keep our Website secure.Our use of your personal data for the above is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring the security of the Websites and for our direct marketing purposes, or
your consent (e.g. when you request a demo or consent to the use of non-essential cookies on the Websites).
2.2. Services
We may use the personal data we collect from our customers (employees and contractors) their users in connection with the Services for a range of reasons, including to:
Set up a user account;
Provide, operate and maintain the Services;
Process and complete transactions and send related information, including transaction confirmations and invoices;
Manage our customers’ use of the Services, respond to enquiries and comments and provide customer service and support;
Send customers technical alerts, updates, security notifications and administrative communications;
Investigate and prevent fraudulent activities, unauthorized access to the Services and other illegal activities; and
For any other purposes about which we notify customers and users.We use your personal data for the above purposes based on the commercial agreement that we have with you, or our legitimate interests for security purposes (e.g. the prevention and investigation of fraudulent activities). Personal data will be deleted based on the terms of the agreement relating to the provision of the Services.
3. SHARING PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD-PARTIES
We may share your personal data with third parties in the following limited circumstances:
3.1. Vendors
We may share your personal data with third party service providers, consultants and other vendors that we engage to perform tasks as data processors on our behalf. We have contracts in place with them. This means that they can only use your personal data the as instructed by us and they will not share your personal data with any organisation apart from us or that we instruct them to share it with.
3.2. Ogury Group Companies
We may also share your personal data with the Ogury Group from time to time (including companies acquired by Ogury) for purposes consistent with this Privacy Notice.
3.3. Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
4. COOKIES
Our Websites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Websites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Websites and also allows us to improve them.
The cookies store non-personally identifiable information related to your navigation on our website. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website.
We use the following cookies:
Essential cookies: These cookies are necessary for our website to function cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to activity which we consider a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or completing contact forms.
Preference cookies: These cookies enable Ogury to recognize you when you visit our website and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Marketing cookies: These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
Statistics cookies: They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies are ‘session cookies’ and expire automatically within 20 minutes. Other cookies are ‘persistent cookies’, meaning that they survive after your browser is closed and are used by websites to recognize your computer or device at a later time.
We may also place third parties’ cookies when you interact with our website. We use the following third parties’ cookies for the purpose defined below:
–  Analytics: we use Google Analytics to count visits and traffic sources to help us measure the performance of our website. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
–  Marketing : We also have one Marketo cookie (munchkin cookie) to track website visitors and react to their visits with automated marketing campaigns based on their interests. Search Engine: we use Google AdWords to advertise on our products and services on the Google search page results. For more information on how to opt-out, please refer to Google specific Privacy Notice and settings for Google ads.
–  Videos: we use Vimeo to illustrate our product and services through videos that are embedded on our website.
–  Social Media: we use LinkedIn to advertise Ogury and our Services. For more information on how to opt-out, please refer to LinkedIn specific Privacy policy.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERSWe share your personal data within the Ogury Group and with certain third parties noted above. This may involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Where we use service providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
We may rely on other valid legal bases for such transfers such transferring to a country, for example where the European Commission has found that such country provides an adequate level of protection for personal data.
DATA SECURITYWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition,
we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
7. CHILDREN
The Websites are not intended for use by children and we do not knowingly collect personal data relating to children under the age of 16. If you believe a child under 16 may have provided us with personal data please contact us on
privacy@ogury.co
.
DATA RETENTIONWe will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, contractual or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTSUnder EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you have the right to access, modify or erase your personal data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
privacy@ogury.co
.California residents have specific rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (‘CCPA’). For more information and to exercise your rights, please see the Section 10 below.
Please note that we may still use any aggregated and de-identified personal data that does not identify any individual and may also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce contracts.
9.1. Marketing Communications
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time [by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing
preferences OR by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you OR by contacting us at any time at privacy@ogury.co
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase or product/service experience or other transactions.
9.2. Cookies
You can accept or reject cookies for our Websites through via the Edit my privacy settings link at the bottom of every page. You can also do so by adjusting your web browser controls.
9.3. Contact
If you want to exercise your rights relating your personal data we may have collected or have any queries relating the our use of your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@ogury.co
.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Notice, please contact us at privacy@ogury.co You can also reach us by mail at the following address:
Ogury Ltd
Attention to DPO
3rd Floor, Classic House, 174-180 Old Street London EC1V 9BP
UK
10. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights regarding the personal information that businesses hold about them. This includes the rights to request access or deletion to this personal information, as well as the right to direct a business to stop selling your personal information.
• Personal Information we collect
We collect identifiers (such as name, address, email address, phone number and job title), commercial information (such as a record of the Services used or product demonstrations) and Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as usage information, IP address, cookie information and customer feedback).
• Why we collect your Personal Information
We use your Personal Information to provide the services requested, such as to fulfil a request
for demos or otherwise provide you with information about our services.
We use identifiers and commercial information for general website administration, which includes record keeping, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing and surveys.
We use identifiers, commercial information and Internet or other electronic network activity for trend monitoring, marketing and advertising, as well as to ensure website security.
• How we Collect your Personal Information
We collect identifiers and commercial information directly from you.
We collect Internet or other electronic network activity from your usage of the Websites and Services.
• Share and Sale of your Personal Information
We share personal information as necessary for certain “business purposes,” as defined by the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.140(d)). This includes sharing identifiers, commercial information and internet or other electronic network activity with providers of customer relationship management, consulting, email, product feedback and helpdesk services.
We do not ‘sell’ your personal information as defined by the CCPA.
• The Right to Opt-out of Sale
As Ogury does not your personal information we do not offer a right to opt-out of such sale.
With respect to cookies and the use of our Websites, you can always customize your settings at any time.
• Right to Know
You have the right to know what categories of personal information Ogury has sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed. Additionally, you have the right to request disclosure of the personal information Ogury holds about you.
• Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that Ogury delete any personal information that it has collected about you. This is subject to exceptions such as when the deletion of the personal information would create problems with the completion of a transaction or compliance with a legal obligation.
• The Right to Non-Discrimination
Ogury will not discriminate against you (e.g., through denying goods or services, or providing
a different level or quality of goods or services) for exercising any of your rights under CCPA. You can exercise any of the above rights by contacting us at
privacy@ogury.co
.
11. UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE
We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time.
We are constantly improving our Websites and Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Notice from time to time as a result. We will notify you to material changes by, for example, placing a notice on our Websites and/or by sending you an email (if you have provided us with your e-mail address) when we are required to do so by applicable law.
Please check our website regularly to ensure that you are aware of the latest applicable Privacy Notice.
You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the date at the bottom of this page.
Cookie Settings
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
98
partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
Reject All
I Accept
Show Purposes
Your Privacy
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Store and/or access information on a device
70 partners can use this purpose
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
89 partners can use this purpose
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
53 partners can use this special purpose
Deliver and present advertising and content
62 partners can use this special purpose
Match and combine data from other data sources
42 partners can use this feature
Link different devices
29 partners can use this feature
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
55 partners can use this feature
Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent. You may exercise your right to consent, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
List of IAB Vendors‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
77 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Create profiles for personalised advertising
54 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
55 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
85 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
53 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Develop and improve services
59 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 40
https://www.media.net/privacy-policy/:
Publishers
Advertisers
Contextual SearchSignals
Deals Desk
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Effective as of
December 18, 2024
Previous Policy
About Our Business
Media.Net Advertising FZ-LLC, working by itself or at times with its affiliated companies, (individually and/or collectively, "Media.Net," "we," "us" or "our") utilizes its digital advertising technology platforms (our "Technology") to assist with the selection, deliver and display of contextual (nonpersonalized) and targeted (personalized) advertising (our "Services") on behalf of the advertisers and their business partners and representatives (collectively "Buyers") on websites and properties (collectively "Seller Sites") owned and/or operated by entities (collectively "Sellers") that participate in our advertising marketplace.
When Does this Privacy Policy Apply?
This Privacy Policy applies:
When we collect information about consumers and other end users who interact with our Services and Technology on Seller Sites. Buyers and Sellers may be referred to as Partners. Click
here
to learn more.
When our Buyers, Sellers, potential Buyers and potential Sellers or other end users interact with our website located at
www.media.net
(our "Website"). Click
here
to learn more.
CONSUMERS AND SELLERS IN CALIFORNIA CAN CLICK
HERE
FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THEIR PRIVACY RIGHTS.
IF YOU ARE SITUATED IN THE EU OR UK, CLICK
HERE
FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER EU/UK LAW.
NOTICE AT COLLECTION.
This describes the information we collect and the purposes for which we collect it. It covers both the information collected on our Website and through our Services from End Users (individuals who visit our Website or the Website of a Partner). The section of this notice that follows describes the information collected from our Partners.
I. Privacy Practices for End Users
A. Information We Collect
The Technology we use to provide our Services collects information from end users who visit one or more Seller Sites and/or our Website. While this information does not enable us to directly identify you (e.g., we do not receive your name, email address, etc.), it may be considered "personal data" or "personal information" under applicable privacy or data protection laws.
The information we may collect includes:
Online Identifiers
. This includes your IP address, device IDs, cookie identifiers, advertising identifiers (IDFA and Google AdID), and other mobile identifiers.
Seller Site Information
. This includes the web page URL or application through which you are viewing content, referrers viewability data, contextual categories, attributes pertaining to ad formats, click data, types of advertisements viewed and other data that the Seller Sites make available to us.
Device Information
. It includes your browser, device model, device operating system, browser language and device type.
Location Information
. It includes non-precise location information (city, country, zip code) but may also include precise location information if you have actively enabled location services on your device or a Seller partner sends it to us in their bid request (only in case of an opt-in).
Website Usage Data
. This includes information we collect when you visit our Website about how you use the site. This includes information such as web page interactions, time spent on our pages and referral web pages.
Non-Cookie Identifiers
. This includes the local storage or cache in your browser to collect information about you as you browse the Internet.
Information we receive from third parties: We may also receive information from third parties at the instruction of advertising partners or for the benefit of our Seller Sites that provide user demographics, behaviors or interests, obfuscated user identifiers such as hashed email addresses, user preferences on the ad experience and other information that may help make the ads more relevant.
Cookies
. We use cookies, web beacons, mobile SDKs and other web tools ("Tools") to collect information regarding your behavior and usage patterns on our Website and on our Seller Sites. We use these Tools:
For Frequency Capping.
To inform us if an advertisement has been served to the same computer or browser before, and if so, when the advertisement was served. This allows us to ensure that
For Research and Fraud Prevention.
To conduct research and identify fraud and malicious activity.
For our Services.
When you visit one of the Seller Sites we work with, we may assign your computer one or more cookies which enable us and our Buyers to deliver targeted advertisements to you on the Seller Sites. This form of advertising is called "behavioral advertising" or "interest-based advertising". We use cookies (e.g., Google’s advertising cookies) for this purpose. We believe that such advertising is helpful because you will see ads that are relevant to your interests. However, if you would like to opt-out of these interest-based advertisements, please see the section titled "
Your Choices
" below. When you conduct a search or visit Seller Sites that do not engage in interest-based advertising, we may deliver advertising based on search results or the content (context) of the page where the advertising appears. This form of advertising, which is not personalized, is often called “contextual advertising.”
Further, while we do not collect or process sensitive personal information, and our Technology does not deliver targeted ads based on actual or known medical conditions of users, or the treatments they use, nor does it market prescription drugs, we do generate and serve ads for non-sensitive health-related advertising that may be of interest to End Users: diet and fitness; doctors; health care professionals; health conscious; health and medicine; health and well-being; interest in health insurance; and pregnancy and in some cases health advertising that is based on the content of the page on which such ads appear (e.g., we may include an ad for a dietary supplement that complements an article regarding weight loss).
B. For What Purposes Do We Use Your Information?
We use your information in the following ways:
Monitoring for Click-Fraud and Other Advertising Fraud
We collect information related to clicks, views, impressions, robotic mouse movement, non-human clicks, etc. and use it for fraud detection purposes.
Selecting and Delivering Advertising.
We use information about you to select and serve advertising on our Publisher Sites. We present advertisements tailored to the context in which the ad appears (the page or the search results) or the interests you have shown; inferring eligibility of users for interest, general geographic and demographic-based segments; creating online advertising models through lookalike modelling or similar research methodologies.
Improving our Services.
We combine information we collect from consumers with information we obtain from our Partners, ad networks, and/or other companies such as data providers, including our corporate affiliates in order to provide our services, conduct internal analysis in order to perform and improve our services.
Analytics.
Providing insights and reporting back to our Partners, including statistical reporting in connection with the activity on a website or mobile application, optimization of location of ad placement, ad performance, reach and frequency metrics, billing, and logging ads served on a particular day to a particular website or application; evaluating the probability and nature of connections between devices.
Frequency Capping.
Determining whether you have seen a particular advertisement before so as to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements.
Data Privacy.
We respond to data privacy questionnaires, data subject access requests (DSAR).
C. With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
Subject to the section titled "
Additional EU/UK Disclosures
"
,
we may share the information we collect about you with certain third parties in the following ways:
Service Providers.
We use third parties, , operational service providers and subcontractors (also called subprocessors) ("Vendors ") to operate and provide our services to Partners and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. As necessary under this Privacy Policy, our Vendors are required to protect the information we provide to them in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. The services provided by Vendors include attribution, analytics, billing, fraud prevention, management of leads/campaigns, dispute resolution, cloud hosting, and technical support. When services are provided by Service Providers (processors or subprocessors) we contractually prohibit them from using any personal information except to provide services to us.
Buyers.
We may share your information with Buyers to help them make decisions regarding buying advertising inventory on Seller Sites or to analyze the effectiveness and performance of advertising campaigns via our Services, explore business opportunities, and perform audits/research.
Sellers.
We share information with our Sellers when we deliver ads on their Seller Sites. Sellers may use your information to make inferences about your preferences in order to serve more relevant advertising to you.
Legal, Government Contacts.
We provide information to third parties for legal process (e.g., in response to a subpoena or civil or criminal investigative demand, court order, or a request from law enforcement or other government agency); to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; to protect the security and integrity of our assets and business operations; or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we may disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Media.net, our Partners, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce the terms of service of our Website or other agreements or policies.
Acquisitions & Other Corporate Partners.
We may also provide information to third parties in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
We may aggregate data so that it is no longer identifiable. That data may be shared with third parties for their business purposes. In addition to the foregoing, we may share your information with anyone provided we have your express consent..
II. Privacy Practices for Partners
A. Information We Collect.
We ask for information about you when you contact us for information about our Services, or when you register to participate in Media.net’s program for use of Media.net Technology. We may also collect information about you when you use our Website or interfaces. Information we obtain from Partners includes:
Contact information
, which includes name, email and mailing address, and other information you may provide that allows us to contact you.
Government Identifiers
, which include your driver’s license number or other identifiers.
Financial Information
, which includes your bank account and other payment information required to collect or receive payments from you.
Online Identifiers
, which includes your IP address, device IDS, cookie identifiers, and lo-information.
Device Information
, which includes your browser and device type.
Location information
, which you may provide to us or we may generate based on your IP address.
Usage Data
, which includes your browsing or search history, web page interactions, referral web page, as well as information about how you use our Website.
Cookies
. We use cookies, web beacons, and other web tools ("Tools") to collect information regarding your behavior and usage patterns on our Website, on our mobile applications (to the extent downloaded to your mobile device). We may use Tools to help our Website function, to analyze your use of our Website and/or reporting of our Services, and to understand our Website visitors and how the Website may be improved.
For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
and
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
B. How Do We Use Your Information?
We use your information in the following ways:
Customer Service.
We respond to general customer inquiries, troubleshoot technical challenges, up-sell, cross-sell, and provide payment payout support.
Marketing.
We analyze publisher signups, affiliate signups, webinar signups and support our sales team. We may partner with third parties to collect information on our Website to deliver advertising that we believe may interest you based on your activity on the Websites. These third parties may set and access cookies on your computer or other device and may also use pixel tags, web logs, web beacons, or other similar technologies.
Providing our Services.
We combine information we collect from consumers with information we obtain from our Partners, ad networks, and/or other companies such as data providers, including our corporate affiliates in order to provide our services, conduct internal analysis in order to perform and improve our services.
Compliance/Security.
We verify signups through searching publisher email addresses through social media, perform website whois lookup to discover the domain name registration details, review IP addresses location. We also review the quality of traffic onSeller Sites. We review personal data protection online and offline threats on our infrastructure, network, networking equipment, computer systems, computer software, applications installed on the servers, access management, and mitigate the risks.
Data Privacy.
We respond, and assist our client in responding, to data privacy questionnaires, and data subject access requests (DSAR)
Legal Obligations.
We will use your information to comply with our legal obligations when we need to do so, including responding to requests from law enforcement; enforcing our terms and conditions and other legal rights; to protect our company and our employees, and to prevent or address suspicious, or potential illegal activity.
C. With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
Subject to the section titled "Additional EU/UK Disclosures," we share the information we collect from and about you with certain third parties in the following ways:
Service Providers.
We use third parties, Partners, operational service providers and subcontractors (also known as “subprocessors”) ("Vendors") to operate and provide our services to Partners and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. As necessary under this Privacy Policy, our Vendors are required to protect the information we provide them in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Service Providers include fraud prevention service providers and cloud hosting service providers. When services are provided by Service Providers (processors or subprocessors) we contractually prohibit them from using any personal information except to provide services to us.
Legal, Government Contacts.
We provide information to third parties for legal process (e.g., in response to a subpoena or civil or criminal investigative demand, court order, or a request from law enforcement or other government agency); to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; to protect the security and integrity of our assets and business operations; or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we may disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Media.net, our Partners, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce the terms of service of our Website or other agreements or policies.
Acquisitions & Other Corporate Partners.
We may also provide information to third parties in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
We sometimes aggregate data so that it is no longer identifiable. We share aggregated information with third parties for their business purposes.
III. Your Choices.
Your browser may give you the ability to adjust your settings to delete or disable cookies. Some mobile devices enable you to turn off or reset the mobile ad identifier. To opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings ("Opt out of Personalized Ads" on Android devices and "Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices).
To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from our Technology through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt out, please go to
https://www.media.net/optout/
. You can also opt-out of receiving personalized ads from us and other third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). The NAI’s opt-out tool can be found here
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
. More information about system privacy controls and instructions for opting out via your mobile device can be found at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
. You can find out more about cookies and opt-out from cookies on
www.aboutads.info/choices
in the U.S. and
www.youronlinechoices.com
in the EU/UK. Please note that if you use a different web browser, computer, clear, block, delete or restrict your cookies after opting out, you may need to repeat your choices.
Some of our Partners have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their sites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a particular company, or multiple companies. Google is one of our Partners. To learn more about how Google uses information it collects and/or to access its privacy policy, click
here
.
IV. Rights for California Consumers.
The terms "Business Purpose(s)," "Personal Information," "Sell" (or "Sale"), "Service Provider(s)," and "Third Parties" have the meanings given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, ("CCPA"). These term references and disclosures describe the rights of California Consumers and provide information about the way we collect and use the personal information of California Consumers.
A. Collection of Personal Information
Categories of Personal Information Collected.
Unique device identifiers such as Cookies, Mobile Ad IDs (IDFAs for iOS and Android Ad IDs), Timestamps, User Agent Strings, IP addresses; General location data that is no more specific than a postal code, and web addresses (also known as "URLs"); Precise Location Information; Internet Activity Information, such as the website URL or mobile app you are browsing, web pages, content, and advertisements you view and links you click on, and whether you open, forward, or click the links in emails we send to you; and your browsing history. For our Partners, we collect: Identifiers such as your name, IP address, email address, and other account information, Unique Device Identifiers, Professional or employment-related information, Internet or other network activity, and Geolocation Information.
How Do We Use Personal Information.
We use personal information to deliver and measure online advertising. For our Partners, we use personal information to market and provide our Services to you.
Categories of Sources from which Personal Information is Collected.
Websites, mobile applications, advertising services, technology platforms. For our Partners, we collect information from you directly and from your use of our Website and mobile applications.
B. Disclosure of Personal Information.
We share information as described above. This section also descrbes how we “sell” information, as that term is used in the CCPA. Categories of Personal Information Sold. Identifiers and inferences about website visitors.
Purposes for Selling or Personal Information.
This data is used by our Advertisers and Partners for more tailored advertising, marketing, measurement, analytics, and research.
Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information is Sold.
Advertisers and potential advertisers, , advertising agencies, marketers, technology platforms, Websites, and market research firms.
Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information was Disclosed (Sold or Shared) for a Business Purpose.
Advertisers, advertising agencies, marketers, technology platforms, Websites and market research firms.
C. California Consumer Rights & Options.
You have the right to access, correct, or delete Your Personal Information. We do not collect, use, sell, or share sensitive Personal Information, but if we ever do, you will have the right to tell us to limit its use. You may exercise your rights by submitting a privacy rights request
here
or by mailing us at
privacy@media.net
. You can opt out of sale or sharing of your personal information or exercise your "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" right via Media.net’s opt-out tool
here
, including by sending a GPC signal from your browser. We may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of implementing your opt-out request. If you opt-out, you should not delete your cookies. If you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, we may not be able to provide you with copies of the personal information we hold if we cannot verify that it is yours. If you ask to delete your personal information, and we cannot determine which information is yours, we may treat your request as a request not to sell your information. We do not honor “Do Not Track” signals that are not officially recognized, but we will honor requests to opt out of sale sent from officially recognized global privacy controls. If an authorized agent submits a request on your behalf, we may require that the authorized agent provide written proof of their authority and we may separately verify your identity and confirm your request with you. If you have any questions about your rights or our disclosures, please contact our privacy officer per the details listed in the section titled
"
Contact Us
" below. We will never discriminate against you because you have exercised these rights.
D. California consumer rights requests metrics:
As a registered databroker in California, we are required to track the requests we receive from California consumers to exercise their rights. Below is our report on the requests we received during calendar year 2023, and our responses:
Requests to delete a consumer’s information:
Requests received: 1
Requests partly or completely fulfilled: 1
Requests denied: 0
Median fulfillment time: 10
Requests to opt out of sale or sharing of a consumer’s information:
Requests received: 221
Requests partly or completely fulfilled: 221
Requests denied: 0
Median fulfillment time: 1
Right to know (Right to know and access information collected, right to know what information is sold)
Requests received: 0
Requests partly or completely fulfilled: 0
Requests denied: 0
Median fulfillment time: NA
Requests to limit use of a consumer’s sensitive information: N/A
(We don’t collect sensitive information)
E. Rights of Consumers in Other U.S. States.
If you are a Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire or New Jersey consumer, you have the right to:
Confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information and access your personal information;
Correct inaccuracies in your personal data and the purposes for which we are processing it;
Delete your personal information;
Obtain a copy of personal data you have previously provided to us, or in some states, all the personal data we have obtained about you, in a form that allows it to be shared with another controller;
Opt out of targeted advertising;
Opt out of the sale of your personal information;
Opt out of profiling that would be used for significant decisions about you.
If and when global privacy controls or other universal opt-out mechanisms are approved and honoring them is required in your state, you will also have the right to opt-out of sale, targeting, or profiling, or all of these, using these browser-based controls.
We will not discriminate against you in any way for exercising these rights.
For certain requests, we may email you to confirm your identity. You can email us at
privacy@media.net
or make your request
here
.
V. Additional EU/UK Disclosures
A. Data controller. We are the data controller for all processing of l Personal Information collected through our Website. When we perform Services, we generally act as a data controller for the personal information we process, but we sometimes perform Services as a Processor for one of our customers. If you have a complaint, contact our privacy office per the details listed in the section titled "
Contact Us
"
below. You also have the right to contact the data protection authority in your country.
Our EU-GDPR Representative is:
Rickert Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
- MediaNet -
Colmantstraße 15
53115 Bonn
Germany
art-27-rep-medianet@rickert.law
Our UK-GDPR Representative is:
Rickert Services Ltd UK
- MediaNet -
PO Box 1487
Peterborough
PE1 9XX
United Kingdom
art-27-rep-medianet@rickert-services.uk
B.
Legal Basis for our Processing of Your Personal Information.
Below are the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your Personal Information:
Consent Consent means your freely given, specific, informed agreement to processing, shown by an affirmative action you have taken to communicate that you agree to your personal information being processed.We rely on Consent as the legal process for placing Tools on your browser or device, and for using them to store information on your device. We also rely on Consent as the legal basis for providing personalized advertising. When we provide Services that facilitate the delivery of personalized advertising, including the use of a your behavior across web sites and over time, or the development of a profile, we also rely on Consent.If we provide Services that make it possible to deliver personalized content to you, we will rely on Consent as the legal basis for the data processing required.For Website analytics we sometimes rely on Consent, and sometimes legitimate interest, depending on the data collected, and legal basis used by Sellers and Buyers
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your Personal Information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your Personal Information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). We also do not use your Personal Information where such interests are overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
We sometimes rely on our legitimate interest to use limited information (such as the content you are currently viewing, or your general geographic area) to provide basic ads to you.  We do not believe that the use of this general information, which is not used to create a profile of you, presents substantial risks to you as a data subject.  Any risks are outweighed by the benefits all parties derive from using basic advertising to support the delivery of Content.
When a Seller relies on its legitimate interest to process limited personal information for the delivery of basic ads, instead of obtaining your consent to do so, we too rely on our legitimate interest to perform the services that make it possible to provide basic ads.  Similarly when a Seller uses limited personal information to select content, we too rely on our legitimate interest to do so.  In both of these cases there is little risk to your rights and freedoms based on the limited personal information used.
We rely on legitimate interest to determine how many times an advertisement has been presented to you so that you do not see it too often, and to detect fraud so that Sellers only pay for legitimate advertising views.  In both of these cases, the risk to the data subject based on the limited data used is smaller than the benefit that we, the Sellers, Buyers, and Partners, and you the data subject, derive from maintaining the usefulness and integrity of the advertising services we provide.  Similarly, we rely on our legitimate interest to measure the performance of advertising.  This too helps to ensure the quality and integrity of the advertising Services without adding any substantial risk to your rights and freedoms.
We rely on our legitimate interest to use the data we are processing when we perform Services to support, develop, and improve our Services.  This does not present any additional risk to You and it helps us provide high quality Services that benefit you and the Sellers, Buyers, and Partners who rely on us.
You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by submitting a privacy rights request
here
or by contacting us at
privacy@media.net
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
We rely on this legal basis for processing when we process the business contact information of Partners and clients to which we provide Services.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your Personal Information where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject.
If we are required to provide personal information to a data protection authority or other legal authority, we do so in reliance on this legal basis for processing
C. Participation in the advertising industry Transparency and Consent Framework. We participate in the IAB Europe’s Transparency and Consent Framework (“TCF”), which allows you to better understand who is providing advertising services to you on the websites you visit, and gives you choices about who may process your personal information. We are a registered vendor (142) on the IAB Europe’s Global Vendor List (GVL).
D. Sharing of Personal Information. We share information as described
above
.
E. Additional EU/UK Privacy Rights. If we are relying on your consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You have the right to request that we correct or erase your personal information. You also have the right to object to some or all of our processing and to object to automated decision-making with significant or legal effects. You can exercise your rights at any time by submitting a privacy rights request
here
or by contacting us at
privacy@media.net
.
F. Modifications to this Privacy Policy. We may edit, amend, modify, and update our Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time, by posting updated text on or links to our Website. When we make material changes to our Privacy Policies or our privacy practices, we will notify you by posting a notice on our Website or providing a notice to you. We display the Effective Date at the top of our Privacy Policy so that you will know when there has been a change in its effective date. By using our Website or our Technology or any Publisher Site using our Technology after the effective date, you will have agreed and be deemed to have agreed to comply with and be legally bound by the updated Privacy Policies.
G. Cross border transfers. Our Website and technology infrastructure is primarily maintained in the United States. If you are visiting our Website or Seller Sites from the regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from those in the United States, please note that you may be transferring your information to the United States and to other countries around the world. By using our Website, you agree to export and use your information within the United States and in other countries as specified in this Privacy Policy. If you are situated in the EU/UK, whenever we transfer your Personal Data out of the EU/UK, we ensure appropriate and suitable safeguards are used to protect your Personal Information . Where we use certain service providers, or provide Services ourselves, we may use specific contracts including data processing agreements based on the EU/EEA Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure these safeguards are in place.
VI. Sensitive Information.
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g.,social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background, or trade union membership) on or through our Website, or our Services or otherwise to us.
VII. Third Party Practices.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to our privacy practices, and not to the practices of other parties. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of every website that you visit to be sure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to you from each of them.
VIII. Data Retention.
We will only retain information relating to you for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for such information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Unless contrary to applicable laws, except with respect to information about our Partners with whom we have an ongoing relationship, our policy is to retain the non-aggregated information we collect for up to 24 months, after which the data is either anonymized or deleted from our systems. And as permitted by law, we may continue to retain aggregated information. In some circumstances, if you are an EU/UK data subject, you can ask us to delete your Personal Data by submitting a privacy rights request
here
or by sending us an email to
privacy@media.net
. We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personal information that we collect. However, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that personal information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet.
IX. Children.
Our Website is intended for an audience above the age of 18. Neither our Website nor our Technology / advertising services are developed for, intended for, or directed at, children, and we do not knowingly collect information from or about children under the age of 16 (or such other age as may be restricted under local law). If you believe your child has provided his or her information to us, please submit a privacy rights request
here
or contact us at
privacy@media.net
.
X. Contact Us.
If you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@media.net
or mail us at:
Privacy Officer
Media.net Advertising FZ-LLC
2701 Aurora Tower, Dubai Media City
Dubai 215028, UAE
Let’s talk about what Media.net can do for you!
Get in Touch
Sub-policy 41
https://illumin.com/legal/privacy/:
Upcoming Inside Scoop Webinar - Ethics of Influencer Marketing in 2025
Register Now
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 17, 2025
This privacy policy outlines what information we collect, how we secure it, and how we use it in relation to the service illumin provides to its customers via our advertising technology platform.
Who we are
illumin (“we” “our”) is a leading advertising company that provides a technology platform (the “Platform”) for marketers, offering a powerful and holistic solution for digital advertising across all ad formats and devices to amplify reach and Share of Attention™ throughout the customer journey. illumin has developed a proprietary technology platform that enables marketers and agencies to effectively target consumers with digital advertising. Most of the internet is offered to users free of charge. Web publishers are able to offer valuable content for free because they are supported by advertising. illumin aims to create a better digital experience for web users by allowing advertisers to present relevant advertising content, rather than advertising that is unrelated to users’ interests. Advertisers also benefit because targeted advertising is more effective and better received.
We offer this privacy policy (the “Policy”) because we take your privacy seriously. This Policy outlines our privacy practices with respect to the illumin Platform. If you want to understand illumin’s privacy practices with respect to our corporate website and information we collect from our customers, please visit our Corporate Privacy Policy here.
We are members in good standing with the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), and participants in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada’s (DAAC) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising. We continuously improve our privacy safeguards in order to help protect information about your browsing activities.
Overview of the types of data collected by illumin’s Platform
Personal data
The definitions of personal data vary depending on the laws where you are located. For example, in the European Union (EU), Canada and in certain U.S. states such as California, personal data is defined more broadly than in other places and would include both identifiable personal data (“PII”) (e.g., email addresses and phone numbers) and Pseudonymous Identifiers (defined below). Some places use the term “personal data” while other places use the term “personal information”. illumin will explain the different types of personal data and personal information below, and will try to be clear when we’re describing our use of each throughout this Policy. illumin does not knowingly place PII on our advertising Platform, but we do process Pseudonymous Identifiers via the Platform.
Pseudonymous identifiers
illumin collects or otherwise processes Pseudonymous Identifiers via the Platform. Pseudonymous Identifiers help our Platform recognize a particular browser or device, but do not enable us to know your identity as a natural person. This information helps us collect and make use of other personal data to better understand your interests and preferences. The pseudonymous identifiers processed via the Platform include Google Advertising ID, Apple Identifier for Advertisers, hashed email addresses, illumin ID and IP address.
Privacy practices for our technology platform
The illumin Platform processes data collected across non-affiliated websites and mobile applications pursuant to serving advertisements on behalf of our Clients who are generally businesses seeking to market a product or service. We obtain this information from website and mobile application publishers, connected television devices, advertising exchanges, supply side platforms and other companies which help illumin place bids on ad slots on behalf of our advertisers. We obtain information using one or more of the following tracking techniques or technologies, which are all widely used across the Internet.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file stored on your device. In the context of our Platform the illumin cookie often contains a Pseudonymous Identifier that is assigned to your browser the first time it is seen by our Platform. On subsequent interactions with our Platform, we use this Pseudonymous Identifier to, among other things, recognize what advertisements your browser has interacted with previously. Our cookies are not used to identify you personally, cannot be used to install malware, viruses or any other harmful software and they cannot access any confidential data on your computer. For more information about cookies in general, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
Pixels
Pixels (also known as web beacons) are tiny images embedded in a web page that allow our Platform to infer that you’ve seen on that web page. They also allow us to create, update and read our own cookies.
Advertising IDs
An Advertising ID (device identification) is another Pseudonymous Identifier associated with a smartphone or similar handheld device. Advertising IDs are accessible by mobile application publishers and can be passed to illumin with an ad request. These Advertising IDs do not enable illumin to identify individuals, but rather can be used to help us run advertising campaigns. They can be used to limit the number of times a specific advertisement is presented to the same device, and to track a device to show that the device interacted with an ad (i.e. “clicked” on it, watched a video ad, or downloaded an application as a result of an advertisement).
ID-Synching/Cookie Synching
We engage in cookie syncing of Pseudonymous Identifiers via the Platform in order to match our IDs with those of third-party partners.
The information we collect via the Platform
Using the technologies described above, we collect and use Pseudonymous Identifiers. Pseudonymous Identifiers do not allow us to identify you personally. Their primary use for illumin is to help us managing our Client’s advertising campaigns, serve users more relevant ads, count the number of ads served and to understand how you and other Internet users interact with ads. This information is collected when you visit the website or mobile application where one of our ads are served. The Platform collects information about your browser type, operating system, device, and the unique identifier assigned to your device. Demographic data such as age range, income level or gender may be collected. In addition, we collect information about your web browsing and app usage, such as the date and time you visited one of our partner’s websites or apps, pages of such websites or apps that you visit, the names or types of mobile apps that you visit, and other data such as page visits, ads shown, ads clicked and conversions over multiple non-affiliated websites and mobile apps for the purpose of creating interest segments to tailor advertising and content is sometimes referred to as “Interest Based Advertising” or “IBA.” We engage in IBA via the Platform. Where we are able to infer within a reasonable probability that a particular computer or device belongs to the same user or household as another computer or device, we may link those computers and/or devices with each other. Where we are able to make such inferences, we may use this information to deliver targeted ads across multiple computers or devices. This is sometimes referred to as cross-device advertising, and we generally don’t conduct cross-device advertising on computers or devices located in the EU. We also use other targeting techniques such as leveraging data received by Clients once it is rendered pseudonymous via a privacy-safe third-party service provider. Some of the transfers of Pseudonymous Identifiers and other pseudonymous information from The Platform over the past 12 months may be considered a sale under applicable law, and we provide a mechanism that enables you to opt-out from such sales, profiling or interest-based activities engaged in by our Platform and pursuant to our Client’s advertising campaigns. Note: The categories of data we process via the Platform under CCPA includes (a) Personal and Online Identifiers such as: IP address, mobile advertising IDs and similar pseudonymous UIDs and (b) Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
We do not use the Platform to collect PII such as your name, postal address, phone number, or email address. However, we may receive hashed email addresses for use on the Platform. And we don’t collect sensitive information such as social security number or credit card number via the Platform. The data we collect is primarily used to understand your online activity and consequentially provide you with relevant advertisements based on the websites you’ve visited, mobile applications you’ve used and similar data provided by our Clients and third-party data partners.
The information we collect is used to deliver personalized advertisements and to measure the effectiveness of the ads.
illumin may also collect data that can be used by our Clients and partners and receive certain data from Clients and partners. This data may include whether or not you have visited our Client’s website and/or mobile app, or if you have used a website and/or app that our Client advertises on. The data collected is used to build a consumer profile. We use the data in our algorithm to better understand your interactions online and to pair the right advertisements with the right consumers. With this information we can deliver you more personalized advertisements.
Potentially sensitive information pertaining to children and health conditions
illumin does not intentionally or knowingly collect information from children under 18 years of age, and does not tailor any segments to children under 18 years of age.
Data retention
illumin retains the web log data for a maximum of 180 days, although we generally don’t retain this data for EU data subjects for more than a few days. After 180 days, we aggregate the log data so that it does not identify any individual device and retain the aggregate data for up to three years. Our cookies are set to expire before one year; this expiration date updates every time you encounter our server.
Security
illumin takes reasonable measures to help protect the information we collect from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. This includes but is not limited to the use of firewalls and encryption. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure; therefore, while the company strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, it cannot guarantee absolute security.
Choice mechanism: objecting to processing, profiling, opting out, do not sell, or share my info
Many Internet users enjoy receiving relevant advertisements. Our algorithm reads your online data and aims to deliver you the most relevant advertising content available. This results in you only seeing ads that match your inferred interests. Without targeted advertising, marketers do not know your consumer preferences and will likely deliver you ads that you are uninterested in.
It is also important to consider that the websites you use receive substantial payments from marketers to present interest based ads. These increased revenues can improve website content and pass on a reciprocal benefit to you, as the user. Without these revenue websites are more likely to deliver lesser value content. illumin periodically evaluates the benefits of the targeted ads served by our platform against the potential risks to data protection rights
Browser-based choice mechanisms
If you prefer not to receive targeted advertising from illumin, you can object to our processing of browser data by the Platform by clicking
here
, by visiting the NAI website
here
, by going to the DAA website
here
or the DAAC website
here
. Data subjects may also opt-out of profiling by the Platform as well as the sale or sharing of their personal information where required under applicable law by clicking the above links. If you opt-out, we will set a cookie on your browser that tells illumin not to tailor ads to your interests – including any profiling, sale, sharing, targeted adverting, IBA and cross-device ads. Opting out does not mean you will not be served an ad by illumin, but the ads we serve will be less relevant to your interests. Please note that the opt-out cookie only applies to the computer and browser where it is set. Also, if you delete the opt-out cookie (such as by clearing all cookies on your browser), you will need to renew your opt-out choice. EU data subjects receive additional rights as described below. Also, where we receive a request to opt-out of profiling or sale/sharing of personal information from a publisher or SSP, we will treat that user has having opted-out of our systems.
To better understand the process of behavioral advertising, please visit:
Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) –
networkadvertising.org
Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) –
aboutads.info
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (“DAAC”) –
youradchoices.ca
Mobile choice mechanism
Opting out on a mobile device:
If you are using a mobile device and would like to opt-out, then please follow this
link
for instructions on how to opt out across multiple mobile operating systems such as iOS and Android. Please note that the opt-out process is different for each mobile operating system. The presence of an opt-out tells illumin not to tailor ads to your interests – including any profiling, sale, sharing, targeted adverting, IBA and cross-device ads.
Opting out does not mean you will not be served an ad by illumin. Rather, if we do serve you an ad once you’ve opted-out, the ads we serve will be less relevant to your interests. EU data subjects receive additional rights as described below.
Disclosure, onward transfer
We contract with a select group of third-party processors and service providers such as networking and storage providers to allow them to carry out their services for us. Other third-party service providers used by illumin include: a) outsourced computer programmers helping ensure our systems are operating properly; b) email marketing providers, c) website and b2b sales analytics providers, d) customer relationship management, contact database vendors, data hygiene vendors, survey vendors and project management software providers, e) customer billing systems partners, f) login authentication providers to ensure that the logins to our systems are working efficiently, g) social media platforms for advertising and marketing purposes, h) auditing, debugging and security vendors. Those processors and service providers are contractually obligated to process data only as instructed by illumin.
Please take note of the following exceptional situations: illumin may be required to disclose information to third parties when obligated to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including transfer reasonably intended to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. In the event that illumin sells, merges or transfers all or part of its business, we may transfer visitor information to a third party as part of that transaction.
Do Not Track
A number of industry groups are attempting to develop a Do Not Track (DNT) standard. Currently, the standards regarding the DNT signals and appropriate responses are not consistently defined. Where we can ascertain that a browser being used by data subject has enacted DNT, and that data subject is located in a place where adherence to DNT or similar opt-out preference signals is required, we treat that data subject’s browser or device as having opted out from illumin’s profiling, ad targeting and sale/sharing of their personal information as described in the section of this privacy policy covering privacy choices.
Accessing, changing, removing information
We adhere to applicable laws when it comes to honoring data subject rights such as access, deletion and correction with respect to the Platform. If you’re located in the EU, UK, Switzerland or certain U.S. States, scroll down to see any the data subject access rights which are available to you with respect to the illumin Platform.
U.S. data subjects
Certain U.S. states (e.g., California, Virginia, Nevada, Colorado and Connecticut) provide additional privacy protections for their data subjects under applicable law, including: a) the right to see what data we have about you, (i.e., the right to know), b) the right to delete the data we have about you, (i.e., the right to delete), c) the right to correct the data we have about you, and; d) the right to opt-out of the sale of data about you (i.e., the right to opt-out from sales of your information). Most of these rights are also applicable to the Pseudonymous Identifiers and other personal data collected about your computer or device by the Platform. We do not discriminate against you if you exercise any of the above rights. Moreover, we may not be able to honor a right if doing so would violate applicable law.
You may access those rights with respect to illumin by sending us an email to
privacy@illumin.com
, by calling our California privacy help line at 1-866-6Acuity, or by visiting our
data subject access page here
. If you make a subject access request as set out in this policy, you are entitled to see and delete the personal information that we have about you. We will confirm your request within 10 days and make a good faith attempt to fulfill your request within 45 days unless applicable law provides that we do so more quickly. Some jurisdictions provide you with the right lodge an appeal to illumin if you are unsatisfied with our response to your request to exercise the rights above. Please send any appeals to
privacy@illumin.com
Some U.S. states also provide you with the right to further appeal our determination to a consumer protection agency located in that state. For example:
Colorado – The Colorado Attorney General’s Office.
Maryland – Maryland Attorney General Consumer Protection Division.
Nebraska – Nebraska Attorney General’s Office.
New Hampshire – Data Privacy Unit of the Consumer Protection and Antitrust Bureau of the New Hampshire Attorney General’s Office
New Jersey – Division of Consumer Affairs in the Department of Law and Public Safety of New Jersey.
Texas – For denied appeals, visit the Texas Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division.
Virginia – For denied appeals, visit the Virginia Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division.
The number of CCPA requests to know that illumin received, compiled with whole or part and denied in 2023: 13, 13 and 0.
The number of CCPA requests to delete that illumin received, compiled with whole or part and denied in 2023: 3, 3 and 0.
The number of CCPA requests to opt-out that illumin received (not including requests made via illumin’s cookie based opt-out mechanism) compiled with whole or part and denied in 2023: 1537, 1537 and 0.
The median number of days within which illumin substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete and requests to opt-out: 14, 14 and 1.
European Union, Swiss and UK data subjects
The General Data Privacy Regulation (“GDPR”) affords additional rights to EU data subjects. Switzerland and the United Kingdom have similar data protection laws in place which grant similar rights. When this policy references EU data subjects, we also mean to include data subjects located in all of the EEA as well as Switzerland and the UK. Those rights include the right to complain to Supervisory Authorities and the right to access, correct, opt-out, and delete certain personal data processed by illumin. In certain circumstances, a consent is required (e.g., prior to the placement of a cookie by our Platform).
As described above, with respect to EU data subjects, personal data includes Pseudonymous Identifiers such as an IP address, a mobile advertising ID, a hashed email address or a cookie ID. Where illumin is a controller of data (e.g. via our Platform), the legal basis will be consent in accordance with Article 6 of the GDPR and depending on the type of information subject to processing and the information we receive from upstream partners. To the extent that we may rely upon legitimate interest for further processing, we have assessed the processing is not high risk and will not violate fundamental human rights. For example, we may process
TC Strings
for the purpose of ensuring and being able to demonstrate that Users have consented to or not objected to the processing of their personal data in connection with targeted ads on our advertising Platform. We process personal data of Clients and partners for the performance of our contracts with them in accordance with Article 6 of the GDPR.
Where illumin receives from an EU data subject a request to cease processing of data via one of the choice mechanisms listed above, illumin will stop all data processing with respect to the opted out browser or device unless such processing is required by law.
If you believe illumin is processing one of your Pseudonymous Identifiers and wish to exercise your right to access, delete, port or remove such information, please click
here
to visit our EU data subject access request page.
For all requests concerning the security of your data, please contact our data protection officer at
privacy@illumin.com
.
If you have a particularly sensitive request, you may want to consider contacting our data protection officer by postal mail, as communication by e-mail can always be flawed by security vulnerabilities.
Revisions
illumin reserves the right to revise its policies and practices periodically. If you would like to keep up to date, please visit this page to find out about any changes. We will post any updates as well as their effective dates on this webpage.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us:
Simon Cairns, CEO
illumin Inc.
www.illumin.com
70 University Ave, Suite 1200
Toronto, ON, Canada
M5J 2M4
(416) 218-9888
privacy@illumin.com
The illumin Data Protection Officer is Alan Chapell and he may be reached at
dpo@illumin.com
.
The illumin EU Representative is Josep Tribo and he may be reached at
representative@illumin.com
.
illumin Legitimate Interest Assessment
Newsletter signup
Get the latest insights from the Journey Insider
Sub-policy 42
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Learn more about our path to Net-Zero at
openx.com/sustainability
Home
»
Privacy Center
»
OpenX Ad Exchange Privacy Policy
OpenX Ad Exchange Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 11, 2025
Introduction
What personal data do we collect?
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
How can you opt out of interest-based advertising?
What are cookies and how do we use them?
What choices and rights do you have with respect to the data we process?
How long do we retain your personal data?
What if we update this privacy policy?
How can you contact us?
1. Introduction
OpenX (“
OpenX
“, “
we
“, “
us
” or “
our
“) runs an advertising exchange (the “
Ad Exchange
”).  This means that we connect companies that offer advertising space on their websites, mobile applications, or connected television applications (called “
Publishers
” in this Privacy Policy) with brands, advertising agencies, and demand side platforms (called “
Advertising Partners
” in this Privacy Policy) looking to purchase that advertising space in order to advertise their products or services to consumers like you.
We know you may have questions and concerns about who is collecting your data, how your data is used, and how Publishers and Advertising Partners seem to know which products and services you may be interested in as you engage online.  We’ve designed this Privacy Policy to help answer those questions with respect to the data that flows through our systems, and to make sure you know how to take action to prevent or limit our collection and use of your data for interest-based advertising (sometimes called “targeted advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”) if you choose to do so by clicking
here
.
We encourage you to read the whole Privacy Policy, because it provides important information about how we may process your data, and the choices or rights you may have with respect to our processing of your data.  In the meantime, here are some key takeaways:
We collect data about you from Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers.
This data may include personal information about you such as your device identifiers, location, browsing history, and specific interests, and it may be collected from a variety of partners, such as Publishers operating websites and apps.
We use this data to understand your online activity and interests over time so we can serve you relevant ads.
Using cookies and other persistent identifiers that track your online activity, we collect data about you across different websites and apps, and across different devices. So, we may know you visited a website on Monday from your desktop computer to look at a product, returned to the website on Tuesday from your mobile phone to add the product to your check-out basket, and finally completed your purchase of the product on Wednesday from your tablet. We use this data to learn about your interests over time and understand what products and services may be most relevant to you.
We share this data with third parties.
We share the data we collect about you, and the information we learn from it, with the Advertising Partners that use our Ad Exchange to help them decide whether, where, and how to serve (or re-serve) advertisements for particular products or services to you. We may also share some of your data with trusted third party data providers and service providers.
We don’t know your name, but we do know your online identifier.
None of the data we collect or share about you via our Ad Exchange is connected to your clear-text name, contact information, or other information that could directly identify you as an individual.  But, it is connected to the cookies and other persistent identifiers that are affiliated with your unique online activity.  So, while we (and the partners who use our Ad Exchange) may know about the interests and online activity of device ABC123 and use it to serve that device ads as described above, we don’t know that device ABC123 is used by a person with your name.
You can opt out of interest-based advertising.
While we strongly believe that our services help foster a healthy Internet, grow a strong economy, and enhance your online experience, we understand that not everyone wants to receive interest-based (i.e., “targeted” or “cross-context behavioral”) advertisements. You can opt out by clicking
here
or by following the instructions in
this section
.
If you do opt out, you should understand that you may still receive the same amount of advertisements from Advertising Partners using our Ad Exchange (or other ad exchanges) as you engage online.  But, at least for advertisements served via our Ad Exchange to your opted out device(s) or browser(s), none of those advertisements will be tailored to your specific interests over time.
To learn more about our collection, use, and disclosure of your data, and your choices or rights with respect to our processing of your data, please scroll down to read the rest of this Privacy Policy.  If you have any questions as you do, you can always contact us
here
.
As you read our Privacy Policy, please also remember that the Publishers and Advertising Partners you interact with as you engage online and in the real world may have their own privacy policies that govern how they collect and use your data, including when they may share your data with advertising partners like us. These policies and practices may differ from what you read in our Privacy Policy. To fully understand how your data is being collected, used, and shared, you should always carefully read the privacy policy of any website you access, any app you use, and any social network page through which you share information.
2.
What personal data do we collect?
Unless you contact us directly, we do not knowingly collect information that directly identifies you, such as your clear-text (i.e., unhashed) name, physical address, email address, phone number, online usernames, or user passwords. But, we may collect the following categories of personal data about you from Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers that partner with us to serve you advertisements:
Unique online identifiers
These are persistent identifiers that help us identify you across devices and over time, such as your IP address, cookie ID, mobile advertising ID, hashed email address, and user agent string
Online and offline activity and interests (including inferences)
This includes information about your online activity and interests, such as your browsing history and online behavior
This may also include information about your offline activity and interests, such as your purchase history
And, this may include information derived or inferred from your online and offline activity and interests, such as your likelihood to be interested in buying a particular product, using a particular service, or visiting a particular website
Geolocation information
This is information about your or your device’s location, such as your country, region, metro, zip, or postal code, or geographic coordinates, typically as inferred from your IP address
Browser, device, and service information
This is information about the devices you are using to engage online, such as your browser or device type (e.g., Google Chrome, iPhone), screen dimensions, operating system, and preferred language
Ad reporting and delivery information
This is information about the advertisements you have been served and how you interacted with them, such as the size and format of advertisements you were served and whether you clicked on them
As described above, we collect this information primarily using cookies and other persistent identifiers that track your online activity. You can learn more about these technologies in
this section
.
We will also collect your personal data if you visit our website or contact us for any reason, although we will not use this data for advertising via our Ad Exchange. Please view our
Website Privacy Policy
to learn more.
3.
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
Depending on where you live, we may need a valid legal basis to collect, use, and store your personal data. If we do, depending on the circumstances, our valid legal basis may be: (i) that you have given us permission to process your data by consenting to our processing or by choosing not to opt out of our processing after receiving notice of our processing activities (we’ll collectively refer to this legal basis below as “consent”), in which case you can always withdraw your consent or opt out of our processing by contacting us
here
(note, though, that withdrawing or opting out will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before a withdrawal or opt out); (ii) that it is in our legitimate interests to process your data, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations (we’ll refer to this legal basis below as “legitimate interest”); or (iii) that we are legally required to process your data (we’ll refer to this legal basis below as “legal requirement”).
When we are legally allowed to process your personal data, we may do so for the following purposes, with the caveat that some of our processing activities vary depending on where you live:
To facilitate non-interest based advertising
We may help serve you an ad on one of our Publisher’s online properties based solely on information you have provided directly to that Publisher
Our legal basis for this purpose is legitimate interest
To facilitate interest-based advertising
We may help serve you an ad on one of our Publisher’s online properties based on information you have provided to that Publisher, in addition to information we have collected independently or from third parties, including other Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers
You can opt out of interest-based advertising (sometimes called “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising) by clicking
here
Our legal basis for this purpose is consent
To understand your activity and preferences over time
We may use the data we collect (whether directly or from our partners) to learn about your online activity across sites, apps, and devices over time and infer information about your online and real-world preferences (e.g., we may infer that device ABC123 is used by a female in the New York Metro area interested in buying new shoes)
We only maintain information about your activity and preferences for the last 90 days (at most), and we use this information only to improve our ability to serve interest-based advertisements
Although we can’t control our partners’ actions, we also include restrictions in our agreements with our Advertising Partners and third party data providers requiring them to limit their use of this information, to the extent it is shared with them
You can opt out of this kind of data processing, which facilitates interest-based advertising, by clicking
here
Our legal basis for this purpose is consent
To control the content and frequency of ads
Whenever we help serve you an ad, we may use real-time information about the context in which it will be shown to help make sure the ad is relevant to you and delivered in a format that will work on your device
We also take steps designed to make sure that you are being shown a reasonable amount of ads, that those ads do not contain malware and otherwise meet our ad standards, and that you are not receiving the same ads too frequently
Our legal basis for this processing is consent or legitimate interest, depending on the circumstances
To measure ad performance
Whenever we help serve you an ad, we may measure the delivery and performance of the ad to understand whether it displayed correctly; how long you had the opportunity to see it; and how, if at all, you interacted with it
We use this information to provide reporting to our Publishers and Advertising Partners so that they can understand how their ad campaigns are working or can be improved
Our legal basis for this processing is consent or legitimate interest, depending on the circumstances
To build and improve our products, features, and models
We use data to build and improve our products and features, including by building and improving models and algorithms through machine learning
Our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest
To respond to valid legal requests and protect our legal interests
In rare instances, we may be required to produce your data in response to a valid legal request from a governmental, law enforcement, or other legal entity
It is also possible, although unlikely, that we may need to produce your data to protect our rights and property, or to protect someone’s safety
If we are required to produce your data in either of these circumstances (or any similar circumstances), we will limit our response to the information required to resolve the legal request or situation
Our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest or legal requirement, depending on the circumstances
When we process your personal data for one of these purposes, we do so in accordance with our robust privacy program, including by taking measures to securely store and transmit your data and by adhering to our
retention limits
.
4.
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
We may disclose the information that we collect about you to the following third parties, for the following reasons:
Advertising Partners and third party data providers
As described throughout this Privacy Policy, we pass data to our Advertising Partners, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can combine this information with other information they have independently collected to determine whether to serve (or re-serve) you an ad, and so that they can understand how well their advertising campaigns are working
We may also pass data to trusted third party data aggregators or data partners, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can combine this information with other information they have independently collected to understand, and in some cases help us understand, your online activity and preferences across sites, apps, and devices over time
Some of these transfers of data may considered “sales” or “sharing” of data under privacy laws applicable to you; you can opt out of any “sales” or “sharing” of data by clicking
here
Service providers
We share certain data with contracted vendors, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can perform functions on our behalf, such as fraud and malware prevention, identification of invalid traffic, and data storage and hosting; a list of our service providers is available
here
Affiliates and potential acquirers
We may share data amongst affiliate companies in the OpenX group for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy; a  list of our affiliates is available
here
We may also share data in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy, including with our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers and with the new owners of the business
Regulators, law enforcement entities, and other legal actors
In rare instances, we may share data with regulatory, governmental, law enforcement, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services, or other legal entities or public authorities in response to a valid legal request, to protect our rights or property, to protect someone’s safety, or to meet national security or law enforcement requirements
If we are required to produce your data to these entities, we will limit our response to the information required to resolve the legal request or situation
International transfers
OpenX complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OpenX has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OpenX has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, OpenX commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over OpenX’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)
here
.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website
here
, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. In cases of onward transfer to third parties (e.g., instances where OpenX transfers personal data to a third party partner, service provider or an agent which processes such data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles), OpenX is generally liable for the acts of the third party that are in violation of the DPF Principles.
In parallel to adhering to Data Privacy Framework, in the event that personal data collected from a UK or EEA data subject is transferred outside of the UK or the EEA to an organization in a country which is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission or considered adequate as determined by applicable data protection laws, we take additional steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected (e.g., by way of EU Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses or by relying on other data transfer mechanisms approved under applicable data protection laws). We are also committed to conducting data transfer impact assessments and adopting any supplementary measures required to mitigate any risks to you identified in such an assessment. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be obtained for your review on request by contacting us
here
.
We regularly monitor updates to the Data Privacy Framework and other relevant international data protection standards to ensure continued compliance and promptly implement any required adjustments to our data transfer practices.
5.
How can you opt out of interest-based advertising?
OpenX adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“
DAA
”) Self-Regulatory Principles in the United States (“U.S.”), the European Digital Advertising Alliance (“
EDAA
”) Principles in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), and the IAB Europe OBA Framework.  These principles and framework address interest-based advertising, also called “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising, which our services facilitate.  As described throughout this Privacy Policy, OpenX collects the types of data described in
Section 2
across multiple devices and across websites and apps over time, in order to use and transfer such data to our partners to facilitate  interest-based advertising.
You can request to opt out of our interest-based advertising services – and the interest-based advertising services of other companies that adhere to the principles and framework listed above – by taking the steps listed below. Please remember that even if you take some or all of these steps, some information may still be collected about you as you engage online, and you may still receive the same number of advertisements. But we will not collect or use data collected from your opted out browser or device to tailor the online ads you receive based on data collected over time from different websites, apps, and devices (at least for data collected and advertisements received via our Ad Exchange).
You’ll see that there are multiple steps listed. That’s because, as described throughout this Privacy Policy, interest-based advertising services involve the collection of your data across multiple devices and via multiple mechanisms. As a result, because cookies and other persistent identifiers cannot be read between different browsers or devices, you will need to opt out on each device and browser you use, and may need to take special steps to opt out of the collection of certain kinds of data.
To opt out on a browser (e.g., as you engage on websites):
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Cookies and similar technologies, like web beacons and pixels, may be used to collect data about you as you browse the web.  If you live in the EEA, you can learn more about and opt out of this kind of data collection by companies, including OpenX, that adhere to the European DAA Principles at
www.youronlinechoices.com
.  If you live outside of the EEA, you can learn more about and opt out of this kind of data collection by companies, including OpenX, that adhere to the DAA’s self-regulatory programs at
https://youradchoices.com/control
. As an opt out alternative, you can also download a browser or extension that supports the Global Privacy Control by visiting
this website
.
Please note
that in order for your opt-out choice to be effective using the DAA’s tools, you must ensure that your browser is first set to accept third-party cookies such as the OpenX opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. Additionally, if you later use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
Local Storage or Cache.
Companies may use the local storage or cache in your browser to collect information about you as you browse the Internet. You can opt-out of this kind of data collection by (1) using any tools provided by your browser to clear local storage and the browser cache, and (2) turning on any “Do Not Track” header setting offered by your browser. Please note that you must complete both of these steps in order to complete the opt out process. As an opt out alternative, you can also download a browser or extension that supports the Global Privacy Control by visiting
this website
.
To opt out on a cell phone or mobile device (as you use mobile apps):
You can opt out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising on your mobile device, for OpenX and other companies participating in industry self-regulation, by downloading the DAA’s AppChoices application from the Android or iOS app store. Alternatively, or if you live outside of the United States (in which case you may not have access to this application), you can turn off the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS settings or turn on the “opt out of interest-based ads” setting in your Android settings to limit the collection of your data for interest-based advertising. You can find additional information and more detailed instructions
here
.
To opt out of the collection of precise location data (as you use your mobile device):
You may wish to opt out of the collection of your precise location data, to the extent Publishers collect and share such data with advertising partners.  This would mean that certain data related to your online activity and general location (such as your city) could be collected, but data indicating your precise location (such as your precise GPS coordinates) could not be collected. You can do this by using the “location services” controls in your mobile device’s settings.
To opt out on a connected television (as you watch TV on apps):
You may be able to opt out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising on your connected or “smart” TV or set top box by visiting your device’s settings menu. You can find additional information and more detailed instructions
here
.
6.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
What are cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your web browser. Cookies are created when your browser loads a particular website. The website sends information to the browser which then creates a text file. This allows the browser to remember the websites you visit, and that information is shared with other parties such as our Advertising Partners. This also allows us to collect information about your browsing habits over time in order to facilitate interest-based advertising and make advertising more relevant to you and your interests, as described throughout this Privacy Policy.
In other words, when you visit a Publisher’s website or a digital property, we may assign a random, unique identifier, specific to OpenX, to your browser or device.  Using that OpenX identifier, our Ad Exchange can automatically recognize your browser or device the next time it visits another website or digital property owned by a Publisher we work with.  This means that, over time, our Ad Exchange can track your online activity to learn about your online browsing behavior and preferences. The Publishers and Advertising Partners we work with can also map their own unique identifiers against our OpenX identifier via a process called “cookie syncing,” so that they can use data they have collected independently on our Ad Exchange. In the case of Advertising Partners, the aggregated insights cookie syncing facilitates may influence their decision to bid (or not bid) on opportunities to advertise products or services to you. For example, certain Advertising Partners may be more willing to serve you an advertisement for a particular product if they know, via insights learned from cookie syncing, that you have seen and clicked on advertisements for the same or similar products in the past.
We also use cookies for frequency capping, meaning that we may use data they collect to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, as well as to help measure the effectiveness of our Advertising Partners’ advertising campaigns. Find out more about the use of cookies on
https://www.aboutidentifiers.org
.
What cookies do we use?
Cookie ‘i’
–
this is the user / market cookie. It includes a random string created to recognize your device for the purpose of delivering advertisements, as well as the timestamp of the string’s creation. By matching this cookie with data collected by Advertising Partners, we and our Advertising Partners can deliver more relevant ads to you. This cookie is stored on your device for 1 year and is refreshed for the next year on each bid request.
Cookie ‘pd’
–
this cookie stores information about which other third parties the user cookie (‘i’ cookie) has been synced with to reduce the amount of user matching done on your device.
This cookie is stored on your device for 15 days.
Cookie ‘OX_dnt’
– this cookie acts as a flag which we set if you indicate that you want to opt-out of interest-based advertising. Please see the information above on opting out of interest-based advertising. This cookie is stored on your device for 5 years.
Third parties
Third parties, such as our Publishers and Advertising Partners, may also serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to facilitate advertising, analytics, and other functions. They may also use information about your visits to different online properties to provide you with more relevant advertisements and measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns. We do not have access to or control over these cookies and encourage you to review the privacy and cookie policies of any companies you engage with online to find out about their data collection practices, including how they may use cookies.
7.
What choices and rights do you have with respect to the data we process?
Depending on the country or state where you live, you have different legal rights with respect to your personal data and how we may process it. We’ve provided more detail on these rights for consumers in the UK/EEA and certain U.S. states below, but you can always contact us
here
to learn more.
UK/EEA based individuals
UK- and EEA-based individuals have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict our processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data we have collected from you in a structured, machine readable format. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement).
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority where you live, work or believe a breach has taken place. You’ll find contact details for your data protection authority
here
if you are an EEA based individual or
here
if you are a UK based individual.
If you would like to exercise any of the rights listed above, please reach us
here
.
U.S. based individuals
Residents of certain U.S. states may exercise one or more of the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The right to confirm whether we have processed your personal data.
The
right to know and access, in a portable format that is accessible to you, the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, share, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting, using, sharing, and selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have shared or sold for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared or sold your personal data. Oregon residents also have the right to obtain a list of third parties (other than our service providers) to which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to correct inaccuracies related to the personal data we have collected from or about you.
The right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected from or about you.
The right to opt out of our processing and sharing of your personal data for purposes of interest-based advertising, also called “cross-context behavioral advertising” or “targeted advertising,” which our services facilitate, as well as the right to opt out of our sales of your personal data.
The right not to be discriminated or retaliated against for exercising any of these data rights.
Certain states provide residents with additional rights related to “sensitive” personal data. OpenX may process limited personal data related to children within our Child-Safe Marketplace, and this data may be considered “sensitive” in certain states. You can learn more about data processing within our Child-Safe Marketplace in our
Child-Safe Marketplace Privacy Policy
. Other than as detailed in our Child-Safe Marketplace Privacy Policy, OpenX does not knowingly collect sensitive personal data as a business, data controller, or equivalent entity.
To exercise any of the above rights, please reach us
here
or call us at (855) 231-3834 . You may be asked to submit verifying information in certain circumstances, as described below. Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that we have not fulfilled, you may appeal our decision by contacting us
here
.
Verification Process and Required Information
:
Because most of the information we store is linked only to online identifiers, and cannot identify your name or contact information, we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request. Such additional information may include your online identifier (e.g., your cookie or mobile advertising ID), your state of residence, and some proof that the devices that have the cookie or mobile advertising ID you provide are yours, such as a screenshot of the applicable cookie or of a screen that displays the mobile advertising ID or other documentation that can verify you.
Authorized Agent
:
You may designate an authorized agent to make a data subject request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing written permission to your agent to make the request for you.
Minors’ Personal Data
:
We do not sell the personal data of consumers that we know to be under 18 years of age or share such data for purposes of interest-based advertising (also known as “targeted” or “cross-context behavioral” advertising).
Collection, Sharing, and Sale of Personal Data:
In the last 12 months, we collected the categories of personal data described above in the “
What personal data do we collect?
” section of this Privacy Policy, which correspond to the following categories of personal data under California law: (1) personal and online identifiers; (2) commercial or transactions information; (3) Internet or other electronic network activity information; (4) geolocation information; (4) inferences about your predicted characteristics and preferences; and (5) other information about you that is linked to the “personal information” or “personal data” we collect.
In the last 12 months, we collected these categories of personal data from Publishers, Advertising Partners, service providers (e.g., fraud prevention services), and third party data providers (e.g., consumer data resellers).
In the last 12 months, we collected personal data for our commercial and business purposes, as described in more detail above in the “
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
” section of this Privacy Policy. As described in that section, we sell and share personal data for interest-based advertising purposes (also known as “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising). However, we do not sell or use personal data for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects on you.
In the last 12 months, we sold, shared, or disclosed personal data we collected to the categories of third parties described above in the “
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
” section of this Privacy Policy. In particular, we “sold” (as a “sale” is defined under state privacy laws) or shared for interest-based advertising purposes each category of personal data we collected to Advertising Partners and third party data providers (e.g., consumer data resellers). We also disclosed each category of personal data we collected with our service providers and affiliates as well as, in limited instances, governmental entities for our business purposes.
In the last 12 months, we stored and retained personal data in accordance with the retention periods described below in the “
How long do we retain your personal data
” section of this Privacy Policy.
Information About Past Year’s California Requests:
In 2023, with respect to requests from California residents submitted under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (“
CCPA
”), OpenX:
Received 26 requests to know or access, complied with all of them in an average of 34 days and a median of 42 days, and denied none of them.
Received 32 requests to delete, complied with all of them in an average of 18 days and a median of 23 days, and denied none of them.
Received 58 unique requests to opt-out, complied with all of them in an average of 15 days and a median of 15 days, and denied none of them.
Received 8 requests that did not provide a specific type of request, responded to all of them in an average of 17 days and a median of 17 days, and denied none of them.
In some instances, although we have not denied a request, we cannot fully complete the data subject’s requested action due to an inability to connect the data in our systems to the data provided by the data subject. In such instances, we request additional information from the data subject to attempt to verify the request.
8.
How long do we retain your personal data?
We may keep each data point we collect about you for a maximum of 90 days from the last date that we received it.  For example, if we collect data indicating that you visited a particular website on day 0, we may keep that data until day 90 (at the latest) unless we collect data indicating that you visited that particular website again within that initial 90 day period (in which case, the 90 day clock would reset). For most categories of data, this is limited to 14 days.
Additionally, we’ve set retention limits on the cookies that may be set on your devices. In particular, the market cookie (“i”) used for OpenX’s device recognition is set to remain on your device for a maximum of one year, while the cookie implemented to recognize your opt-out from interest-based advertising is set to last for five years, should you choose to opt out.
9.
What if we update this privacy policy?
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time.  If we do so, we will post the updated policy here and update the “Last Updated” date. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal data.
10.
How can you contact us?
If you are a UK or EEA based individual, the data controller for your personal data is OpenX Poland Sp. z o.o.
If you are a U.S. based individual, the business, data controller, or equivalent entity that controls how your data may be processed is OpenX Technologies Inc.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to contact us for any reason in relation to our personal data processing, you can contact us
here
.
If you are a UK or EEA based individual, you can also reach us at:
OpenX Poland sp. z o.o.
Attention: Legal Department
Aleja 29 Listopada 20
31-401 Krakow
Poland
If you are an U.S. based individual, you can also reach us at:
OpenX Technologies Inc.
Attention: Legal Department
177 E. Colorado Blvd., #3039
Pasadena, CA 91105
United States
You may also contact our data protection officer at
dpo@openx.com
or by calling us at (855) 231-3834.
Sub-policy 44
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 45
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 46
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 47
https://doc.thinkingdata.cn/tdamanual/installation/privacy.html:
TE 使用指南
快速上手
使用手册
数据接入
开发者文档
隐私与安全
版本说明
TE 使用指南
快速上手
在正式使用
Thinking Engine（TE）前，您可以先阅读
快速上手
了解核心事项。
•
项目前期准备
•
制定埋点方案
•
数据上报并验证
•
后续使用
使用者
作为使用者，您可以通过
使用手册
对
TE
的所有功能有一个完整的认识，也可以直接定位具体模块。
•
看板
•
创建看板
•
共享看板
•
管理看板
•
报表
•
移动端
•
最佳实践
•
分析
•
基本概念
•
事件分析
•
留存分析
•
漏斗分析
•
间隔分析
•
分布分析
•
路径分析
•
属性分析
•
归因分析
•
SQL查询
•
可视化模块
•
用户列表
•
行为序列
•
最佳实践
•
运营
•
运营任务
•
运营活动
•
运营工作台
•
运营设置
•
运营任务时区
•
最佳实践
•
技术接入文档
•
用户
•
用户标签
•
用户分群
•
用户细查
•
数据
•
数据管理-事件和属性
•
数据表
•
汇率换算
•
指标
•
埋点方案
•
数据验收
•
上报统计
•
实时数据
•
Debug模式
•
三方集成
•
更多应用
•
指标预警
•
模板中心
•
日期标注
管理员
如果您需要对项目成员进行管理，或者作为超管对整个集群进行管理，以下的内容会给您带来帮助。
•
项目管理
•
项目接入
•
成员与权限管理
•
项目时区
•
项目分析主体
•
资产箱管理
•
系统管理
•
系统用量
•
成员与权限管理
•
系统配置
•
安全中心
•
系统监控
•
个人中心
技术人员
数数科技也为技术人员提供了相关的技术文档，您可以根据需要选择。
•
数据接入
•
接入前准备工作
•
客户端SDK
•
服务端SDK
•
数据导入
•
Restful API 使用指南
•
关于GDPR
•
SDK信息收集规则
•
二次开发工具
•
数据删除功能
•
元数据管理功能
•
事件数据去重功能
•
自定义数据导入
•
外部用户属性关联导入
•
删除自定义表
•
数据回溯
•
数据归档与回档
•
DataX 引擎
•
Open API
•
模型查询 API
•
数据自定义查询 API
•
用户分群 API
•
维度表 API
•
生成SQL语句 API
•
元数据管理 API
•
看板报表管理 API
•
用户管理 API
•
项目管理 API
Sub-policy 48
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy:
LAST UPDATED: February 25, 2025
Tenjin, Inc. is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. The first section of this document describes our practices in connection with information that we collect from our customers and potential customers through the websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Websites”), and from users of the Websites (whether or not such users are our customers). The Websites include tenjin.io, tenjin.com, blog.tenjin.io, blog.tenjin.com, docs.tenjin.io, docs.tenjin.com, track.tenjin.io, track.tenjin.com, and dashboard.tenjin.com. The second section describes the information we collect in the course of providing services to our customers (the “Services”). If you are a Tenjin employee or contractor and want to learn how Tenjin uses your personal information, you can find that information in the “Tenjin Notice of Data Privacy for Employees” posted in Confluence.
European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the United Kingdom’s Data Protection Act (the “UKDPA”)
Tenjin provides tools and services to mobile app developers so that they can track and analyze certain End User actions in the context of mobile marketing. Tenjin does not collect any data directly (except from the companies and people that sign up for Tenjin or request marketing info, which is described in the Website Privacy Policy below). With regard to Tenjin’s Services, under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the UK’s Data Protection Act (the “UKDPA”), Tenjin is a data processor. As a data processor, Tenjin processes, and may store, information sent by Tenjin customers from their mobile apps. Tenjin’s customers may send information about the End Users of their apps, and the users’ devices, to Tenjin for processing and storage. The mobile app developers must receive your consent in order for Tenjin to process, and perhaps store, your data. Tenjin recognizes your right of access under Section 15 of GDPR and Section 45 of UKDPA. If you are a user of a Tenjin customer’s mobile app, and you wish to exercise your right of access, you must contact the owner or operator of the mobile app (the data collector).
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) became law on January 1st, 2020 but enforcement begins six (6) months from the date the California Attorney General issues final regulations (which shall be no later than July 1st, 2020). With regard to Tenjin’s Services, under CCPA, Tenjin is a service provider. As a service provider, Tenjin processes, and may store, information sent by Tenjin customers from their mobile apps. Tenjin’s customers may send information about the End Users of their apps, and the users’ devices, to Tenjin for processing and storage. Tenjin customers must comply with the opt-out requirements under CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.120(a)) and take into account any exceptions or other requirements mandated by law. As a service provider, Tenjin relies on CCPA’s business purpose exemption under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(t)(2)(C) and as a service provider, Tenjin does not have any direct obligations to the End Users to obtain consent, provide opt-outs, or delete data. If you are a user of a Tenjin customer’s mobile app and you wish to opt-out or exercise another right under CCPA, you must contact the app publisher (the business).
The above applies to both Section 1 and Section 2 below.
SECTION 1: WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person. We collect Personal Information, such as name, organization name and email address, from our customers and potential customers when they provide it to us through the Services (such as by creating an Account), through the Website, or via email sent to a Tenjin email address.
How We May Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information:
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding our services and changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
To provide you with customer service.
To send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
As we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How Personal Information May Be Disclosed
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our affiliated and third-party service providers and consultants who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other similar services.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
OTHER INFORMATION
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as browser and device information; information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies; and aggregated information.
How We May Collect Other Information
We and our third party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the device that you are using to access the Websites. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Websites, pages visited and other anonymous traffic data. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Websites. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own Cookies on your hard drive. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of Cookies and does not include use of Cookies by such third parties.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with the Websites to, among other things, track the actions of users (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about use of the Websites.
Using a third-party analytics provider: We use Google Analytics and Hubspot for our Website analytics. These providers use cookies and similar technologies to analyze how users use the Websites, compile statistical reports on Website activity, and provide other services related to the Websites. They may also collect information about Website visitors’ use of other websites. For more information about Google Analytics, including how to opt out, please go to:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. For more information on Hubspot’s privacy practices, please go to:
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
.
IP Address: Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Websites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) visited. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Websites.
By aggregating information: Aggregated Personal Information does not personally identify you (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How We May Use and Disclose Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Websites link. The inclusion of a link on the Websites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
SECURITY
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect Personal Information and Other Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Data collected from your device is encrypted using SSL or other technologies. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
The Websites are controlled and operated by us from the United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Websites you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
MODIFYING INFORMATION
Customers can access and modify their billing address by emailing
privacy@tenjin.com
. If customers want to delete their own Customer Data or their Account from the Services, customers can contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
with a request. We will delete the Customer Data but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. If a customer ceases subscribing to the Services, please email
privacy@tenjin.com
and we’ll automatically delete the customer’s Account and take steps to delete that customer’s Customer Data from the Services.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy. The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Websites. Your use of the Websites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
.
SECTION 2: SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY
CUSTOMER DATA
Our customers are advertisers. On behalf of a customer, we receive data about its advertising campaign on a particular advertising network directly from that network. “Customer Data” means advertising campaign data or information made available to Tenjin or the Tenjin Platform by or on behalf of a customer or any Authorized User, or via a customer’s use of the Tenjin Platform. We format and otherwise process the Customer Data, to help our customer understand and analyze the effectiveness of and costs associated with its advertising campaigns across various advertising networks.
HOW WE COLLECT CUSTOMER DATA
We collect Customer Data through Tenjin’s software development kit (“Tenjin SDK”) that customers have a license to use. We may also collect Customer Data from our customers’ third party mobile marketing partners, to the extent that the customer has authorized us to do so.
HOW WE USE CUSTOMER DATA
We use Customer Data to provide the Services to the relevant customer. We may also use it to improve the Services and develop new products and services.
We do not share Customer Data with any customer other than the customer to which it relates, unless we have received the prior express written consent of the customer to do otherwise. Without consent, we may disclose Customer Data:
To our affiliated and third-party service providers; and To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
In addition, we may use or disclose Customer Data as we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Unless prohibited by applicable law or advertising network terms, we may aggregate Customer Data such that it is not reasonably identifiable with or to the customer to which it relates, or the customer’s end users (“Aggregate Data”). We may share Aggregate Data with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
HOW WE COLLECT AND PROCESS END USER DATA FOR CUSTOMERS
Customers may send information about individuals using their app (“End Users”) to Tenjin for processing and storage. This information may include Vendor ID (if available), IP address, Apple Search attribution (if enabled), Bundle ID, SDK Version, App Version, OS Version, Device Type, Device Model, Device Locale, Device Country, OS Platform, Limit Ad Tracking setting, and Advertising ID. Advertising IDs are user-specific, unique character strings that can be reset by the user and are used to track an End User’s device for advertising purposes. Examples include Google Ad ID and IDFA.
Tenjin customers must abide by all applicable laws and obtain all applicable consents before sending End User data to Tenjin. If you feel that your data has been collected by a Tenjin customer without your consent, please contact the Tenjin customer directly. If you would like to access, modify or delete your data collected by a Tenjin customer, please contact the Tenjin customer directly.
Tenjin also recognizes the Right to Erasure under Article 17 of GDPR. For erasure requests, since Tenjin is a data processor, please contact the Tenjin customer directly with your deletion request.
HOW WE PROCESS AND SECURE DATA
Tenjin is a SaaS company whose solutions are built on the AWS platform. Data is processed by Tenjin in secure locations operated by Amazon (AWS) in the United States.
Tenjin uses appropriate and reasonable measures to protect data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, while taking into account any inherent risks and the nature of the data. Additional details on AWS security certifications and procedures can be found here:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/Security/AWS_Security_Whitepaper.pdf
.
QUESTIONS
Please contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or Tenjin’s compliance with GDPR or CCPA. Please email
privacy@tenjin.com
if you would like to contact Tenjin’s Data Protection Officer (DPO), or EU representative under GDPR Article 27.
Tenjin is Listed in the Google Play SDK Index – Here’s What it Means for Mobile Developers
Google recently released this post on how they kept the Google Play and Android app ecosystems safe in 2024.The report reveals that 2.36 million apps were removed in 2024, with 158,000 developer accounts banned, highlighting a significant increase in enforcement compared to 2023. With stricter scrutiny on app ecosystem compliance, how can developers navigate this…
100 Million Downloads! How XGame Studio Achieved Global Success with Tenjin and Xiaomi’s GetApps
In this case study, we take you through how XGame Studio, a leading mobile game publisher based in Hong Kong, achieved Global success using Tenjin and Xiaomi’s GetApps.  Here’s a glimpse of the impressive results they were able to achieve with the help of Tenjin and GetApps, Xiaomi’s app store: – ≈ 20% boost in…
Tenjin Joins Meta’s Mobile Measurement Partner (MMP) Program
We’re thrilled to announce that Tenjin has officially joined  Meta’s Mobile Measurement Partners (MMP) program, a significant milestone in our 10-year journey of empowering mobile publishers.  What Does Meta’s MMP Status Mean for You? As an official MMP, Tenjin is now recognized as an official partner for mobile app attribution and analytics. This means Tenjin…
The State of Mobile Gaming in Brazil 2025: Data, Trends, and Market Analysis
In this post, we delve into the latest data, trends, and insights that showcase the state of mobile gaming in Brazil in 2025.  Drawing from exclusive industry reports, and insights from a leading local expert, we’ll explore the factors driving this remarkable growth, and the unique characteristics of the Brazilian gaming market. The State of…
×
We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the
privacy policy
and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel.  Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept