Privacy Policy
Last updated: Jan 8, 2025
Chineasy (“us”, “we”, or “our”) is committed to respecting your privacy and the aim of this privacy policy is to explain how we will use any personal data we collect about you when you visit our website (
www.chineasy.com
), subscribe for our apps
(through our website and App stores)
, products, services and interact with us. It also tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. It is important that you read this privacy policy, so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
On our Website and App store listings, we provide goods and services to help you understand
China, Taiwan, and other Chinese-speaking regions
, Chinese culture and its language through our unique building block methodology and various learning tools. By using the website, products and services, you agree to the collection and the use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at
www.Chineasy.com
, including our associated applications (Apps for smart devices like – Mobiles, Tablets, watches, laptops, Vision Pro etc) and subscription service.
Information Collection
While using/purchasing our website, Apps, products and service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information that can be used to contact or identify you.
We can get your personal information when you:
Purchase our products from us
Register or Subscribe for our service from us, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content/stories, practice & record content
Subscribe to newsletters, alerts or other services from us
Ask us for more information about a product or service, or contact us with a question or complaint
Take part in a competition, prize draw or survey
Profile information
We collect personal information when you register or purchase/subscribe for our products or services, such as
Your name,
account name/alias/avatar
, address, phone number,
IP address,
date of birth, email address
and other similar identifiers
Paypal, Credit or debit card information, information about your bank account number and sort code or other banking information
Your account information – such as dates of payment owed and received, the subscription services you use or any other information related to your account
You may also provide us with optional information. Your user name, email address and any optional profile information that you elect to associate with your account is referred to herein as your “Profile Information”.
We may use your email address to send you Service-related notices (including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail). We may also use your email address to send you announcements and information about other products or services that you may be interested in (together, the “Marketing Messages”). You may opt-out of receiving Marketing Messages at any time by following the instructions provided in the Marketing Message.
Even if you are not a registered user of our Service, if you email us we may retain a record of such email communication, including your email address, the content of your email, and our response.
If you choose not to share personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide the products and services you’ve asked for.
How we use your personal data
All personal data that we obtain about you will be used in accordance with current data protection law and this Privacy Policy. We, or third party companies acting on our behalf, will process your personal data as follows:
As necessary, to fulfil and process an order from you for one or more of our products and services including, where applicable, taking payment and carrying out fulfilment and delivery.
As necessary, to comply with a legal obligation, where you exercise your rights under data protection law and make requests; and to comply with any legal obligation, any lawful request from government or law enforcement officials and as may be required to meet national security or law enforcement requirements or prevent illegal activity.
And as necessary, for the following purposes:
for conducting of our business, including keeping financial records, to charge, invoice or refund customers;
to facilitate your access to the subscription services and products and validate your login for your security.
to personalise your learning journey, and improving your overall experience. The contents you record during the learning process will help personalise the journey, and will also be collected for machine learning and improving the services
to provide you with information about our Services, to contact you about administrative matters, and to manage and respond to any queries or complaints you make or any correspondence you send us;
from time to time, we receive or request your reviews, feedback and opinions about modifying and improving our products and services through surveys, feedback, chats, social media and contact us pages in similar sources, the responses are voluntary however you agree that any feedback you provide shall be owned by us and used in our sole discretion
to operate competitions, including notifying you if you have won, to confirm delivery of a prize or for other related purposes
you may upload your photos voluntarily for you profile avatar
to send you newsletters and notifications
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
All third parties engaged respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International transfers of your personal data
Your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in a location outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
In particular, your personal data may also be processed by third-party companies operating outside the EEA working for us. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of our Services to you, the processing of transactions and/or the provision of support services.
Some countries outside the EEA do not have laws that protect your privacy rights as extensively as those in the United Kingdom. However, if we do transfer your personal data to other territories, we will put in place appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal data are properly protected and processed only in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Those safeguards include imposing contractual obligations of adequacy or requiring the recipient to subscribe to or be certified with an ‘international framework’ of protection.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Data Retention
We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law, we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they stop being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data; see Your legal rights below for further information.
Your Legal Rights
If the General Data Protection Regulation applies to you because you are in the European Union, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data:
The right to be informed – that’s an obligation on us to inform you how we use your personal data (and that’s what we’re doing here in this privacy policy);
The right of access – that’s a right to make what’s known as a ‘data subject access request’ for copy of the personal data we hold about you;
The right to rectification – that’s a right to make us correct personal data about you that may be incomplete or inaccurate;
The right to erasure – that’s also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’ where in certain circumstances you can ask us to delete the personal data we have about you (unless there’s an overriding legal reason we need to keep it);
The right to restrict processing – that’s a right for you in certain circumstances to ask us to suspend processing personal data;
The right to data portability – that’s a right for you to ask us for a copy of your personal data in a common format (for example, a .csv file);
The right to object – that’s a right for you to object to us processing your personal data; and
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling – that’s a right you have for us to be transparent about any profiling we do, or any automated decision making.
These rights are subject to certain rules around when you can exercise them. You can see a lot more information on them, if you are interested, on the UK
Information Commissioner’s Office website
.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please
contact us
.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within two weeks. Occasionally it may take us longer if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
hello@chineasy.com
.
Terms and Conditions (“Terms”)
Last updated: July 30, 2024
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the apps, blog posts, podcasts, products and services, including www.chineasy.com website (the “Service”) operated by Chineasy (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
You represent and warrant that you are an individual of legal age to form a binding contract (or if not, you’ve received your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the Services and have gotten your parent or guardian to agree to these Terms on your behalf). If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the Service. These terms have the same effect and force as an agreement in writing and by accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Chineasy apps, blog posts, podcasts, products, and services you subscribe, or purchase are for your personal, non-commercial use and are intended for informational, educational and entertainment purposes only.
All the content in the Chineasy apps, products and services are our copyrighted property and all trademarks and other intellectual property rights are owned by Chineasy Limited.  You may own the physical media on which elements of the apps, products, and services are delivered to you, but we retain full and complete ownership of the Chineasy content, Guest contributions and any user-generated content created using the Chineasy apps, products and services. We do not transfer title to any portion of the content to you.
Software License
If Chineasy apps, blog posts, podcasts, products and services is configured to enable the use of software, content, virtual items or other materials owned or licensed by us, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable to access and use such software, content, virtual item or other material for your personal, non-commercial use only.
You may not circumvent or disable any content protection system or digital rights management technology used with any Chineasy App, Product or Service; decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce any Service to a human-readable form; remove identification, copyright or other proprietary notices; or access or use any Service in an unlawful or unauthorized manner or in a manner that suggests an association with our products, services or brands.
User-Generated Content & Comments
Chineasy apps, blog posts, podcasts, products and services may allow you to share stories, text, images, audio, video, comments, feedback, reviews, competition entries or other content (“User-Generated Content”), which may be accessible and viewable by the public or whomever you choose to share.  Access to these features may be subject to age restrictions.  You may not create, submit or upload User Generated Content that is defamatory, harassing, threatening, bigoted, hateful, violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, or otherwise offensive or that harms or can reasonably be expected to harm any person or entity, whether or not such material is protected by law.
You grant us an exclusive, sublicensable, irrevocable and royalty-free worldwide license under all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, privacy and publicity rights and other intellectual property rights to use, reproduce, transmit, print, publish, publicly display, exhibit, distribute, redistribute, copy, index, comment on, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works based upon, make available and otherwise exploit such User Generated Content, in whole or in part, in all media formats and channels now known or hereafter devised (including in connection with the Chineasy and on third-party sites and platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and X (formerly Twitter) etc), in any number of copies and without limit as to time, manner and frequency of use, without further notice to you, with or without attribution, and without the requirement of permission from or payment to you or any other person or entity.
You represent and warrant that your User Generated Content conforms to these terms and that you own or have the necessary rights and permissions, without the need for payment to any other person or entity, to use and exploit, and to authorize us to use and exploit, your User Generated Content in all manners contemplated by these terms.  You agree to indemnify and hold us and affiliated companies, and each of their respective employees and officers, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against us by any third party arising out of or in connection with our use and exploitation of your User Generated Content.  You also agree not to enforce any moral rights, ancillary rights or similar rights in or to the User Generated Content against us or our licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users, and agree to procure the same agreement not to enforce from others who may possess such rights.
To the extent that we authorize you to create, post, upload, distribute, publicly display or publicly perform User Generated Content that requires the use of our copyrighted works, we grant you a non-exclusive license to create a derivative work using our copyrighted works as required for the purpose of creating the materials, provided that such license shall be conditioned upon your assignment to us of all rights in the work you create.  If such rights are not assigned to us, your license to create derivative works using our copyrighted works shall be null and void.
We have the right but not the obligation to monitor, screen, post, remove, modify, store and review User Generated Content or communications sent through a Chineasy Service, at any time and for any reason, including to ensure that the User Generated Content or communication conforms to these terms, without prior notice to you.  We are not responsible for, and do not endorse or guarantee, the opinions, views, advice or recommendations posted or sent by users.
Guest Contributed Content and Blog Posts
Chineasy website, apps, products and services may publish or share articles, blogs, text, images, audio, video contributed by guests (“Guest Contributed Content”), which may be accessible and viewable by the public. Access to these features may be subject to age restrictions.
Chineasy will monitor and publish articles and blog posts contributed by guests from time to time. However, the views and content of the Guest contributor are not representative of the views of Chineasy, its directors, employees and members. And Chineasy is not liable to any third party claims against the content.
If you believe that guest contributed content uploaded to our Service infringes your intellectual property rights or the rights of others, please notify us of any such infringement by sending the details on the contact us section below.
Accounts
Some Chineasy Services require you to create an account to participate or to secure additional benefits.  You agree to provide and maintain accurate, current and complete information, including your contact and payment information.  You agree not to impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person’s username, password or other account information, or another person’s name or likeness, or provide false details for a parent or guardian.  You agree that we may take steps to verify the accuracy of the information you provide, including contact information for a parent or guardian.
We can terminate accounts of users, in certain circumstances, who are repeat infringers of copyright.  In addition, we may suspend or terminate your account and your ability to use the Services if you engage in, encourage or advocate for illegal conduct, or if you fail to comply with these terms or any supplemental terms.
Passwords and Security
You are responsible for taking reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password, and you are responsible for all activities under your account that you can reasonably control. You agree to promptly notify us of any unauthorized use of your username, password or other account information, or of any other breach of security that you become aware of involving your account or the Chineasy Services.
The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us.  We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification.
Competitions
Competitions that you enter on Chineasy services may have supplemental rules and conditions, but the following general rules apply.
Entries – Your competition entry is User Generated Content and subject to all provisions of these terms that govern your submission and our use of your User Generated Content.  We may disqualify entries that are late, misdirected, incomplete, corrupted, lost, illegible or invalid or where appropriate parental consent was not provided.
We reserve the right to modify, suspend, cancel or terminate a competition or extend or resume the entry period or disqualify any participant or entry at any time without giving advance notice.  We will do so if it cannot be guaranteed the competition can be carried out fairly or correctly for technical, legal or other reasons, or if we suspect that any person has manipulated entries or results, provided false information or acted unethically.  If we cancel or terminate a competition, prizes may be awarded in any manner we deem fair and appropriate consistent with local laws governing the competition.
Eligibility – To enter a competition, you must be a registered user of the Chineasy Services and have an active account with current contact information.  No purchase is necessary to enter a competition and a purchase will not improve your chances of winning.  Competitions are not open to our employees (or their immediate families) or anyone else professionally associated with the competition.  If you are under age 18 (or the age of majority under applicable law) and the competition is open to you, we may need your parent or guardian’s consent before we can accept your entry.  We reserve the right to request proof of identity or to verify eligibility conditions and potential winning entries, and to award any prize to a winner in person.  Competitions are void where prohibited or restricted by law.
Prizes – No cash or alternative prizes are available, except that we (or the party providing a prize) reserve the right to substitute a similar prize of equal or greater value.  Prizes cannot be transferred (except to a child or other family member) or sold by winners.  Only the number of prizes stated for the competition is available to be won and all prizes will be awarded provided a sufficient number of eligible entries are received and prizes are validly claimed by the date provided in connection with the competition, after which no alternate winners will be selected or unclaimed prizes awarded.  Unless otherwise disclosed in the prize description prior to entry, winners are responsible for all costs and expenses associated with claiming a prize.  All taxes are solely the responsibility of each winner, although we reserve the right to withhold applicable taxes and each winner agrees to complete any required tax forms.
Your acceptance of a prize constitutes agreement to participate in reasonable publicity related to the competition and grants us an unconditional right to us to use your personal details, likeness, prize information and statements by you about the competition for publicity, advertising and promotional purposes and to comply with applicable law and regulations, all without additional permission or compensation.  As a condition of receiving a prize, winners (or their parents or guardians) may be required to sign and return an affidavit of eligibility, liability release and publicity release.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Chineasy.
Chineasy has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Chineasy shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at
hello@chineasy.com
.
What do you want to learn?