Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Rest – HTTP API Client
(“we” / "the application") is committed to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal information. The purpose of this privacy statement is to inform you about our privacy practices.
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted using the
Rest – HTTP API Client
application for iPhone and iPad. Updated January 4th, 2021.
Information we collect
Rest – HTTP API Client
uses iCloud / CloudKit and does not store any user data itself. CloudKit is a Service provided by Apple, Inc. Any data stored on iCloud / CloudKit can be deleted in the iOS Settings.
Analytics
No Analytics data is being tracked by the application.
Security
We do not maintain our own servers and do not store any data. Any information is synchronized and stored on Apple's iCloud / CloudKit service.
Accessing, changing, or deleting information
Any data stored on iCloud / CloudKit can be deleted in the iOS Settings.
Third-party links and content
The application displays links and content from Github. We are not responsible for the information collected by those third parties and we encourage you to read their privacy policy before submitting any personal information to them.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
This privacy statement is current as of the “updated” date which appears at the top of this page. We may modify this privacy statement from time to time. When changes are made to this privacy statement they will become immediately effective when published in a revised privacy statement posted on our website unless otherwise noted. We may also communicate the changes through our services or by other means.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it