Home
Our Story
Videos
FAQs
Get TrayMinder
Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 23, 2021
TrayMinder Aligner Tracker helps users of clear aligners to track their orthodontic treatment via the TrayMinder mobile application (the “App”). Your use of the Trayminder App is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”).
We are committed to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information we obtain from you through the TrayMinder App and we have created this Privacy Policy to inform you about how we collect, use and share your personal information, and about our privacy practices in general. We are always ready to address your questions and concerns regarding this policy and our privacy practices. If you would like to contact customer service, please contact us at the email address at the end of this Privacy Policy.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE TRAYMINDER APP, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO SUCH TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE TRAYMINDER APP.
We continually strive to find new ways to enhance your experience with the TrayMinder App and we may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices. You are encouraged to review this Privacy Policy periodically. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of notice through the Website, the Application, or any other part of the TrayMinder App.
1: Personal Data
1.1: Types Of Personal Data We Collect
1.1.1: Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific person. If you choose to backup your data on the TrayMinder App using the “Backup to Cloud” feature, TrayMinder may use your name and email address from the third party account associated with your device (such as Apple or Google) for identification purposes.  1.1.2: Non-Personally Identifiable InformationNon-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific person. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to the Trayminder App, the URL of the website you visit after leaving the TrayMinder App, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, mobile carrier information, mobile device information, or general and/or aggregated location data that does constitute Personally Identifiable Information. We, and/or our authorized Third-Party Service Providers, may automatically collect this information when you visit or use the TrayMinder App using electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described below in this Privacy Policy. Most of the other information we collect for mobile, such as your mobile device identification and mobile device type, the request type, your mobile carrier, your mobile carrier user identification, and the content of your request, does not by itself identify you, though it may be unique or consist of or contain information that you consider personal. As related to the App, we may collect additional information automatically, such as advertising ID or similar identifier information about your device’s operating system and information about the way you use the application. The App may collect precise location information from your mobile device if you consent to the collection of this information. We may use third-party service providers to provide location services using the location data you provide.
1.2: How We Use Personal Data
1.2.1: Personally Identifiable Information
If you choose to backup your data on the TrayMinder App using the “Backup to Cloud” feature, TrayMinder may use your name and email address from the third party account associated with your device (such as Apple or Google) for identification purposes. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.
1.2.2: Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third-Party Service Providers to measure the overall effectiveness of our products and services.
2: Public Content
The information that you contribute through the TrayMinder App and associated third party sites (Apple App Store, Google Play, Facebook, Twitter, etc.) is intended for public consumption, including your reviews, photos, videos, check-ins, comments, likes, bookmarks, friends, lists, compliments, and account profile. We may display this information through the TrayMinder App and associated third party sites, share it with businesses, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services. Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your account, if you include personal information in the content you post publicly.
3: Communications
When you use the TrayMinder App or associated third party sites, you are opting to receive messages from other users of TrayMinder, businesses, and TrayMinder itself.
4: Release of Personally Identifiable Information
We will not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties, except as may be required by law. We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, Terms of Service or other agreements or protect the rights, property or safety of TrayMinder, its users, or others.
5: Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Third Party Service Providers and the public. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) or use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our users. We may also publish this aggregated information for promotional purposes. Such data is collected on our behalf and is owned and used by us. We may use Third Party Service Providers to serve ads when you use the TrayMinder App.These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits and use of the TrayMinder App, and visits to other websites or locations to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
6: Your Privacy Choices and Your Right to Request Deletion of Personal Data
TrayMinder does not use Personally Identifiable Information from users that do not backup their data to the cloud. Users who do backup their data can request the deletion of their data by TrayMinder at any time by sending an email using “Send Us Feedback” directly from the App with the words “DELETE ALL DATA” in the subject line. If the “Backup to Cloud” feature was never enabled by the user, there will not be data that needs to be deleted. After you have submitted a request for your data to be deleted, you will not be able to restore your data from the cloud. You can save your teeth selfies to your device prior to deletion of your data.
You may opt out of sharing your location information at any time by adjusting the settings on your device.
7: This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you via theTrayMinder App
Other websites or services that may be accessible through the TrayMinder App may have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.