Privacy policy for personal data subject to GDPR
California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures（For MangaPlaza users）
Privacy Policy
1. Basic Policy on Personal Information Protection
NTT Solmare Corporation (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) fully recognizes societal demands for the protection of personal information and believes that promotion of the proper handling of personal information is an important social responsibility it must fulfill.
In order to fulfill this responsibility and continue operating as a company with high credibility, the entire Company will strive to protect personal information based on the “NTT Group Information Security Policy” and the basic policy outlined below.
(1) The Company will strive for thorough compliance by properly handling personal information according to the provisions stipulated by laws and regulations*1 pertaining to the protection of personal information.
(2) The Company will clearly define the purposes for which it uses personal information and properly handle personal information to the extent necessary to achieve those purposes of use. In addition, the Company will strive to keep personal information accurate and updated.
(3) In order to properly manage personal information, the Company will establish an internal management system for protecting personal information.
(4) The Company will conduct necessary education, training, etc. for its employees who handle personal information in the course of work, and supervise those employees appropriately. In addition, in the case of outsourcing the handling of personal information, the Company will manage and supervise the relevant subcontractor by entering into a confidential agreement, etc. with the subcontractor to ensure that personal information is properly handled.
(5) In order to ensure personal information security, the Company will take the necessary security control measures while referring to various standards, guidelines, etc.
(6) The Company will appropriately respond to opinions, questions, etc. from customers pertaining to the handling of personal information by the Company.
(7) In order to promote greater protection of personal information, the Company will strive to continuously improve the management system, security control measures, and other necessary measures.
Furthermore, the Company recognizes the importance of strictly protecting not only personal information, but also information pertaining to corporate customers and other types of customer organizations. The Company will appropriately handle this information equally as it handles personal information.
*1  Examples of laws, regulations, etc. related to the protection of personal information- (Unless otherwise specified, the laws and regulations are those of Japan.)
- Act on the Protection of Personal Information (Act No. 57 of 2003; hereinafter referred to as the “Personal Information Protection Act”)
- Policy on Measures to be Implemented by Companies to Secure the Proper Handling of Personal Information in Employment Management (Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare Public Notice No. 259 of 2004)
- Act on the Use of Numbers to Identify a Specific Individual in the Administrative Procedure (Act No.27 in 2013; hereinafter referred to as “Number Act”)
- Guidelines for Proper Handling of Specific Personal Information (for Business Operators) (December 11, 2014, Specific Personal Information Protection Committee)
2. Policy concerning the Practical Use of Personal Information
(1) Acquisition of personal information to be used by the Company
The Company will acquire, within the confines of the purposes of use described in Sub-section II. below and by legitimate and fair means, the following personal information*2 orally, in writing (including documents such as application forms, electromagnetic records, and Web screens), through sound or video recording, mechanically or electromagnetically, or through other means. The Company will acquire such personal information also through the succession of business operations by reason of merger, etc.
In responding to our customers by telephone, we may record our telephone conversations with our customers with the aim of grasping details of orders, opinions, requests, inquiries, etc. accurately and thereby improving our customer services in future.
*2 Personal Information
The personal information as referred to here is that personal information which is defined in Article 2 of the Personal Information Protection Act, including data on a person and that owned personally. Regarding a customer other than an individual, such personal information includes that which the Company will use in providing and selling services, etc., or doing similar transactions among personal information on the representative, directors, employees, etc. of a customer. However, Specific Personal Information, etc. is not included in the definition of the personal information in this privacy policy. Hereinafter the same meaning shall apply.
(i) Personal information that the Company will acquire through the application, use, and inquiries concerning the Company’s services, etc. (hereinafter referred to as “applications, etc.”)
(ii) Personal information that the Company acquires in handling consultation and requests at the consultation contacts (including requests to disclose personal information; hereinafter the same meaning shall apply.)
(iii) Personal information that the Company acquires from questionnaire surveys and other activities that the Company conducts with the participation of customers as well as from participation in prize competitions and membership programs (hereinafter referred to as “participation in questionnaire surveys and other activities”)
(iv) Personal information that the Company acquires through conducting services delegated by other companies
(v) Personal information that the Company will receive from a company to whom the Company contracts out part of its business operations, as a result of the act of contracting out
(vi) Personal information acquired, with the consent of the person in question, by means of a third party such as introduction by a customer
(vii)Personal information acquired legally from third parties such as public agencies or credit information organizations
(viii)Other personal information acquired by the Company through conducting services.
(2) Purpose for using personal information
The Company defines the purposes as follows for handling personal information when digital content distribution services, etc. are provided, sold, etc.
(i) Provision of digital content distribution services, etc.
The personal information below, which the Company handles for customers’ applications, etc. for digital content distribution services, etc., will be used to the extent necessary to verify the identity of the customer, control credit, provide digital content distribution services, etc.*5, calculate and bill charges for digital content distribution services, etc., contact customers in relation to these matters, and carry out the contents of the contract, based on the contract provisions, etc.
The information will also be used to the extent necessary to introduce, propose, and consult about digital content distribution services, etc., carry out measures (including questionnaires) to improve the quality, customer satisfaction, etc. of digital content distribution services, etc., plan and develop new digital content distribution services, etc., manage and improve facilities related to the provision of digital content distribution services, etc., and conduct other business related to the Company digital content distribution services, etc.
Even after a customer's subscription to digital content distribution services, etc. is cancelled, personal information may still be used for the purposes listed above.
Name, sex, address, telephone number, e-mail address, devices, products, services in use, etc. of customers
Contact information for customers (name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc.)
Name, address, telephone number, etc. for billing addresses, the financial institution account numbers and account names necessary for billing charges, credit card number and payment history, etc.
Items related to personal information among the information recorded on documents requested to verify the identity of customers or the information acquired legally from third parties such as public agencies or credit information organizations
Other items related to personal information of the information that the Company handles through customer’s usage and inquiries in cases such as customers’ applications, etc. for digital content distribution services, etc.
(ii)Support services such as customer consultation
The personal information below, which the Company handles in consultation, requests, etc. at the Company’s contact point will be used to the extent necessary to respond to the contents of consultation and requests, as well as to the extent necessary to improve the quality of content delivery services, etc. or develop new services, etc. based on the contents of the opinions, consultation, etc. of customers.
Name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc. provided by customers in consultation and requests
Other items related to personal information in the contents of consultation and requests
(iii) Participation in questionnaire surveys and other activities
The personal information below, which the Company handles for customer participation in questionnaire surveys, prize contests, membership system programs and other surveys (hereafter referred to as “questionnaire surveys”) conducted by the Company, will be used to the extent necessary to send materials required to conduct questionnaire surveys and other activities, send rewards for participation in questionnaire surveys and other activities, send prizes, improve service quality, etc., develop new services, etc., and introduce about the Company services, etc.
Name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, age, date of birth, occupation, gender, etc. that customers provide during participation in questionnaire surveys and other activities
Other items related to personal information that customers provide during participation in questionnaire surveys and other activities.
(iv) Contracted out services
Personal information that the Company handles when carrying out work contracted out by other companies (sales, agency business, surveys etc. for the products and services of other companies) will be used to the extent necessary to carry out the contracted out work.
(3) Provision of personal information accompanying the contracting out of business operations to other companies, etc.
The Company may provide personal information handled by the Company, according to the provisions in Item 1 of Paragraph 4 of Article 23 of the Personal Information Protection Act, to other companies to which the Company will contract out the business operations.
In this case, the Company will select companies who are identified as handling personal information properly, appropriately define the details of the handling of personal information, including security control measures, confidentiality, and terms and conditions of renewal of the contract, in the contract agreement, and supervise such companies as required and appropriately. The Company may also provide personal information to a third party in accordance with its contract provisions, etc. or provisions of the Personal Information Protection Act, and other related laws and regulations.
Provision of digital content distribution services, etc. as mentioned in the above Paragraph 1. of Sub-section II.
Support services such as customer consultation as mentioned in the above Paragraph 2. of Sub-section II.
Participation in questionnaire surveys and other activities as mentioned in the above Paragraph 3. of Sub-section II.
Contracted out services as mentioned in the above Paragraph 4. of Sub-section II.
(4) Basic Concept on Security Control Measures
The Company will endeavor to appropriately carry out the measures below to securely manage personal information when such information is handled.
(i) Technical Protection Measures
The Company will endeavor to protect personal information from unauthorized access or disclosure, loss, or destruction by taking the appropriate measures to control access to personal information, restrict the means of taking out personal information, and protect against unauthorized access from outside the company, etc.
(ii) Organizational Protection Measures
- A person responsible for protecting personal information will be placed in each organization that handles such information, and responsibility and authority will be clearly defined.
- To securely manage personal information, company regulations, manuals, etc. will be established, employees who engage in work that involves handling such information will be made to comply with them, and compliance will be appropriately managed and supervised.
- By regularly and properly educating and training employees engaged in work that involves the handling of personal information, the company will strive to enhance the awareness of each and every employee so that they recognize the importance of personal information and know how to properly handle such information.
- When the Company contracts out the handling of personal information, this will be supervised by such measures as concluding a nondisclosure agreement, etc. to ensure that such personal information is properly handled.
(iii) Physical protection measures
The Company will take measures such as access control for buildings and floors where personal information is handled, prevention of theft, etc., restricting the means of taking out systems and documents, and locking to ensure systems and documents are kept securely.
(5) Personal Information from Children
The Company’s websites, and digital content delivery services, etc. for the United States are not intended to be used by children under the age of 13, and the Company does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13, knowingly allow such persons to register, and does not use or disclose such information to third parties. Children under the age of 13 should not use the Company’s websites, information-providing services, or digital content delivery services at any time. If a child under the age of 13 submits personal information to the Company without verification of parental consent and the Company finds that the person submitting the information is a child under the age of 13 or that no parental consent has been confirmed, the Company will delete the information immediately.
(6) Procedures for Disclosure, etc.
The Company has laid out the following procedures in cases where the company receives requests (hereinafter referred to as “requests for disclosure, correction, etc.”) from customers for notices of the purpose for using personal information, the disclosure (hereinafter referred to as “disclosure, etc.”) of personal information, or the correction, addition, or deletion of personal information and stoppage of usage or stoppage of provision to third parties (hereinafter referred to as “correction, etc.”)..
(i) Requests for Disclosures and Corrections
- e-mail:
info@nttsolmare.com
(ii) Procedures for Disclosures and Corrections
a. Procedures for Disclosures
- The Company will respond to a request for Disclosures from a customer in writing. In this case, the customer shall make the request for Disclosures made by submitting a form designated by the Company in advance.
- Even if a customer requests Disclosures, the Company may not disclose, etc. a part or all of the information in accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Act. In this case, the Company will inform that disclosure, etc. will not be made and the reason for the decision. The Company not disclose the requested personal information to a representative in full or in part if the disclosure of personal information will violate the secrecy of communications or will cause harm to a person's life, body, assets, or other rights and interests, etc.
- Customers who want to request disclosure, etc. should call the contact number shown in the above Paragraph 1.
b. Procedures for Corrections
- When there is a request for correction, etc. from a customer, the Company will investigate the contents of the request. In this case, the customer's request for correction, etc. must be submitted on a form designated by the Company.
-	If, following the investigation, the Company agrees that the existing personal information is not correct, or that the handling of relevant personal information is not proper, the Company will make the correction, etc.
- Even if there is a request for correction, etc., the Company may not correct, etc. part or all of the information based on the provisions in the Personal Information Protection Act. In this case, the Company will inform the customer that the correction, etc. will not be made and the reason for the decision.
- Customers who want to request correction, etc. should call the contact number shown in the above Paragraph 1.
(iii) Verification of Identity of Customer, etc.
- When a request for disclosure, correction, etc. is made, written documents (a copy of an official form of identification such as a driver’s license or passport) verifying the identity of the customer or that someone represents the customer, pertaining to the applicable personal information will be required.
(iv) Handling charges etc. for Requests for Disclosure, etc.
- Handling charge: JPY 1,000 (consumption tax excluded)
- Billing method: A bill will be sent for each request.
(7) Discontinuation of supplying a customer with direct mail, etc.
When a customer does not want to receive direct-mail advertising and other advertising materials and solicitation of sales, the customer may ask our contact for disclosure, correction, etc., indicated in the above Paragraph 1. of Sub-section VI., to stop sending them. We will take actions to discontinue sending advertising materials, etc. as soon as possible; however, we would like the customer to understand that we use the customer’s personal information to the extent that it is necessary to take the actions needed (including instructions to the companies to which the Company contracts out the handling personal information).
(8) Contact Point for Opinions, etc. regarding the Handling of Personal Information
The Company’s customer contact point for any questions and requests regarding the handling of personal information in the provision or sale of the Company’s digital content delivery services is as follows.
- e-mail:
info@nttsolmare.com
3. Policy for the specific handling of Specific Personal Information, etc.
(1)Purpose for using Specific Personal Information, etc.
The Company will use Specific Personal Information, etc.*3 only for the purposes of the following affairs.
(i) Affairs for the preparation of payment record of remuneration, charges, contract money, and monetary awards.
(ii) Affairs for the preparation of payment record for the use of real estate, etc.
(iii) Affairs for the preparation of payment record of considerations for receiving real estate, etc.
(iv) Affairs for the preparation of payment record of intermediary fees for purchase and sell or renting of real estate, etc.
(v) Affairs for the certification of income and local tax withdrawal from regular pay
The Company will require customers to provide Specific Personal Information, etc. in a proper manner within the purpose of use.
Furthermore, the Company will explicitly state the purpose of using each time when acquiring Specific Personal Information, etc. described in documents, with the exception of the case that in the cases of any Item of Paragraph 4 of Article 18 of the Personal Information Protection Act.
However, this does not apply in the cases of Item 1 or 2 o f Paragraph 3 of Article 16 of the Personal Information Protection Act which is modified in accordance with Item 3 of Article 29 of the Number Act.
*3. Specific Personal Information, etc.
Refers to an Individual Number defined on Paragraph 5 of Article 2 of the Number Act and personal information that includes the personal identification number. Hereinafter the same meaning shall apply.
(2) Provision of Specific Personal Information, etc. to third parties
The Company will not provide Specific Personal Information, etc. to any third parties. However, in the case set forth in each Item of Article 19 of the Number Act, the Company may provide necessary Specific Personal Information, etc. to the related third parties without the prior consent of the customer, or may receive such information, from related third parties.
(3) Provision of Specific Personal Information, etc. in the cases of outsourcing business operations, etc. to other companies
The Company may provide all or part of Specific Personal Information, etc. handled by the Company to other companies to which it will outsource business operations. In this case, the Company will select companies who are identified as properly handling such information, etc., and supervise them appropriately.
(4) Joint use
The Company will not jointly use Specific Personal Information, etc. with a specific person.
(5) Basic policy on security control measures
The Company will endeavor to appropriately carry out the measures below to securely manage Specific Personal Information, etc. when handling such information.
(i) Technical protection measures
The Company will endeavor to protect Specific Personal Information, etc. from unauthorized access or disclosure, loss, or destruction by taking the appropriate measures to control access to Specific Personal Information, etc., to restrict the means of taking out such information, and to protect against unauthorized access from the outside.
(ii) Organizational and human protection measures
- A person responsible for protecting and a person in charge of clerical work*4 for protecting Specific Personal Information, etc. will be placed in each department that handles such information, and responsibility and authority will be clearly defined.
- To securely manage Specific Personal Information, etc., The Company will establish the company regulations, manuals, etc. and make a person in charge of affairs comply with them, and manage and supervise their compliance on a regular basis.
- By regularly and properly educating and training a person in charge of affairs, The Company will endeavor to enhance the awareness of each employee so that they recognize the importance of Specific Personal Information, etc. and know how to properly handle such information.
- When the Company outsources the handling of Specific Personal Information, etc. to third parties, The Company will supervise such third parties by such measures as concluding a nondisclosure agreement, etc. to ensure that such information, is properly handled.
*4. Person in charge of affairs
Refers to a person involved in affairs related to Specific Personal Information, etc. Hereinafter the same meaning shall apply.
(iii) Physical protection measures
The Company will take measures such as access control for buildings and floors where Specific Personal Information, etc. is handled, prevention of theft, etc., and locking when taking out or storing systems and documents.
(6) Procedure for disclosure, correction, etc.
The Company has set the following procedures of requests (hereinafter referred to as “requests for disclosure, correction, etc.”) from customers for notices of the purpose for using Specific Personal Information, etc., the disclosure of such information (hereinafter collectively referred to as “disclosure, etc.”), or the correction, addition, or deletion, or the stoppage of usage of such Information, etc. (hereinafter collectively referred to as “correction, etc.”).
(i) Contact point for requesting disclosure, correction, etc.
- e-mail:
info@nttsolmare.com
(ii) Procedure for requesting disclosure, correction, etc.
a. Procedure for disclosure, etc.
- When a customer requests disclosure, etc.to the Company, the Company will respond in writing. In this case, the request for disclosure, etc. must be submitted on a form designated in advance by the Company.
- Even if a customer requests disclosure, etc.to the Company, the Company may not notify or disclose all or part of such information based on provisions in the Personal Information Protection Act. In this case, the Company will inform the customer that disclosure, etc. will not be made and the reason for the decision. The Company may not disclose all or part of the requested Specific Personal Information, etc. to a representative of a customer if the disclosure of such information may cause harm to a person's life, body, assets, or other rights and interests, etc.
- Customers who want to request disclosure, etc. should call the contact number shown in the above Paragraph 1. The Company will provide information for detailed procedure to such customer.
b. Procedure for correction, etc.
- When a customer requests correction, etc.to The Company, The Company will investigate the contents of the request. In this case, the request for correction, etc. shall be submitted in a form designated by the Company.
- If, following the investigation, The Company admits that the contents of Specific Personal Information, etc. is not correct, or that the handling of such Information is not proper, The Company will make the correction, etc.
- Even if a customer requests correction, etc.to The Company, The Company may not correct, add, delete, or stop using all or part of Specific Personal Information, etc. based on the provisions in the Personal Information Protection Act. In this case, the Company will inform the customer that the correction, etc. will not be made and the reason for the decision.
- A customer who want to request correction, etc. shall contact the contact point shown in the above Paragraph 1. The Company will provide information for detailed procedure to such customer.
(iii) Identity Verification, etc.
When a customer requests disclosure, correction, etc. , The Company request such customer to submit documents that may confirm the identity of or representation from such customer who have Specific Personal Information, etc. Please call the contact number shown in the above Paragraph 1. for details on the required documents.
(iv)Handling charges, etc. for the requests for disclosure, etc.
- Handling charge: JPY 1,000 (consumption tax excluded)
- Mailing cost: Actual cost for sending by simplified registered mail
- Billing method: A bill will be sent each time.
- Please contact the contact point shown in the above Paragraph 1. for details on the handling charges, etc.
(7) Contact point for opinions, etc. regarding the handling of Specific Personal Information, etc.
The Company accept inquiries or requests, etc. regarding the handling of Specific Personal Information, etc. at the following contact point.
- e-mail:
info@nttsolmare.com
４．Revisions
The Company may revise a part or all of the content of this privacy policy. If the policy is revised, the Company will make the revisions public by posting the updated content on this website, etc.
January, 2016
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.nttsolmare.com/e/privacy-gdpr/:
solmare Home
Privacy policy for personal data subject to GDPR
Privacy policy for personal data subject to GDPR
1. Introduction
NTT Solmare Corporation (the “Company”) provides services to customers in many countries. When you use our services, we will acquire, use and store your information. This Privacy Policy established by the Company specifies the purposes of acquiring your personal data by the Company to enable you to understand your rights with respect to such personal data.
Please ensure to read through this Privacy Policy since you need to give your consent and accept the Terms of Use of the relevant service in order to use the Company’s services.
2. Personal Data to be Acquired and Its Intended Use
The Company will acquire the personal data listed below. The personal data to be acquired by the Company will include the information directly provided by you and the information pertaining to your use of the services.
The Company will use such information for performance of contracts or for the purposes specified below, based on your consent.
Information necessary for providing game content
The Company will acquire and use the following information for providing the game content:
a. Information concerning telecommunication devices, and information acquired through cookies and other means
When you use the relevant apps and/or services, we may automatically acquire information on the mobile phone device, tablet, PC and other telecommunication devices you used and also through cookies and other means.
- Information on equipment identification of telecommunication device (device token, register ID, etc.)
- IP address, device name, OS information, browser version, etc. of the telecommunication device
- Information related to crashing of the relevant app (device identifier for crash analysis and crash log data)
- Information related to the progress of the game (progress status, billing status, etc.)
b. Information on login authentication
When you install the relevant app, it will automatically generate your authentication ID. This authentication ID will be the key for storing and updating your game data and is required for your game to progress.
c. Information on passing and linking of the data
In order to allow the relevant service to be used on more than one device, you need to provide us with your Facebook account, or Google ID or Apple game center ID.
Such account and ID information will be used to certify that the owner of those devices is the same person and to synchronize the user data including progress. Meanwhile, the Company will acquire no content or information linked to such account and ID information (e.g., user profile information and information on use of services not related to the relevant service).
d. Information used within the game and exchanged with other users
Your user name used within the game you registered and the communication exchanged with other users in the game will be stored. While the user name you specified is information necessary for progress of the game since it is reflected in the scenario within the game, you can change it at any time.
Information necessary for advertising and marketing purposes
The Company will acquire and use the following information for the purpose of advertising and marketing:
- Advertising identifier of the telecommunication device (IDFA, AAID)
- Information on equipment identification of telecommunication device (device ID)
- Device name, OS information, browser version, etc. of the telecommunication device
- Location information (country, city, town, zip code, etc.)
- In-store search word, advertising information from transition source (e.g., date and time of transition from advertisement to the store)
Out of those, you can reset the advertising identifier yourself by setting your device. For putting restrictions on the advertisements which use IDFA, see Apple Inc.’s website (https://www.apple.com/). For putting restrictions on the advertisements which use AAID, see Google LLC’s website (https://www.google.com/).
Information necessary for responding to inquiries
The Company receives and stores the information you provided to the Company through e-mails (e.g., e-mail address and name).
In addition, when you contact the Company through an inquiry form within the relevant service, the Company will acquire and use the following information in order to respond to your inquiry, demand, complaint and other requests in a proper manner:
- Player ID
- Name of country/region
- Device information (OS and device name)
- History of billing for the relevant service within app (receipt information)
We may also request you to separately provide the screen shot and other materials when the service is used for the purpose of investigation and resolution of your issue.
Participation in surveys
For the following information which is to be handled by the Company as a result of your participation in a survey and other studies conducted by the Company, your entry for a prize competition or enrollment in a membership program (“Participation in Surveys”), the Company will acquire and use it to the extent it is necessary for sending the materials needed for the survey and other studies and a reward for participation in the survey and other studies, sending competition prizes, improving the quality of services, developing new services and introducing the Company’s content distribution and other services.
- Your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, age, date of birth, occupation, gender, etc. provided in participating in a survey and other studies
- Any other items falling under the category of personal information among those provided with your participation in surveys
Entrusted business
For the personal information which is to be handled by the Company in performing the services entrusted by other entities to the Company (distribution, sale on commission, investigation, etc. of products and services of other entities), the Company will acquire and use it to the extent it is necessary for performing the entrusted services.
Provision of your personal data to third parties
The Company may provide a third party with your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the Company’s contractual terms and conditions and applicable laws.
3. Customer’s Choice
Provision of your personal data to the Company will be made upon your consent in principle. If any information necessary for provision of the game content is not provided, the relevant service will not work and the service will not be available for use. In addition, when you put restrictions on advertisements using advertising identifiers, the number of advertisements may not change; however, the relevance of advertisements may become lower than before. In order to withdraw your consent after accepting this Policy, please uninstall the app.
4. Cases Where Parental Consent is Required
The Company will not intentionally collect any personal data from customers under the age of 16 (or other age specified by applicable laws) without obtaining parental consent or unless permitted by the applicable laws. If you are under the age of 16 (or other age specified by applicable laws) and intend to use the Company’s services, you need to check the laws applicable to you to see whether such services may be used without the consent of your parents.
5. Retention Period
The Company will retain your personal data for as long as it is needed for providing you with the relevant service and will erase it promptly when it becomes no longer necessary.
6. Security and Transfer to Other Countries
As needed to provide its services, the Company may, in addition to transferring the customer data to Japan, outsource its handling of the customer data to a subcontractor and other third parties. Such subcontractors include companies having the billing capacity for the relevant service, companies providing customer support services, cloud storage companies, and companies providing advertising/marketing analysis tools, etc. Those third parties include entities outside Japan and it may be possible that they transfer your personal data to a country without personal data protection legislation equivalent to that of the country you live in. In such case, the Company will take any appropriate measures required to protect your personal data in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations.
The Company complies with the applicable laws and regulations in order to prevent any unauthorized access to or disclosure of your personal data, to maintain the correctness of the personal data, and to dispose of it properly when necessary, and is committed to handling the personal data at a high level of information security. The Company encodes the communication when acquiring or transferring the personal data and puts limitations on the access privileges for the personal data stored, which is handled only by the individuals having a need in performing the duties. In addition, the Company makes a periodic review to ensure that the aforementioned efforts are made effectively and adequately and are made at a proper level.
7. Disclosing Your Personal Data
If you intend to exercise your relevant rights in connection with your personal data (including the rights of access, correction, removal, limitation, data portability, and objection) pursuant to the laws applicable to you, please contact us at
info@nttsolmare.com
.
8. Amendment to this Privacy Policy
The Company may amend this Privacy Policy on as needed basis in order to respond to amendments to the laws and regulations or in accordance with business needs. When making such amendment, you will be notified of it through the relevant service or communication on our website.
9. Objection
If you believe that the Company’s data processing infringes the applicable laws, you may lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in your country pursuant to the laws of your country.
10. Inquiries
Any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or handling of customer data should be addressed to:
NTT Solmare Corporation
Sumitomo Building No. 2, 4-7-28 Kitahama Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-0041, Japan
info@nttsolmare.com
Note that, depending on the details of your inquiry, you may be requested to submit additional information so that we can address the issue in a proper manner.
November, 2018
Sub-policy 1
https://www.nttsolmare.com/e/privacy-ccpa/:
solmare Home
Privacy policy for personal data subject to GDPR
California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures（For MangaPlaza users）
Effective Date: January 24, 2022
Last Updated: January 24, 2022
NTT Solmare Corporation. California Privacy Notice
1. Scope of Disclosures
This California Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) provides the information required under the California Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California laws and supplements the information contained in NTT Solmare Corporation’s (“NTT Solmare”, “we”, “our”, Company’s or “us”) Privacy Policy. The Privacy Notice applies solely to residents of the State of California ("consumers", “customer”, "you" or “your”).
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the CCPA.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in this Privacy Notice have the same meaning as defined in our Privacy Policy or as otherwise defined in the CCPA.
2. Personal Information Disclosures
As used in this Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, the categories of Personal Information identified below if such information identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household.
Personal Information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified, aggregated or anonymized information that is maintained in a form that is not capable of being associated with or reasonably linked to a consumer.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, such as:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; and
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (CalFIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
3. Collection and Use of Personal Information
To learn more about the types of personal information we collect, the sources from which we collect or receive personal information, and the purposes for which we use this information, please refer to the Information Acquired by Us section and Purpose of Use section in our Privacy Policy.
Below is a list of all the categories of Personal Information that we have collected in the past 12 months.
Personal Information Category
Personal Information Examples
Personal Information Collected
Personal Information Source
Third Party with whom Personal Information was Shared
Identifiers
cookies, e-mail address, account name
Yes [〇]
Directly from you
Suppliers and service providers where necessary to perform functions on our behalf
Personal Information Categories from Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
physical characteristics or description, employment and employment history, medical information, and health insurance information*
Yes [___]
Not Collected
None
Protected Classification Information
Your date of birth and gender information
Yes [〇]
Directly from you
Suppliers and service providers where necessary to perform functions on our behalf
Commercial Information
Your use of the Services and purchases
Yes [〇]
Directly from you
Suppliers and service providers where necessary to perform functions on our behalf
Internet/Electronic Network Activity
Your browsing history, search history and interaction with the website
Yes [〇]
Your browser or device
Our business partners and Affiliates
Suppliers and service providers where necessary to perform functions on our behalf
Geolocation Data
Information about your physical location
Yes [〇]
Your browser or device
Our business partners and Affiliates
Suppliers and service providers where necessary to perform functions on our behalf
Audio/Video Data
Pictures and videos of you
Yes [___]
Not Collected
None
Professional or Employment- Related Information
Your job title, business team, employer and duties
Yes [___]
Not Collected
None
Non-Public Education Information
As defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99) such as non-public information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual’s identity in relation to an educational institution either directly or indirectly through linkages with other information
Yes [___]
Not Collected
None
Biometric Information
Your fingerprints and face
Yes [___]
Not Collected
None
Inferences from the Above Personal Information
Inferences drawn from the above Personal Information to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes
Yes [〇]
Directly from you
Your browser or device
Suppliers and service providers where necessary to perform functions on our behalf
* To the extent not covered by HIPAA or CMIA or other sector-specific privacy laws
4. Purposes for Collecting Personal Information
We may collect, use or disclose your Personal Information for one or more of the following purposes:
(1)
The personal information below, that is, information the Company handles when customers order, use, or make inquiries about information-providing services or digital content delivery services, etc., will be used to the extent necessary for verifying the identities of customers, controlling credit, providing information-providing services or digital content delivery services, etc., calculating and invoicing charges for information-providing services or digital content delivery services, etc., and making contact with customers in relation to the above, etc.
In addition, the information will be used to the extent necessary to introduce and propose information-providing services and digital content delivery services, etc., implement measures to improve and enhance quality and customer satisfaction, etc. (including questionnaires), plan and develop new information-providing services or digital content delivery services, etc., manage and improve facilities related to the provision of the services, and conduct any other business related to the information-providing services or digital content delivery services, etc..
Even after a contract with a customer is terminated by withdrawal, etc., the personal information may still be used within the scope of the above purposes of use.
- Sex, e-mail address of the customer, and machinery, services, or products the customer uses
- Contact information on the customer (e-mail address)
- Items classifiable as personal information among the information items recorded in documents provided by the customer for verification of the customer’s identity
- Other items classifiable as personal information among the information items the Company handles when customers apply for, use, or make inquiries about the information-providing services or digital content delivery services
(2)
The personal information below, that is, information the Company handles when the Company’s customer contact point receives questions, requests, etc. (including proposals for the disclosure of personal information, etc.; hereinafter the same shall apply), may be used not only to the extent necessary to handle the contents of the relevant questions, requests, etc., but also to the extent necessary to improve the quality of information-providing services or digital content delivery services or develop new information-providing services or digital content delivery services based on the contents of the opinions, questions, etc. expressed by customers.
- Name, address, telephone number, email-address, etc. of the customer who submits the questions or requests
- Other items classifiable as personal information among the contents of the questions and requests
(3)
The personal information below, that is, information the Company handles when customers participate in questionnaires and other surveys conducted by the Company or apply for prize competitions or members-only programs (hereinafter referred to as “Participation in Questionnaires, etc.”), may be used to the extent necessary to send materials required for questionnaires and other surveys, rewards for questionnaires and other surveys, and gifts for prize competitions, to improve the quality of services, etc., to develop new information-providing services and digital content delivery services, etc., and to introduce the Company’s information-providing services and digital content delivery services, etc.
- Name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, age, date of birth, occupation, sex, etc. a customer provides the Company when participating in a questionnaire or another survey
- Other items classifiable as personal information among the information items a customer provides to the Company when the customer participates in a questionnaire, etc.
(4)
Personal information that the Company handles when conducting business consigned by other business entities (sales, brokerage, surveys, etc. for the products or services of other business entities) may be used to the extent necessary for conducting the consigned business. If the Company consigns part of its business, personal information received from the relevant subcontractor may be used to the extent necessary for the business.
5. Disclosure of Personal Information
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed all of the categories of Personal Information we collect, explained in the table above, to third parties listed in the table above, for business purposes. We do not sell Personal Information to third parties.
6. Recipients of Personal Information
We share Personal Information within the NTT Solmare Corporation parent and subsidiary companies (“Affiliates”) and with the categories of third parties listed in the table above for business purposes.
7. CCPA
As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the Personal Information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law):
List of CCPA Rights
Knowledge of Personal Information Collected
You have the right to request the following information regarding your Personal Information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:
The specific pieces of your Personal Information we have collected;
The categories of your Personal Information we have collected;
The categories of sources from which your Personal Information is collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Information; and
The categories of third parties with whom we shared or sold your Personal Information.
Access to Personal Information
You have the right to request a copy of the specific Personal Information we have collected in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity.
Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request the deletion of Personal Information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions such as the exercise of free speech, detection of security incidents, completion of a transaction for which your Personal Information was collected, compliance with a legal obligation, or others listed under Section 1798.105(d) of the California Civil Code.
Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales
You have the right to direct us not to sell personal information we have collected about you to third parties now or in the future. If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt-in, or to have a parent or guardian opt-in on your behalf, to such sales.
Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment from us for exercising the rights in this section. However, we may charge you a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you, if the difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by your Personal Information.
How to Exercise Your California Consumer Rights
Exercise your Right of Knowledge, Access and/or Deletion
Please submit a request by:
Making all such requests by emailing them to mp-support@sub.nttsolmare.com with the subject line “California Rights Request,”
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally require the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. Although we try to limit the Personal Information collected in connection with a request to exercise the knowledge, access or deletion rights to that Personal Information identified in your request, certain requests may require us to obtain additional Personal Information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the knowledge, access and/or deletion rights, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
To Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties. If that should change, we will make available to you a method to opt-out of such sale.
We do not and will not “sell” the Personal Information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "Right to Opt In") from either the minor who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age.
8. California’s “Shine the Light” Law
California Civil Code Section §1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of certain types of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. To make such a request, please send an email to mp-support@sub.nttsolmare.com. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the email address specified in this section.
9. Tracking
We do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
10. Updates to This Privacy Notice
We may and will update this Privacy Notice from time to time. When we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will change the "Last Updated" date at the beginning of this Privacy Notice. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notice.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Privacy Notice or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to
mp-support@sub.nttsolmare.com
Tweet