Privacy Policy
JUSI PTE.LTD. (“JUSI” or “we” or “us” or “our” or other similar pronouns) takes your (“you”or “user”or other similar pronouns ) privacy matters very seriously. The Policy details how we receive, collect and use information in connection with our website (the “Site”) and JusCall software (“JusCall” or the “Software”) (All of the foregoing, collectively, are named “Services”).
Collection of Information
When you install JusCall and log in, you will be asked to allow us to access your mobile device’s address book. Your and your contacts’ SIP accounts will be stored on our server for identification purpose. When you use JusCall, we may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to session statistics such as caller and callee’s accounts, IP addresses, begin time, call duration, your device name, system version, packet loss rate, codecs, RTT (Round-Trip Time), jitter, render FPS (frames per second), packet length and maximum resolution, to serve you better and facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you (if any) related to the software.
Use of Information
JusCall uses your information to provide you with and bill you for the Services, to communicate with you, to identify and fix problems with the Services, to update you on changes to the Services.
Third-party Sites and Privacy Practices
You may download JusCall from our site or other websites. In addition, our site may contain links that will let you leave it and access another website. JUSI is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of these other websites before registering for any products or services from them.
Analytics Collection
JUSI may use Google Analytics to help us analyze and evaluate how the site is used as part of our ongoing efforts to improve the site, features and services of JusCall. Google Analytics may have access to your information (including but not limited to IP address, web analytics and information processing) only for the purposes of performing these tasks and on behalf of JUSI. For more information about the terms that govern Google Analytics, please visit the Google Analytics terms of service.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source.
Right to erasure (the “Right to be Forgotten”)
You may request us to erase any of your personal information held by us that: Request access to Your Personal Data. The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Security
We take prudent and reasonable precaution to protect your information on our servers from misuse, loss and unauthorized access. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place safeguards to secure the information we collect online.
Without your consent, JUSI will never publish, edit or disclose your information except under the following circumstances:
(a) When it is necessary to comply with the law, or legal process served on us;
(b) Act in urgent circumstances to protect personal safety of users of our services or members of the public;
(c) Protect our trademarks and intellectual property;
(d) Cooperate with a judicial organ for the purpose of monitoring and detection prescribed by laws and regulations;
(e) Any other circumstances requiring such action.
Modifications to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify the Privacy Policy from time to time, with or without notice. We will post the revised Policy on the site, and you should agree to review the Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. Your continued use of the Software indicates your assent to any changes and signifies your agreement to the terms of our Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use the site, software, or any of other services.
Questions and Concerns
After reading our Privacy Policy, if you have questions or concerns about any of the statements herein, please do not hesitate to contact us at
support@juscall.global
.