Kudo Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is
        really important to Kudo Network Technology Co., Ltd ("Kudo", "our", "us" or
        "we"). We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and
        procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information we receive
        from users of our game applications for mobile devices and tablet computers
        (the “Apps”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide
        to us through the Apps. Kudo is dedicated to transparency, data privacy, and
        security, and follows the strict regulations required by the CCPA (California
        Consumer Privacy Act),
LGPD(
Lei
Geral
de
Proteção
de Dados) and GDPR (General Data
        Protection Regulation), as detailed in this privacy policy. If you have any
        concerns, please contact us using the methods provided in the Contact Us
        section of this document. If you disagree with your information being used as
        described in this Privacy Policy, please do not install or use the Services.
Reference Definition
Apple – means Apple, Inc.,
        any parent or group company or any successor thereof which operates the Apple
        mobile platform currently called “App Store”.
Apps – means Our mobile
        applications and any services provided through the Apps. It is a part of the
        Services which We provide to You.
Content – means all kinds
        of content, including, but not limited to information, data, text, articles,
        links, software, sound, music, photographs, graphic or video messages, tags or
        other materials uploaded, communicated, transmitted, created, generated or
        otherwise made available or accessible via Our Services, whether publicly
        available or privately transmitted by a Third-Party Supplier, or contributed,
        submitted, displayed or otherwise provided by You when using the Services, or
        as a result of Your interaction with other user of the Services.
Device – means an
        authorized smart phone or a tablet or other mobile device, which You own or
        otherwise legally control solely for Your lawful, personal, and non-commercial
        use.
EEA – means the European
        Economic Area.
Policy – means the privacy
        policy, which describes how We collect, use, process, store and share
        information that We collect about You.
Representative – means a
        parent, or a legal guardian, or other representative under the applicable law
        of a person between 16 and 18 years of age.
Services – means Apps and
        Our related services/products and websites, which You download, install, use
        and/or visit.
How do we collect and use
            information?
Our primary goals in
        collecting information are to provide and improve our Apps and related services
        (collectively, the “Services”), to administer your use of the Services
        (including your account, if you choose to create an account for your use of the
        Services), and to enable you to enjoy our Services. We may also collect
        information from advertising platforms and partners and other third-parties
        such as information about purchases and interests.
Account
            Information
In connection with your use
        of the Services, we do not collect any information that can be used to contact
        or identify you directly, such as your full name, email address, postal address
        or phone number (“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”). However, we
        may collect certain other information that you provide us, such as your
        nickname, if you use our Services as a guest. If you choose to create an
        account for your use of the Services through one of your third-party social
        networking accounts (such as Facebook,) (“SNS Accounts”), you may have to
        provide us with your username (or User ID) so that your identity can be
        authenticated by the SNS Account. When the authentication is complete, we’ll be
        able to link your account with the SNS Account and access certain information,
        such as your first name, SNS Account profile picture and SNS Account
        identification number. We don’t receive or store passwords for any of your SNS
        Accounts. Some details of orders (amount spent, date, time, vouchers or offers
        used) might be involved in case there is any questions about the order you
        make. We keep a record of these communications to provide customer service by
        answering your questions and providing you with a better experience using our
        app.
Payment
            Information
We’ll collect information
        related to any purchases you make. When you play Kudo’s games or access any of
        our other Services on connected third-party applications or platforms (like
        Facebook, Apple, Google, or Amazon), any purchases you make will be processed
        by that third-party application and subject to that third-party application’s
        terms of service and privacy policy. For these purchases, Kudo does not receive
        your financial information, but may receive non-financial information related
        to your purchases, like your name, approximate physical location, and the items
        purchased. The information Kudo receives depends on the Kudo game you’re playing
        and the third-party application. Kudo’s Terms of Service explain our policies
        and terms related to charges, billing, third-party credits, and virtual
        currencies. Please note that purchases of third-party credits or currencies are
        also subject to those parties’ terms of service and privacy policies.
Profile
            Information
If you register via
        Facebook accounts, we shall get your Facebook or Google ID for authentication
        purposes, as well as your name. In addition, your Facebook profile picture
        might appear within the game or our social media features.
Information
            Related to Use of the Services
Our servers automatically
        record certain information about how a person uses our Services (we refer to
        this information as “Log Data”), including both account holders and non-account
        holders (either, a “User”). Log Data may include information such as a User’s
        Internet Protocol (IP) address, device type, operating system, the links and
        advertisements on our Services that a User clicked on, the amount of time you
        interact with the Services and other statistics. We use this information to
        administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third-parties to
        analyze) this information to improve and enhance the Services by expanding
        their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users’ needs and
        preferences. We also use the IP Address to generate aggregate, non-identifying
        information about how our Services are used. We use
Thinkingdata
to collect, monitor and analyze Log Data in order to increase our Services’
        functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor our Services to our
        visitors’ needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the
        Services meet the criteria required to process their requests. Accordingly, Log
        Data is shared with
Thinkingdata
, which has its own
        privacy policy (accessible at
https://doc.thinkingdata.cn/tdamanual/installation/privacy.html
)
        addressing how
Thinkingdata
uses such information.
Location
            Information and Other Information
In some case we collect and
        store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP
        address into a rough geolocation. We may use location information to improve
        and personalize our Services for you. Similarly, we may ask for access to your
        camera in case you want to use certain features of our Services.
Mobile
            Device Information
When you access the
        Services via a mobile device, we will collect information related to the mobile
        device like your unique device ID(persistent/non-persistent), your device
        operating system, version, model, CPU, amount of RAM and disk space, hardware
        type, Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), Advertising ID, the version of your
        operating system ("OS"), your device name, Game Center ID, and your
        location based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, when
        communicating between you and us, whether via email, or through social media
        channels. We may use this information to improve and personalize our Services
        for you.
Advertising &
            Third-Party Products and Services
The Services are supported
        via advertising, and we collect certain data to help the Services serve ads. We
        may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Services are
        being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers
        and third-party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with
        advertising provided in the Services which helps us keep the cost of the
        Services low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information
        collected by the Services, including the unique identification ID of your
        mobile device. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an
        encryption technology to help ensure that these third-parties can’t identify
        you personally. These third-parties may also obtain information about other
        services you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you
        visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other
        non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted
        advertising on the Services and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions
        of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append
        other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
How We May Share or
            Disclose Your Information with Third-Parties?
Third-party Websites,
        Social Media Platforms, and Software Development Kits.
We may share your
        information as described in this Privacy Policy (to provide the Services with
        our Third-party Service Providers; to comply with legal obligations; to protect
        and defend our rights and property) or with your consent.
Account
            holders
If you choose to connect
        your SNS Account to the Services, other Users of the Services will be able to
        see your SNS Account first name and profile picture and information related to
        your use of the Services, such as the number of times you have accessed or used
        the Services. For more information about the processing driven by the
        third-parties regarding social sharing features, please visit the privacy
        policies of the providers found here:
·
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
·
Game Center:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww
·
Google Play Games:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Guest
            Users
If you choose to use the
        Services without connecting to an SNS Account, your nickname and information related
        to your use of the Services, such as the number of times you have accessed or
        used the Services, will be viewable by other Users.
Information
            Shared with Our Services Providers
We may engage third-party
        service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. These
        third-party services providers have access to your information only for the
        purpose of performing services on our behalf and are expressly obligated not to
        disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Information
            Shared with Third-Parties
We may share aggregated
        information and non-identifying information with third-parties for industry
        analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
Information
            Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions
Information that we collect
        from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset. As a
        result, if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy or if we are acquired as a
        result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your information
        may be disclosed or transferred to the third-party acquirer in connection with
        the transaction.
Information
            Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others
It is our policy to protect
        you from having your privacy violated through abuse of the legal systems,
        whether by individuals, entities or government, and to contest claims that we
        believe to be invalid under applicable law. However, it is also our policy to
        cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties.
        Accordingly, we reserve the right to disclose any information about you to
        government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole
        discretion, believe necessary: (
i
) to satisfy or
        comply with any applicable law, regulation or legal process or to respond to
        lawful requests, including subpoenas, warrants or court orders; (ii) to protect
        our property, rights and safety and the rights, property and safety of
        third-parties or the public in general; and (iv) to prevent or stop activity we
        consider to be illegal or unethical.
Information
            We Disclose
With
Your Consent or at Your Request
We will share your
        information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking
        sites, if you have expressly requested that we do so via the Services.
Law
            enforcement or government bodies
We may disclose your
        personal data as permitted by law in order to investigate, prevent or take
        action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violation of our
        intellectual property rights, situations involving potential threats to the
        physical safety of any person, violation of our Terms and Conditions or other
        agreements, or as required by law.
The Security of Your
            Information
We take reasonable measures
        to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your
        information) from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Please be aware,
        however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or
        storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the
        absolute security of any information.
Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain
        links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to
        a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the
        website or service and is subject to that party’s privacy policy. Our Privacy
        Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not responsible
        for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites
        or services. To protect your
information
we recommend
        that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services
        that you access.
Modifying Your Information
You can access and modify
        the information associated with your account in the “Settings” section of the
        Services. If you want us to delete your information and your account, please
        contact us at
support@kudo.games
with your request.
        We’ll take steps to delete your information as soon as is practicable, but some
        information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as
        otherwise required by law.
International
            Transfer
All Personal Information
        collected via or by Kudo may be stored anywhere in the world, including, but
        not limited to, in China, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud,
        on our servers and on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our Service
        Providers. When we transfer your Personal Information internationally, we will
        take reasonable steps to ensure that it is treated securely, lawfully and in
        the manner, we describe here. Please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to
        jurisdiction, so the privacy laws applicable to the places where your
        information is transferred to or stored, used or processed in may be different
        from the privacy laws applicable to the place where you are resident. Your
        information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside
        of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the
        privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you’re
        located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, we
        may transfer your information to the United States and China and process it
        there.
By providing information to
        Kudo, you consent to the storage of your Personal Information in these
        locations.
If you are using our
        Services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data
        collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your
        information to China and the United States and to Processing of your data
        globally. We share your personal data with our affiliates in the EU and outside
        the EU. International transfers with PLR affiliates outside the EEA, are
        governed by EU Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses for Controllers
        and, where relevant, for Processors. We share personal data with external
        vendors or service providers or suppliers that we engage to perform services or
        functions on our behalf and under our instructions. Where these vendors are
        located within the EU, we ensure that they are contractually obligated to
        comply with the EU data protection rules. We also ensure in our contracts with
        these organizations that they only Process Personal Data in accordance with our
        instructions and in order to provide the agreed services and protect the
        integrity and confidentiality of your personal data entrusted to them.
Our Policy Toward Children
Our Services are not
        directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children
        under 13. If you are a parent or legal representative of a child under the age
        of 13 (or under 16 in certain jurisdictions in the European Union) who uses our
        games, please contact us at
support@kudo.games
and if
        we learn that we have collected PII of a child under 13, we will take steps to
        delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be
        updated from time to time for any reason. We might notify you of any changes to
        our Privacy Policy by way of notification or pop-up. Your continued use of our
        Services signifies your acceptance of changes to this Privacy Policy. You are
        advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
California Privacy Rights
According to the California
        Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), users who are California residents may request and
        obtain a list of the Third-Parties to whom we have disclosed their personal
        information (if any) and the type of personal information disclosed to those
        parties during the prior calendar year.
USER RIGHTS
Right
            to correct personal information
We try to keep the
        information that we hold about you accurate and up to date. Should you realize
        that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us
        know at
support@kudo.games
and we will correct it as
        soon as we can.
Right
            To Delete
You have the right to
        request the deletion of the personal information we have collected from you and
        retained, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to have your data deleted
        sooner, please contact us at
support@kudo.games
Once
        we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and
        direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our
        records.
Right
            to opt-out
You have the right to opt
        out of the sale of personal information, which is defined in a way that may
        include the transfer of data to third parties to personalize ads for you. If
        you opt-out of the sale or share of your information, we will not sell or share
        your information, including to our advertising partners, but you may still see
        ads in the game and some of our partners may deliver ads to you, based on
        information they hold on you. About how to adjust your preferences for
        interest-based advertising for more information:
1. Disconnect your social media or network account from
        our games;
2. Reset your mobile advertising identifier or limit ad
        tracking altogether using the settings on your phone.
3. Limit or prevent the use of cookies in your web
        browsers.
Advertising Partners
When you play our games or
        use our Services, the advertising networks and their partners, that are listed
        below, and would like your consent, may collect or receive device information
        from our apps and other apps that include personal and non-personal
        information, such as advertising (or ad) identifiers, IP address, or other
        information regarding the delivery of advertisements and your interaction with
        them non-personal identifiers and other information from your device is
        collected and shared with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery
        of ads to your device If you consent to or are opted into, the collection and use
        of your data for targeted advertising purposes by our advertising partners. We
        recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more
        information. You can refuse or withdraw your consent to such use at any time.
AdColony
Privacy Policy:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Amazon Developer
Privacy Policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Manage your personalized ad preferences in
        relation to Amazon directly from your Amazon account here:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
AppLovin
and
Applovin
MAX
Privacy
Policy:
https
://www.applovin.com/privacy
BidMachine
Privacy
Policy:
https
://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/
ChartBoost
Privacy Policy:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Meta Audience Network
Privacy
Policy:
https
://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You can manage your personalized ad preferences in
        relation to Facebook directly from your Facebook account.
Fyber
Privacy
Policy:
https
://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
Google
AdMob
and their partners
Privacy Policy of
Google:
https
://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
AdMob
Partners:
https
://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
You can opt-out from
AdMob
by Google service by following the instructions:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Google AdSense
Google Ads Settings web
page:
https
://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Index Exchange
Privacy
Policy:
https
://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
InMobi
Privacy
Policy:
https
://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Opt-out:
https
://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/
ironSource
Privacy Policy:
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Mintegral
Privacy
Policy:
https
://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
MobileFuse
Privacy
Policy:
https
://mobilefuse.com/privacy-policy/
MyTarget
Privacy
Policy:
https
://legal.my.com/us/mytarget/privacy/
Pangle
Privacy
Policy:
https
://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
PubMatic
Privacy
Policy:
https
://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Opt-out:
https
://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
PubNative
Privacy
Policy:
https
://pubnative.net/privacy-notice/
Smaato
and their vendors
Privacy
Policy:
https
://www.smaato.com/privacy/
For more information on the
Smaato
Vendors, please
visit:
https
://www.smaato.com/partner-list/
Tapjoy
Privacy
Policy:
https
://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
Unity Ads
Privacy
Policy:
https
://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Verve
Privacy
Policy:
https
://www.verve.com/privacy-policy/
Vungle
Privacy
Policy:
https
://vungle.com/privacy/
Yahoo and partners
Privacy
Policy:
https
://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
For more information on Yahoo partners, please visit:
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/topic/ourpartners/index.htm
Analytics and other service providers
Analytics and other service
            providers
We use your information to
        perform our own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties and
        other essential functions. We use analytical information for supporting
        business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, improving
        the Services, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making
        recommendations. In order to learn about how your information is used by our
        analytics service providers, you can follow the hyperlinks in the list below to
        each provider’s privacy notice.
AppsFlyer
Privacy Policy:
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
AWS
Privacy Policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Facebook Ads conversion
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Facebook Analytics
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Firebase
Instructions provided by
        Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is an
        analytics service provided by Google Inc.
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
For more information visit the site “How Google
        uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps” available
at:
https
://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Yandex
Privacy Policy:
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/?lang=en
Thinking Data
Privacy Policy:
https://doc.thinkingdata.cn/tdamanual/installation/privacy.html
Tenjin
Privacy Policy:
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy
Questions?
Please contact us at
support@kudo.games
if you have any questions about our
        Privacy Policy.