Stats Zone iOS App
Subscription Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact
colm@tiki-taka.co
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://statszone.tiki-taka.co/legals/privacy_policy.html:
Stats Zone iOS App
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. We collect only a minimum of personal data. The data we collect is necessary for maintaining and improving Stats Zone. This Privacy Policy gives you an overview of the data we collect and what we do with it.
Last updated: January 22, 2018
Tiki-Taka Limited (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Stats Zone iOS app (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
We may collect information that your app sends when you access the Service (“Log Data”).
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Log Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, the screens of our Service that you visit, the time spent on those screens and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics or Firebase that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service’s functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used (for example to deliver Push Notifications).
These third parties would have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
If Tiki-Taka Limited is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Information may be transferred.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this screen.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this screen.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Contact
colm@tiki-taka.co