Privacy Notice
Cytric Mobile
First Layer
Basic
  information about the processing of Personal Data
Data
  Controller
Amadeus IT Group, S.A. (“Amadeus”),
  i:FAO Group GmbH (“i:FAO”)
Purpose
  of Personal Data Processing
To provide cytric mobile services (the
  “cytric mobile”) to Amadeus and/or i:FAO Customers in accordance with a
  contract that has been entered between Amadeus or i:FAO and an Amadeus or
  i:FAO customer. Cytric mobile is a solution that enables Amadeus or i:FAO
  Customers to provide their Authorized Users (“Travelers”) access to cytric
  travel and expense in order to perform business travel bookings and other
  services and to monitor the safety and wellbeing of Travelers throughout a
  trip including sending notifications to Travelers.
Legal Grounds for Processing
Performance of a contract
Legitimate business interest
Consent
Recipients
  of the Personal Data
Amadeus Affiliates and Third-Party
  Service Providers
Data
  subject's rights
Under certain circumstances, you
  have rights to access, review and restrict processing of Personal Data as
  well as the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Second Layer
Amadeus and i:FAO are
committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and end users Personal
Data they collect and process and will adhere to the policies and practices
described in this cytric Mobile Privacy Notice (the “Privacy Notice”), as well
as any applicable customer agreement as it relates to the processing of Personal
Data.
This Privacy Notice describes
how Amadeus and/or i:FAO collect and process Personal Data when providing cytric
Mobile Services
through the cytric Mobile
App (the "App"). Amadeus and/or i:FAO process Personal Data to
provide the cytric Mobile Services, as agreed in the contract between Amadeus or
i:FAO and the Amadeus or i:FAO Customer. The cytric Mobile Services monitor the
safety and wellbeing of a traveler (end user), including sending communications
at the request of an Amadeus or i:FAO Customer. The use of the App is subject
to the Amadeus and i:FAO Customers policies and the App
Terms of Use
This Privacy Notice only
addresses the processing of Personal Data directly collected by Amadeus or
i:FAO through the
cytric Mobile App
. This Privacy
Notice does not apply to the Personal Data that may be collected or processed
by Amadeus or i:FAO for other purposes, such as through Amadeus or i:FAO
websites, or the Personal Data of travelers included in the travel information
processed in the Amadeus GDS or Personal Data transferred from an Amadeus
Customer to Amadeus in order to provide the
cytric
Mobile Services to you. Where Personal Data is
collected for other purposes, the relevant privacy notice will be provided
explaining the purposes the Personal Data is being processed for.
Use of the cytric Mobile
Services by travelers is subject to the policies of the Amadeus or i:FAO Customer
who has contracted with Amadeus or i:FAO for the Amadeus Mobile Messenger
Services. Amadeus and i:FAO are not responsible for the privacy or security
practices of Amadeus or i:FAO Customers and these may differ from the practices
of Amadeus or i:FAO. If you wish to make any changes to your Personal Data that
is processed through the cytric Mobile
Services,
this request should be made to the Amadeus or i:FAO Customer directly.
Who
is collecting and processing the Personal Data?
This cytric Mobile Privacy
Notice applies to Personal Data that Amadeus and/or i:FAO collects when
providing access to the cytric
Mobile App
pursuant to a contract with an Amadeus or i:FAO
Customer.
What
Personal Data is processed?
Amadeus and/or i:FAO collect and process Personal Data
through the use of the cytric
Mobile App
.
The types of Personal Data that are processed
may include:
·
Identification data;
·
Device and network data;
·
Usage data;
·
IP address;
·
Location data;
·
Travel data; and
·
Any other info you provide to us in contact
forms.
What purpose is the Personal Data used
for?
Amadeus and/or i:FAO process
the Personal Data collected from you via the cytric Mobile App for the purposes
of:
·
Providing cytric Mobile Services to the Amadeus
or i:FAO Customer, these are booking and travel related services as well as incident
and risk management services enabling an Amadeus Customer to assist travelers
by monitoring the travelers safety through information that may be collected
through the cytric Mobile App and communicating with travelers in accordance
with the App Terms of Use and in accordance with the contract that has been
entered into between Amadeus or i:FAO and an Amadeus or i:FAO Customer;
·
Sending you important information regarding the
App, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative
information;
·
Protecting travelers, Amadeus or i:FAO Customers,
Amadeus and i:FAO from fraud and other illegal activities and addressing
security or technical issues in connection with the cytric Mobile Services;
·
Detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing
security or technical issues in connection with services provided through the cytric
App; and
·
For our internal business purposes, such as data
analysis, audits, developing new products, improving our services, developing
Amadeus and/or i:FAO solutions, and identifying usage trends.
In addition to this Privacy
Notice, processing of Personal Data is subject to any applicable agreements
with the Amadeus or i:FAO Customer.
What is the legal basis for the
processing of the Personal Data?
Amadeus and i:FAO rely on a
variety of legal grounds to process Personal Data through the cytric Mobile App,
including necessary for the performance of a contract, legitimate interest of
Amadeus or i.FAO and consent.
Performance of a contract
The processing of your Personal
Data is necessary for the performance of the contract you enter by accessing
the App and accepting the App Terms of Use.
Legitimate interest
Amadeus and i:FAO require
your data to pursue the legitimate interests of Amadeus or i:FAO in a way that
might be reasonably be expected provided this does not materially impact an
individual’s rights freedoms or interests, this would include Amadeus or
i:FAO’s performance of the contract with the Amadeus or i:FAO Customer for the
Amadeus Mobile Messenger Services.
Consent
Amadeus and i:FAO may collect
and process Personal Data with consent, this would include access to location
data.
Who are the Personal Data shared with?
Amadeus or i:FAO may share Personal
Data with its affiliates, agents, and third-party service providers such as
suppliers of information technology services, security services, and legal,
financial/accounting service providers, and other similar professional
advisers. Amadeus or i:FAO may also share Personal Data with third parties, if
Amadeus or i:FAO choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of the business or
assets. If there is a change of control of the business those who purchase the
business or part of may use Personal Data in the same way as set out under this
Privacy Notice.
Where such disclosure takes
place, Amadeus and i:FAO require the appropriate technical and organizational
security measures to be in place to protect Personal Data, and for Personal Data
to be processed lawfully. Amadeus and i:FAO only allows affiliates and
third-party service providers to process Personal Data on behalf of Amadeus or
i:FAO for specified purposes and in accordance with Amadeus’ or i:FAO’s instructions.
Further information on the
affiliates and third-party service providers that Amadeus or i:FAO uses to
process Personal Data on their behalf can be requested through using the contact
details found in the
“Contacting Us”
section
of this Privacy Notice. When requesting this information please refer to
information about affiliates and third-party service providers so that the
relevant information can be provided.
Amadeus and i:FAO may also
disclose Personal Data as required by law, subpoena, or regulation, or when
requested by a government, law enforcement authority, or as otherwise required
or permitted by law.
International
Transfer of Personal Data
When Amadeus or i:FAO share your Personal Data with its
affiliates and third-party service providers who process Personal Data on
behalf of Amadeus or i:FAO this will involve transferring Personal Data outside
the European Economic Area (EEA). When Personal Data is transferred to another
country it will continue to receive adequate protection through contractual or
other arrangements put in place with Affiliates and third-party service
providers. For these transfers at least one of the following appropriate safeguards
will be implemented;
·
Personal
Data will be transferred to countries that have been deemed to provide an
adequate level of protection for Personal Data by the European Commission;
·
Standard
data protection clauses approved by the European Commission which give personal
data transferred the same protection it has in EEA;
Further information on the appropriate safeguards used when
transferring Personal Data outside the EEA can be requested through the contact
details set out below in the
“Contacting Us” section
.
When requesting this information please make a reference to the transfer of
personal data outside the EEA.
Security and Integrity of Personal
Data
Amadeus and i:FAO have taken
the appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect Personal
Data from loss or unlawful processing. When Personal Data is processed on
behalf of Amadeus or i:FAO, access is limited to those who require access on a
business need-to-know basis. Personal Data will be processed in accordance with
the instructions of Amadeus and i:FAO and those who have access are subject to
a duty of confidentiality.
Amadeus and i:FAO have in
place procedures to deal with any suspected Personal Data breach and will
notify individuals and any applicable regulator of a breach where they are
legally required to do so.
Third Party Sites
This Privacy Notice does not
address how other organizations process Personal Data. In providing the cytric Mobile
Services links may be provided to other organizations including social media
platforms. Processing of Personal Data by third parties will be subject to the
relevant third-party terms of use and privacy notices.
Retention of Personal Data
Amadeus and i:FAO will retain Personal Data provided by you
for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes it was collected for including
for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
At the end of that retention
period Personal Data will either be deleted completely or anonymized, for
example by aggregation with other data so that it can be used in a
non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
Legal
rights
Individuals should contact the relevant Amadeus or i:FAO Customer
providing the incident and risk management services with any issues or requests
they may have relating to Personal Data processed in the delivery of cytric Mobile
Services. If you are a traveler, end user of the App and you wish to make any
changes to your contact information or communication preferences, you will need
to do so by contacting the Amadeus or i:FAO Customer providing access to the
services.
Under certain circumstances
individuals can exercise their rights under data protection laws to access,
review, correct, update, or otherwise limit use of Personal Data that has been
provided to Amadeus or i:FAO. Individuals may exercise these rights relating to
their own Personal Data or contact Amadeus or i:FAO for other data protection
related questions by (i) for Amadeus: emailing dataprotection@amadeus.com or
writing to our Chief Privacy Officer at Amadeus IT Group, S.A. C/Salvador de
Madariaga 1, 28027 Madrid, Spain, or (ii) for i:FAO emailing
datenschutz@i:fao.net
or writing to our Data Privacy Officer at i:FAO GmbH Clemensstraße
9, 60487 Frankfurt am Main. Please ask the person who provides you with access
to cytric Mobile Services if it is an Amadeus or an i:FAO Customer in order to
ensure that you reach out to the right person. In case you reach out to the
wrong entity we will try to redirect your request internally if possible.
Amadeus and i:FAO will require
authentication of the identity of the individual wishing to exercise their
rights under data protection laws and may require additional information to
assist in responding to requests.
Individuals rights
Amadeus and i:FAO intend to
carefully address any request and/or claim from individuals.  You are entitled
to file any claim or complaint before the relevant data protection authorities,
if the answer provided by Amadeus or i:FAO does not meet your expectations.
Additional Privacy Disclosures for the
United States California and Nevada
If you are a California or Nevada
(United States) resident, please see our Additional Privacy Disclosures for the
United States California and Nevada here
https://amadeus.com/en/policies/additional-privacy-disclosures-us-california-nevada
,
which is incorporated by reference into this Privacy Notice.
Updates
This Privacy Notice is published
by Amadeus IT Group S.A. and may be changed at any time. The date it was
updated is shown here: 5
th
May 2021.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Notice, please contact
us by e-mail at
dataprotection@amadeus.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://eur01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Famadeus.com%2Fen%2Fpolicies%2Fadditional-privacy-disclosures-us-california-nevada&data=02%7C01%7C%7C0d33f9b7d1af44cfa5f308d7f24fbaca%7Cb3f4f7c272ce4192aba4d6c7719b5766%7C0%7C0%7C637244296558599431&sdata=C0Tqfp90Enmbo0nRjmG8X6TUNvQU93o6VB9AxW8ZeP4%3D&reserved=0:
Home
Privacy and Legal Notices
Additional Privacy Disclosures for the United States California and Nevada
Additional Privacy Disclosures for the United States California and Nevada
Last updated - December 2019
Additional Privacy Disclosures for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) effective January 1, 2020, Amadeus IT Group S.A. (“we” or “Amadeus”) my means of this notice (the “Notice”) we are providing the following details regarding personal information (as defined in the CCPA) about travelers, website users and business partners who are California residents that we have collected or disclosed within the preceding 12 months. This Notice supplements Amadeus’ privacy notices.
​
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We collected the following categories of personal information:
A. Identifiers, such as name, contact information, online identifiers, email address, account name and other government-issued identifiers;
B. Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, subdivision (e) of Section 1798;
C. Commercial information, such as transaction information and transaction history;
D. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website;
E. Geolocation data, such as device location and IP location; and
F. Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer.
We may use this personal information for the following business purposes: (i) to operate, manage, and maintain our business, (ii) to provide our products and services, and (iii) to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, using personal information to develop, improve, repair, and maintain our products and services and to fulfill your requests; personalize, advertise, and market our products and services; conduct research, analytics, and data analysis; maintain our property; undertake quality and safety assurance measures; conduct risk and security control and monitoring; detect and prevent fraud; perform identity verification; perform accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations; to carry out corporate transactions, such as mergers, joint ventures or acquisitions; comply with law, legal process, and internal policies; maintain records; and exercise and defend legal claims.
Disclosures Made to Third Parties
We disclosed the following personal information to third parties such as our service providers, affiliates and Amadeus System Users (e.g., travel providers such as airlines, hotels, airports and other travel suppliers and subscribers to the Amadeus System such as travel agents) for our operational business purposes:
A. Identifiers, such as name, contact information, online identifiers, email address, account name and other government-issued identifiers;
B. Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, subdivision (e) of Section 1798;
C. Commercial information, such as transaction information and transaction history;
D. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website;
E. Geolocation data, such as device location and IP location; and
F. Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer.
“Sales” of Personal Information
We have not “sold” your personal information nor will we do so without first revising this Notice.
For purposes of this Notice, “sold” or “sale” means the disclosure of personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration but does not include, for example, the transfer of personal information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business.
However, we do allow third parties to collect personal information through our services and share personal information with third parties for the business purposes we’ve described in this Notice. For more information, please refer to the relevant Amadeus privacy notice.​
Access Requests
If you are a California resident, you may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of personal information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information about you;
The categories of personal information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such personal information (if applicable).
To make such a request, please contact us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below. In some instances, we may decline to honor your request where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of personal information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another California resident.
Deletion Requests
If you are a California resident, you may request that we delete personal information we collected from you. To make such a request, please contact us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below. In some instances, we may decline to honor your request where an exception applies, such as when we need the information to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected or when the disclosure of personal information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another California resident.
Unlawful Discrimination
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Additional Privacy Disclosures for Nevada Residents
We do not sell Covered Information as defined under Nevada law.
Contacting Us
For additional information on any of the above, or to submit a request for personal information under the CCPA, you may contact us at
dataprotection@amadeus.com
Updates
This Notice is published by Amadeus IT Group S.A. and may be changed at any time, subject to applicable legal requirements to notify you or obtain your consent. The date it was last updated is
24thDecember 2019
.
We use our own and third-party cookies to analyze your use of our services and display advertising related to your preferences based on your browsing habits (e.g., pages visited). You may configure your preferences by clicking “Cookie Settings” and may find more information in our
Cookie Notice
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Your Privacy
Technical cookies
Analytical or performance cookies
Personalisation cookies
Behavioural advertising cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Analytical or performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Personalisation cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Behavioural advertising cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel