A smarter
future.
We provide the platform and tools for you to better manage your farm and livestock. Our products work with each other, but most importantly – they work with you.
A smarter future
​
Heat and health monitoring, autonomous weighing and fencing solutions you can trust.
Learn more
Livestock identification
Livestock Identification offers a comprehensive range of tagging solutions providing high retention, reliable EID readability and visual colour identification for both Official and Non Official tags. High quality laser marking allows bespoke management information to be included.
Learn more
Livestock performance
& monitoring
Track your animals individual performance with EID readers and weigh scales. Our digital platform provides you with the intel to make informed decisions about managing performance to target weights.
Learn more
Animal health
Accurate and reliable animal health delivery tools including injectors, oral drenchers and topical applicators.
Learn more
Farm infrastructure
Core farm infrastructure across a range of products including powerful electric fence systems, fencing tools, pasture monitoring and measurement.
Learn more
News
What our customers are saying
"I've seen cows showing up 36 to 48 hours before any visible signs, I have brought them in and any issues have been caught in time before it turns into a bigger issue "
Richard Power
"The Datamars livestock app on the phone is very simple to use. On the couple of occasions I have had to contact Customer Support, they have been quick and the problem has been resolved very efficiently. "
John O'Sullivan
"The XR5000 is a game changer! It collects and delivers as much or as little information as you want it to."
Ian Norbury
Contact Us
Clicking “SEND” I declare to have read and understood the information notice: purpose b) contact/information requests.
Privacy Policy
Send
Thanks for submitting!
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.datamars.ie/privacy-policy:
top of page
PRIVACY POLICY
Information notice pursuant to Art. 13 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”)
Information to be provided where personal data are collected from the data subject
According to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) we provide you the due information concerning the processing of collected personal data. This notice is not to be considered valid for other websites attainable trough links and data controller shall not be held responsible for third parties’ web pages.
This notice is provided pursuant to art. 13 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) and according to the provisions of the Directive 2002/58/CE, as amended by Directive
2009/136/CE
on Cookies.
Cookies
For more information on how this website uses Cookies, please visit the Cookie Policy using the link on the bottom left of the screen.
1. Data Controller
Pursuant to art. 4 and 24 of the Reg. (EU) 2016/679, the Data Controller is Datamars Agri Ltd.  with registered office in Unit 2, Little Island Industrial Estate, Little Island, T45 FK66, Cork, Ireland, in person of its Legal Representative.
2. Personal data
Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can directly or indirectly be identified, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, a location data, an online identifier or to one or more specific factors to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity (C26, C27, C30).
3. Purposes and Lawfulness of Processing, Data Retention and Nature of Conferral
4. Recipients or Categories of Recipients of Personal Data
Provided data may be communicated to recipients who will act as Processors (art. 28 of the Reg. EU 2016/679) and/or persons acting under the authority of the Controller and the Processor (art.29 of the Reg. UE 2016/679) for the purposes pointed ahead. Precisely, your data may be communicated to recipients being part of the following categories:
Subjects providing services for the management of the information system and communications networks (including E-mail boxes), newsletter services, freelancers, Offices or companies in the context of assistance and consultancy;
Competent authorities for compliance with legal obligations and / or provisions of public bodies, upon request;​
An up-to-date Data Processors’ listing could be requested contacting the Data Controller.
5. Data Transfer to A Third Country and/or International Organisation
Personal data may be transferred to a third Country within or outside the EEA, subject to the limits and conditions set forth by art. 44 and following articles of the Regulation EU 2016/679, namely:
to third countries or international organisations on the basis of an adequacy decision of the Commission (art. 45 Regulation EU 2016/679) (SWITZERLAND);
to third countries or international organisations that have provided appropriate safeguards and on condition that enforceable data subject rights and effective legal remedies for data subjects are available (art. 46 Regulation EU 2016/679);
to third countries or international organisations on the basis of derogations for specific situations (art. 49 Regulation EU 2016/679).
6. Data Subject’s Rights
You may freely exercise your rights, at any time, under Reg. EU 2016/679 – GDPR pursuant to art. 15 GDPR and following contacting the Data Controller at:
privacy@datamars.com
You have the right, at any time, to obtain from the Data Controller the access to your personal data (art. 15), request their rectification (art. 16), erasure (art. 17) or request processing restriction (art. 18). Furthermore, you have the right to object anytime to personal data processing based upon the legitimate interest of Data Controller (art. 21), withdraw your consent where previously given, as well as to ask for data portability (where envisaged) (art. 20).
​
To unsubscribe from direct marketing feeds (eg. Newsletters, E-Mail), please write to
privacy@datamars.com
or use our automated unsubscribing tools.
​
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, in case you consider the processing conflicting with Reg. UE 2016/679 you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (
www.ico.org.uk
).
​
Amendments: Data processor retains the right to modify, update, add or remove parts of this informative at any time. Date of review: March 16, 2021
bottom of page