Cash for Steps Privacy Policy
For Cash for Steps ("we" / “our”) data protection and confidentiality is a high priority.
This Privacy Policy explains how do we use the personal data we collect and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you use our mobile app and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us.
Information we collect
Information you provide to us
We collect information you provide voluntarily to us, such as when you participate in a contest and promotion, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support, send us an email or otherwise interact with us. The types of information we may collect about you include your name, social networking screen names or IDs, social networking profile picture, email address, geolocation data and any other information you choose to provide.
Information we collect automatically
When you use our Services, we may also collect certain information automatically from you and/or your device which may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws, such as:
Data and analytics about your use of our Services (e.g. in-app progress, fitness activity, session length, preferred settings, which in-game adverts you may have viewed, in-game references or just game preferences, the means by which you were referred to our Services)
Your IP address and device identifiers such as your Advertising ID, Device ID numbers
Your device type and the operating system that you use
Your Service communications (e.g. in-game follow actions which you can exchange with other users)
Geographic location
Other Information: collected by cookies and other tracking technologies: we use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience and see which areas and features of our Services are popular.
Information from third parties: We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you log into our Services by using a third party site or platform such as Facebook and any other social media, we may access information about you from that site or platform, such as your screen name, profile information, including picture, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third party site or platform. We may also collect information from app stores when you download or update one of our applications. We may also receive personal information about you from other third-party service providers and advertising partners.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising in our Services via showing third party advertisements in our Services, as well as advertise our own Services via third parties.
We may disclose your personal information to advertising networks for the purpose of their direct marketing. Thus, we may send your advertising ID and IP address to ad networks to enable our partners to serve appropriate ads in accordance with GDPR article 6(1)(f). "Advertising ID" means the Apple Identifier for Advertisers (“IDFA”) on Apple, and Google Advertising Identity (“GAID”). These are unique identifiers for mobile devices that we and our advertising network partners use for interest-based advertising (targeted). They are consistent across all apps and thus allow cross-app tracking. These identifiers are used by ad networks for a number of purposes, in addition to targeted advertisement, thus we encourage you to check the Privacy Policies of our partners. You can find a list of our existing advertising networks partners and other third-party service providers and in which countries they are located by
clicking here
. These advertising networks may be located in countries outside EU/EEA that have less restrictive data protection legislation. For such advertising networks in countries outside EU/EEA, the legal basis for the transfer is your consent pursuant to the GDPR article 49(1)(a). You can opt out of all third-party targeted advertisements, for all apps, using the device-level opt our settings on your device. If you use an Apple device, a guide for opting out can be found
here
. If you use an Android device, navigate to the Google Settings page, select Ads and then choose to reset your Android Ad ID or opt-out of targeted ads.
We may allow third parties to provide analytics services in connection with our Services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other tracing technologies to collect information about your use of our Services, including your IP address, MAC address, device identifiers, software and hardware information, browser information, time zone and usage information. We and others may use this information to, among other things, analyse and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests and better understand your activity on our Services.
Third-party ad serving and analytics technologies are integrated into our Services, so if you do not want to be subject to these technologies, do not use or access our Services.
Our Services may also integrate third party Application Program Interfaces (APIs) and/or SDK’s, which allow others to collect and process information about you, including but not limited to your geo-location information, to provide you with targeted advertisements, offers and other content. You always have the ability to control the collection and use of your geo-location information. You may disable location-based services at any time by adjusting the settings of your mobile device.
When you grant permission, this application collects precise location data from your mobile device as well as your
	mobile advertising ID and/or similar pseudonymous IDs, including when you are not using the app. We share that data with third party ad companies
	such as
InMarket
to use for tailored advertising, ad campaign measurement and attribution, and analytics. To learn more about these digital
	advertising practices, please visit the
digital advertising alliance code
. If you’d like to review or update your choices regarding the use of precise
	location data by third parties, you may do so via your device settings and/or the settings of this app [The app may want to provide additional
	information about the internal app location permissions toggle switch, if applicable], or by visiting our opt-out page [include hyperlink] to submit a
	request. Mobile applications that collect precise location information generally offer consumers choice mechanisms. A helpful description of many
	leading mobile platform choice mechanisms is available
here
.
To help us improve our service we collect the following information on an anonymous basis: Operating System, BluetoothName, Carrier Code (Android only), Carrier Name, Sim Code, Charging Status, Device Model, Device Manufacturer, Country, Locale, Bundle ID, Date & time, SSID (network), BSSID (network), Latitude, Longitude, Accuracy (GPS), Scanned networks. In addition to helping us to measure the usage of our app this anonymous information is shared with third parties for their business purposes, including the creation of reports, market research and trend analysis. One of these third parties is Huq, data shared does not contain information from which users can be identified and we will not provide additional information to such third parties that enables such third parties to identify you. You can find a full description of Huq and what it does with the information collected via our app
here
.
Social media, links to websites, other platforms
Our Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature and information about your app status and progress, etc. may be showed on these media. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Our Services may contain links to websites, social media, platforms etc. We are not responsible for the contents of the websites, social media, platforms etc. of other companies or for the practices of such companies regarding the collection of personal information.
If you use social login (e.g. Facebook Login) for authentication, social platforms may use your personal information for their own purposes. In this situation please refer to Facebook’s privacy- and other relevant policies.
How we use your information
Cash for Steps collects your information so that we can:
Manage and verify your account.
Notify you with information about events and additional information we think you might like.
Providing best bonuses according to your location.
Delivering and improving our services. We use your information for developing, delivering and improving the app, services, and content, tailoring our products and services, providing updates, technical troubleshooting.
Displaying advertisements. We use your information for showing advertisements in the app.
Tracking and fraud prevention for advertising purposes. We use your information for tracking how our advertising campaigns perform and for identifying and preventing fraud for our advertising campaigns.
Analytics and research. We use your information for understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage of the app, gathering demographic information about our user base, data about where the app was downloaded from. We may also create reports and analysis for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our app and services, or to test our new game features and content.
Customer Support. We use your information for providing customer support to you and to respond to your inquiries.
How we may disclose your information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With other users of our Services
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable legal requirement
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company
With your consent or at your direction.
We also may share aggregated information or otherwise anonymised information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Data retention
Cash for Steps securely stores your data at Google data center.
We retain your personal information collected as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as needed to provide you the Services or we have a legitimate business reason to do so.
When we no longer have ongoing legitimate business reason to process your personal information, we will delete your data.
Your data protection rights
Cash for Steps would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Cash for Steps for copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Cash for Steps correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Cash for Steps to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Cash for Steps erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Cash for Steps restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Cash for Steps’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Cash for Steps transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
The right to opt out - You have the right to opt out certain uses and disclosures of your personal information, under certain conditions.
Have your personal information transmitted to another data controller (data portability). In order for you to exercise your data protection rights we are obliged to verify your identity.
Other rights defined by the current legislation of Ukraine.
If you make a request, we have 45 days to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
cashforsteps@gmail.com
Privacy policies of other websites
The Cash for Steps contains links to other websites or Apps. Our privacy policy applies only to our App, so if you click on a link to another website or App, you should read their privacy policy.
Age, Children
Our Services are not intended to children. You must be 17+ years old to download and use the app.
Changes to our privacy policy
Cash for Steps keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 17 August 2020.
How to contact us
Cash for Steps is the App, owned and controlled by the Oleh Stakhovych established under the law of Ukraine and registered in Ukraine.
If you have any questions about Cash for Steps’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us via email email:
cashforsteps@gmail.com