Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Outcast, created by Crunchy Bagel Pty Ltd. The app is a podcast player for iPhone and Apple Watch.
What information does Outcast obtain and how is it used?
Outcast downloads lists of podcast episodes from podcasts selected by the user. Information about podcasts is stored on Outcast servers to speed up the execution of the app. In the case of a password-protected podcast, the username and password are not stored on our servers.
Automatically Collected Information
Outcast may record anonymous non-identifiable data automatically related to usage patterns within the app. This data may include, but is not limited to, the type of mobile device you use and your mobile operating system.
Does Outcast collect precise real-time location information of the device?
No, Outcast does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do Third Parties See or Have Access to Information Obtained By The Application
Outcast does not transmit any user data across the Internet to any third-party server. We store URLs to publicly available podcasts to speed up execution of the app.
Only aggregated, anonymous data is periodically transmitted securely to an external analytics service to help us improve Outcast. This data is not disclosed to any other third parties, except in the following cases:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
if Outcast is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice on this Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You may opt-out of anonymous analytics collection by Outcast by uninstalling the app using the standard iOS app uninstall process.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at this URL (http://outcast.app/privacy). You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using Outcast, you consent to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
About
Last updated Monday, 22 October 2018.
Inquiries:
support@outcast.app