ASICS
Runkeeper
OnitsukaTiger
ASICSStudio
Privacy Policy
Menu
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Overview of ASICS Companies
Privacy Policy
ASICS PRIVACY POLICY
Effective: 1 August 2024
We value the trust that you place in us by sharing your personal data with us. ASICS takes your privacy seriously and is committed to handling your personal data in a way that is fair and worthy of that trust. ASICS will take all reasonable steps to protect your information from misuse and to keep it secure.
We believe it is important to inform you about how we will use your personal data. Therefore, we encourage you to carefully read this privacy policy (
“Policy”
)
,
which describes our privacy practices and the rights and choices you have regarding your personal data. We also encourage you to read possible additional privacy clauses that may be applicable when you use certain services or purchase certain products.
SCOPE
This Policy applies to all personal data we collect, use, disclose, or otherwise process about you  including when: (i) you create a OneASICS account or another account with an ASICS brand, (ii) you visit or use our websites, mobile applications, or platforms including those online and instore or other services of ASICS, (iii) you use our online and digital services (such as ASICS Move or ASICS Runkeeper), (iv) you purchase products and services through ASICS’ stores, online or through wholesale, (v) you participate in or otherwise interact with us regarding ASICS hosted or sponsored events, running races, promotions, campaigns, contests, tests or research projects or (vi) you interact with us through social media or otherwise on or offline (collectively the
“Services”
). Unless otherwise specified, this Policy also applies to the personal data we collect about business customers, vendors or partners.
For purposes of this Policy,
“
personal data”
means any information that relates to, describes, or is reasonably associated or linked or likable to you, or through which we can identify you, as further described below in the section ‘
Personal Data We Collect’
.
WHO WE ARE
ASICS is an international sporting goods company, with headquarters in Japan and establishments worldwide. Our name is an acronym for the Latin phrase
Anima Sana In Corpore Sano
(A Sound Mind in a Sound Body). ASICS was founded on the belief that sports are the best way to create a sound mind and body. Our brands include ASICS, Onitsuka Tiger, ASICS Move, ASICS Studio and ASICS Runkeeper.
Depending on where you live, which products you purchase, or which of our Services you use, one or more of our ASICS companies will be the responsible controller for the personal data we collect. An overview of the applicable responsible ASICS companies who may process your personal data, as well as their representatives can be found
here
. The responsible ASICS companies will be referred to hereafter as ‘
ASICS’
or “
we”
or
“our”
.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect personal data about you: (i) directly (e.g., the data you submit to us), including automatically (for example when you access and use our website or Services, see the section ‘
Personal Data We Collect Automatically’
); and (ii) indirectly (e.g., from third parties). We may also combine and process personal data from these sources in order to infer additional information about you. The personal data we collect may include the following
,
depending on the circumstances:
General:
Your (business) contact details
. Your name and contact details, such as your telephone number, address and email address.
Your purchases in our stores and online
.
Personal data we collect related to your purchase of our product or service in store or through our Services, such as the amount and date of your purchase, the product you purchased or Service(s) you used, your clothing or shoe size, your shoe type, your location  or the location of the ASICS store related to your purchase, the website or application through which you make your purchase, the payment method, payment status, any discount, gift card or voucher code, your invoice, order (tracking) number, the delivery method, the delivery and billing address and, if applicable, information about warranties and returns.
Your account data (including data added thereto)
. Personal data related to your OneASICS account or other accounts with ASICS brands, such as your account name or similar unique account identifier, email, address, password, communications and content you provide, loyalty scheme information (including qualifying activities, number of loyalty points and loyalty level) where the loyalty scheme is offered in your country, your wishlist, order history, address book, payment settings, your date of birth, your gender or gender identity, language and other account preferences, the country you live in, pictures and other information you may voluntarily share with us (such as your responses to voluntary questionnaires)
.
If you have chosen to create a
OneASICS account via a third-party social media account such as Facebook, ASICS will receive basic information retained by the relevant social media account, such as your email address. If you interact with us or publicly post content about us on social media sites, we may collect information about these interactions. These third-party platforms and services control the information they collect and share about you. For information about how they may use and disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult their respective privacy policies.
If you connect your Race Roster account
to your OneASICS account, ASICS will receive information about your Race Roster account, such as your name, email address and information relating to your race registration(s) or race result(s).
Information regarding your use of our online Services
.
This may include data regarding the pages you visit on our websites, the products and services you like, the content of your abandoned shopping cart and products browsed.
Details regarding your child(ren)
.
The data we receive from you in relation to your child(ren) related to the Services, for example, their name or nickname, age, gender, shoe size, preferred sports, favourite colour or photo.
Your leisure activities, interests,
favourite products,
running races and other events
.
This includes information regarding running races and events we organize, facilitate or sponsor, including your interest in and registration for those running races or other events (including the date, name and place of the running race or other event, the race distance, your personal targets and results), as well as your reason for running and other fitness activities, whether you prefer to run alone or with friends, and what other sports you enjoy. If you use ASICS Move, depending on the services, we may also process additional information such as bib number and your participant ID.
Your coaching and sports capabilities
.
Any information you provide to us when we sponsor you or when you participate in our events or promotions as a trainer, coach, participant or promoter, including your interests, skills, qualifications and accomplishments.
Your training and running data
.
The training and running data that you provide to us or generate through the use of our Services (such as ASICS Runkeeper) or that you import from other applications or services (such as Apple Health, Apple Watch or other fitness trackers) from our partners or third parties, including your running experience and current running abilities (the distance you can run and the time that you can run it in), your training goal(s) (aimed distance and race time), your performance (distance and race time records), your training schedule (date, duration and type), your type of running (trail running, natural running or speed running) and your fitness activities.
Your (phone) contacts.
The personal data you voluntarily provide us access to, in order to allow you to interact with your contacts as part of our Services (such as ASICS Runkeeper). ASICS will, subject to your consent, access and store information about your phone contacts in order to identify potential connections and help you connect and interact with them on your Runkeeper feed (e.g., commenting on or liking activities and activity tagging).
Your details related to contests and sweepstakes
.
The personal data we collect if you participate in or win a contest, prize promotion or sweepstake.
Your reviews and content
.
The opinions, content, experiences, testimonials, preferences and interests, and product or event reviews that you publish on our Services or share with us online, through social media or otherwise, including your social media handle or other identifier(s), experiences and tips regarding gear, your race day and your training schedule.
Your images
and recordings
.
We have security cameras in our stores or offices which may record your image when you visit our premises. We may also film or take photos at ASICS (sponsored) events or during other specific interactions. You may also voluntarily submit photos or videos to ASICS whilst interacting with our Services.
Your communication data, including call recordings
.
When you contact us for support or other customer service requests, including if we communicate with you via e-mail, chat, mail, or otherwise offline and online (e.g., via social media or in-store) or telephone we collect and maintain records of your request(s) and any complaints, including your name and contact information, the contents of your communications and our responses (including, where applicable, transcripts thereof), and any other data that we receive related to your inquiry. If you call us, we may, subject to and in accordance with local law, record, transcribe and retain recordings and copies of transcripts of such calls as well as maintain logs and records of your calls.
SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA:
We also collect personal data you voluntarily provide to us in relation to your physique, condition or nutrition in order to recommend, customize and enhance your experience when purchasing our products or otherwise using our Services. Such personal data may – by itself or in combination – reveal information about your (physical) health, which could be considered ‘special categories of personal data’ under certain laws. The special categories of personal data include:
Activity data and other information you provide when using the Services, including participating in one of our tests or research projects
. Your foot and clothes size and other personal measurement information and activity data that you voluntarily share with us about yourself or your child(ren), through the use of the Services or that you import from other apps or services from our partners or third parties, such as weight, height, heart rate, calories burned, steps taken, foot type ( e.g. tendency to pronate or supinate) nutritional information, sleep activities, other activity data (type, duration and frequency of fitness activities, distance, speed, pace, cadence, step count) and injuries.
Your running specifics
. Your current running shoe, which running type you are and the level of your running.
Your test and measurement results
. Measurement data we collect if you participate in one of our tests or research projects or measurement programs, such as ASICS FOOT ID, Running Lab, ASICS STEPNOTE, leg alignment measurement, body composition measurement, leg strength test, running form test, aerobic test and similar measurement programs and tests. Measurement data that we collect during our tests may also include heart rate, blood pressure, blood oxygen level, fat and muscle mass, weight and percentage, BMI, BMR, physical strength and endurance.
In addition, depending on the Services you use and with your permission, we may also collect and use information regarding your location, such as GPS data, accelerometer, timers, or your running route (including precise geolocation data that shows your geographical position).
Where required under applicable law, we will only collect and use health and location data if you voluntarily share it with us, and with your prior consent or at your direction for the purposes set out in this Policy. You may refuse or revoke your consent at any time, as set out below in the section ‘
Your Rights
’).
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND PROCESS AUTOMATICALLY
Subject to local law requirements, we may also collect personal data about how you use our Services and your interactions with us and others, such as information we collect automatically via  cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies ), such as personal data about how you access, use and interact with our Services, your IP address, MAC address, mobile device identifier (IDFA or GAID), cookie ID, cookie content, browser type, browsing and click behaviour and other activities, purchase information, domain name, referrer-URL, access dates and times, hardware and software information and settings, information about the device you use (e.g., device ID, device type), operating system, language, and approximate location inferred from IP address (collectively
“electronic identification data”
). We may also use pixels in HTML emails we send to you to evaluate and improve our marketing emails. For example, we may use pixels to understand if you read the emails we send to you. For more information, see the section ‘
Cookies, Analytics and Personalization
’ below or our
Cookie Policy
.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
ASICS uses and processes the personal data for the purposes set out below.
For the performance of our agreement with you
.
We process personal data where necessary to perform our agreement(s) with you including when you purchase a product (online, in our stores and through wholesale), use an application, enter a contest, sign up for a OneASICS account or other account, or otherwise request or use any of our Services.
We use your (business) contact details, information regarding your purchases (in our stores, online or through wholesale), loyalty scheme information (where applicable), your account and electronic identification data, information regarding the Services you use, information regarding your leisure activities, interests and events, information regarding your child(ren), information regarding your training or coaching capabilities, information regarding your training and running data (including your fitness activities), your contest and event data, your communication data and – after your consent thereto – information regarding your activity, personal measurements, your running specifics, your tests and measurement results, and data about your location (including your precise geolocation data).
To comply with a legal obligation.
Any information referred to above in the section ‘
Personal Data We Collect
’ may be used to maintain appropriate business records, to comply with lawful requests by public authorities, or to otherwise comply with applicable laws and regulations.
For our legitimate commercial interests.
We will process the personal data referred to above in the section ‘
Personal Data We Collect
’
where we have a legitimate interest; for example, our interests could include the effective delivery of information, Services and products to you and the effective and lawful operation of our business (in each case provided such interests are not overridden by your rights).
Specifically, we may use the personal data we collect about you (listed in the section ‘Personal Data We Collect’ above) for the following interests:
Improving our products and Services
: to improve our products and Services as well as to better understand our customers both on an aggregated and on an individual basis. We do this by combining certain personal data we have obtained about you across the different ASICS entities and Services and analysing your use of our products and Services. This helps us to improve our products and Services and to give you a better user experience;
Advertising
: to promote our products and Services and to allow us to provide, personalize, measure, and improve our digital advertising. For example, to show you suggestions and targeted ads (including on third party websites or social media) based on how you interact with us or to create specific target audiences. To do this, we may share certain personal data (such as electronic identification data telephone number and e-mail address) with our advertising partners, including social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, Google, Snapchat, Pinterest etc.
Personalize experience
: to personalize your experience of our Services including:
To personalize the recommendations we give you        when you use our Services and create personal profiles to enable us to        send you personalized marketing materials and advertising about products        and Services we think you may be interested in (if you have chosen to        receive such materials);
To personalize your experience of specific        Services, such as to further customize your training plan, allow you to        adjust a specific run to the ground circumstances (i.e., concrete, trail        or treadmill) or to provide you with more detailed information about        your runs. For example, we may enrich your personal data with data from        other third-party sources, such as weather forecasts based on your        location (expected temperature, humidity, wind) and traffic forecasts        (chance of air pollution) to suggest a specific run;
To provide you with other optional benefits in        our Services. For example if you use ASICS Move you may choose to locate        photographs taken during the race using your bib number;
Analytics and statistics
:       to generate aggregated statistics and analytics about users of our products and Services and in store visitors;
Surveys and feedback
:       to obtain feedback on our products or other Services and use your feedback to develop and improve the quality of our products or Services (e.g., by conducting customer satisfaction surveys or research);
Planning       and managing events
: to plan and manage our events and races we host or sponsor, including registration, attendance, inviting you to connect you with other event attendees, and contacting you about relevant events and Services;
Security
: we need to process certain personal data for security and fraud prevention and detection purposes as well as to maintain the integrity of our systems (i.e. preventing hacking, cheats, spamming, etc.). We also use personal data when investigating any misuse of our Services or other types of unlawful activities and to take action regarding (suspected) illegal activities, potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or third party, violations of this Policy, or breaches of our applicable agreements and terms of use;
Business Operations
:       to facilitate our business operations, to operate company policies and procedures; to enable us to merge, sell, acquire, or transfer assets (including to negotiate the aforementioned); and
Other purposes
:       for other legitimate business purposes as permitted by applicable law.
To the extent that we rely on our legitimate interest(s) as a legal basis for our processing of your personal data, you have the right to object to such processing, and we must stop such processing, unless we can either demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds (1) that override your interests, rights and freedoms or (2) that we need to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (see the section ‘
Your Rights
’ below).
Use of information based on your consent.
We may also process personal data where you have provided your consent to specific purposes. This includes:
we may       use the personal data referred to above in the subsection ‘
Special       Categories of Personal Data
’ (i.e., health data and location data)       for the purposes set out in this Policy.
we may use the personal data referred to above in the section ‘
Personal       data we collect
’ where consent is required under local law for:
direct marketing        purposes via email, SMS, push notification, or other electronic means;
recording        our customer service calls for quality and management purposes;
providing        the opportunity to connect and interact with your phone contacts on        Runkeeper;
sharing        (limited) personal data with or receiving data from Race Roster or other        third parties;
sharing        your Runkeeper activity data with other Runkeeper users;
as        part of certain research projects and/or surveys you may participate in.
where required under local law, we will ask for your consent prior to collecting and processing your electronic identification data. For more information please see the section ‘
Cookies, Analytics and Personalisation
’ below or our
Cookie Policy
we may also ask for your consent to process certain personal data for other specific purposes. If we do so, we will provide you with details about the personal data that we would like to process and the reason for our collection and processing, so that you can carefully consider whether you wish to consent.
To the extent we rely on your consent for processing, you can withdraw your consent at any time as described in the section ‘
Your Rights
’ below.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your personal data with the following categories of parties:
Data controllers within the ASICS Group.
Amongst the responsible ASICS companies that may use your personal data as described in this Policy. An overview of the relevant  ASICS companies can be found
here
.
Service providers and processors.
With third party vendors, agents, service providers, and affiliated entities that we engage to provide services to us and on our behalf, such as support for the internal operations of our websites and stores (including payment processors and shipping and fulfilment partners we use to fulfil your orders), technical support, research, digital marketing, offline product and support, data storage, and other services. In providing their services, these third parties may access, receive, maintain or otherwise process personal data on our behalf. Our contracts with these service providers do not permit use of your information for their own commercial purposes. Consistent with applicable legal requirements, we take commercially reasonable steps to require third parties to adequately safeguard your personal data and only process it in accordance with our instructions.
Partners
.
Sometimes ASICS may offer you a service,  application or promotion in co-operation with our partners or co-sponsors or allow you to connect to third-party platforms and services using your OneASICS account. In such cases, we may disclose your personal data to the relevant partners, but only where you have consented or directed that we do so, or where doing so is necessary to fulfil your order or respond to your request. You may choose not to participate or to otherwise object to such sharing. If you win a contest or sweepstake, we may disclose the names of winners online.
Race Roster.
If you choose to connect your OneASICS account with your Race Roster account, ASICS will share certain personal data (including your run activity data and other Runkeeper data) with Race Roster, our subsidiary and affiliate, and certain personal data (such as your name, email address and information relating to your race registration(s) or race result(s)) will be shared by Race Roster with ASICS. Race Roster processes this data in accordance with its applicable
privacy policy
.
Advertising or marketing partners
.
We may share limited personal data (such as electronic identification data, contact information, country and conversion status) with our advertising partners, including social media platforms such as Facebook, X, Instagram, Google, Snapchat, Pinterest etc. to show you suggestions and targeted advertising (including on third-party websites or social media platforms) based on how you interact with us or to create specific target audiences.
Runkeeper users.
If you direct us to do so (e.g., such as via your Runkeeper account and settings), we may share certain information, such as your training and running data, with other Runkeeper users, including users you are connected with.
ASICS Move
users.
When you register for or donate to an event or activity on ASICS Move, we will share relevant personal data with the race organisers and related parties of such event or activity, which may include charitable or not-for-profit organisations in relation to the events hosted on the application as well as other appointed service providers such as event administrators and timers. These parties process your personal data in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Third parties in case of legal requirement.
We may also disclose your personal data if we believe we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal processes; when we believe it is necessary or appropriate to disclose personal data to law enforcement authorities, such as to investigate actual or suspected fraud or violations of law, breaches of security, or breaches of this Policy; to respond to any claims against us; and, to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of ASICS, our customers, or the public.
Corporate Transaction.
We may disclose personal data, as part of any actual or contemplated merger, sale, transfer of ASICS’ assets, acquisition, bankruptcy, or similar event, including related to due diligence and negotiations conducted prior to such event, where permitted by law.
With Consent.
We may also otherwise disclose information about you, including personal data, to any other third parties, where you have consented or requested that we do so.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Policy, we may collect, use, and share aggregate or de-identified information with third parties for research, marketing, analytics and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular individual. Where we use, disclose or process de-identified information, we will maintain and use this information in de-identified form and not attempt to reidentify the information, except in accordance with applicable laws.
COOKIES, ANALYTICS AND PERSONALIZATION
Subject to your prior consent (to the extent required under appliable law), we and our third-party providers use cookies, clear GIFs/pixel tags, JavaScript, local storage, log files, and other mechanisms to automatically collect and record information about your usage and browsing activities, interactions with the Services, the content of your communications with the Services, and electronic identification data. We may also combine this information with other personal data that we collect about you.
Generally, we use this information to understand how you use and interact with our Services, track and troubleshoot bugs and errors, improve and develop our Services, verify account credentials, allow logins, track sessions, prevent fraud, and protect our Services, as well as for targeted marketing and advertising purposes, to personalize content, for analytics and similar purposes.  For more detailed information about these mechanisms and how we collect and use such information, see our
Cookie Policy.
Do-Not-Track.
Please note we do not respond to browser do-not-track requests. You may, however, disable certain cookies as discussed in our
Cookie Policy
.
SOCIAL MEDIA
Our Services may contain links to third-party social networking sites and plugins to facilitate social media functions, which may collect personal data about you. These third parties may collect information about you if you click on a link and may automatically record information about your browsing behavior every time you visit their respective sites or services.  If you participate in social media forums, such as Facebook, X, Snapchat, Yammer, Pinterest, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc., you should be familiar with and understand the tools and services provided by those sites that allow you to make choices about how you share the personal data in your social media profile(s).
Please note that the relevant privacy practices or policies of these third parties – not this Policy – apply to the processing of data by these tools, so we encourage you to read the applicable privacy notices, terms of use and related information about how your personal data is used in these social media environments.
Also, depending on the choices you have made regarding your settings on various social media sites (and/or in combination with your settings on the ASICS pages), certain personal data may be shared with ASICS about your online activities and social media profiles (e.g., interests, marital status, gender, username, photo, comments and content you have posted/shared etc.).
IF YOU ARE UNDER 16 YEARS OF AGE
Our online services and applications are not directed to children under (13) thirteen years of age and we do not knowingly collect personal data directly from children under the age of (13) thirteen.  If you believe we have collected information about a child under the age of (13) thirteen without a legal basis, please contact us (see ‘
Data Protection Officer - Contact and Queries
’ below) so that we may take appropriate steps to delete such information.
If you are at least (13) thirteen but under (16) sixteen years of age, you must get the consent of your parent or legal guardian before you give us any personal data about yourself. Your parent or guardian should contact the ASICS company responsible for using your personal data – the overview of the applicable ASICS companies can be found
here
- and provide us with their name, e-mail address and any other identifying information that we may request. ASICS needs this information in order to verify that they have provided the necessary consent. We may follow up by phone or other means in some circumstances. If you are at least 13 but under 16 years of age, do not contact us or provide us with any personal data until after your parent or guardian has sent us an e-mail consenting to your contact and provision of such information.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Please be informed that we transfer and process any personal data you provide to us to countries/regions other than your country/regions of residence. The laws of these countries/regions may not provide an equivalent level of protection to your personal data as the laws in your home country/region. ASICS will therefore seek to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place and that applicable laws and regulations are complied with in connection with such transfer.
For personal data transferred from the European Economic Area (
“EEA”
) or United Kingdom (
“UK”
) to countries outside the EEA/UK that do not provide an adequate level of protection, ASICS is using Intra-Group Data Transfer Agreements based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission (
“
Standard Contractual
Clauses”
) and other local legal transfer provisions. With respect to transfers from the EEA and UK to parties outside the ASICS group companies, ASICS will base the transfer on appropriate safeguards, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses or other approved data transfer or certification mechanisms, together with binding and enforceable commitments by the recipient. In each instance, ASICS will assess the transfer and ensure that any additional technical and organizational measures are put in place to ensure that an adequate level of protection is provided.
SECURITY
ASICS has implemented technical, physical, and organizational measures and controls designed to protect the personal data we collect against unauthorised or unlawful use, alteration, unauthorised access or disclosure, accidental or wrongful destruction, and loss. Please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures can guarantee absolute security. In addition, you can also take certain steps to protect your account and your personal data, for example by not sharing passwords, reusing passwords across multiple websites, choosing passwords that are not easily guessed, and promptly reporting any suspicious activity or unauthorized account access.
DATA RETENTION
ASICS retains your personal data for as long as required to satisfy the purpose for which it was collected (for example, to process your order, provide you with customer service, answer queries, or resolve technical problems, etc.), unless a longer period is necessary to meet our legal obligations or to defend against a legal claim.
If you have created a OneASICS account or another ASICS account with us, we will delete such account and your personal data upon your request or up to thirty (30) days after it has been inactive for an extended period of time. We will consider your account ‘inactive’ when you haven’t used your OneASICS account or another ASICS account for a period of two (2) years. Before your account becomes inactive, we will notify you to use your OneASICS or another ASICS account to prevent your account from becoming inactive. When we delete your account, we may retain certain account and related personal data for a longer period, such as where necessary to comply with our legal requirements or where necessary to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including to respond to actual or potential legal claims).
YOUR RIGHTS
Subject to any limitations and exceptions under applicable law, you may have the following rights related to your personal data collected by us:
The right to access
.
You have the right to request access to the personal data we hold about you as well as information about our processing of your personal data;
The right to rectification
.
If the personal data we hold is inaccurate or incomplete you may request to have it updated or corrected;
The right to deletion
.
Subject to exceptions such as where we are required to retain your personal data by law, exercise or defend claims or have an overriding legitimate purpose,
you may ask us to delete your personal data;
The right to object
.
You have the right to
object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation where we are processing personal data based on our legitimate interest (unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing your personal data). You can also object at any time to processing for direct marketing activities (for example, by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our emails);
The right to withdraw consent
.
Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time with effect for the future.
This includes revoking        consent for receiving marketing communications which you can do by        following the instructions in the marketing communication. You can also        control these preferences in your profile settings of your OneASICS        account;
If you wish to revoke your consent to ASICS using your health data and location data you can control these preferences in your profile settings and device.
The right to restriction of processing.
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict our processing of your personal data, such as if you believe that (i) the personal data we have about you is inaccurate; (ii) the personal data is not being processed lawfully, but rather than deleting the personal data, you would prefer us to restrict processing instead; or (iii) we no longer need your personal data for the purposes we collected it, but you require the data in order to establish, exercise or defend legal claims;
The right to data portability.
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to transfer personal data which you have provided to us, to a third party if we are processing that data either on the basis of your consent or to perform a contract with you and the processing is carried out using automated means.
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, please submit a request here. Alternatively, you may contact the ASICS company responsible for using your personal data. An overview of all contact details can be found
here
.
We will respond to your privacy rights request consistent with applicable law. For your and the protection of others, we may (depending on the type of request) need to verify your request and identity before addressing your request.
If you have a question or complaint about how we process your personal data, you can send an email to the ASICS company responsible for using your personal data (an overview can be found
here
). Alternatively, you may consider lodging a complaint with a supervisory data protection authority.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
. Users in certain jurisdictions may have different or additional privacy rights. The ‘
Location Deviation
’ section below provides additional information, as required by certain privacy laws, about the rights of individuals under the privacy laws of certain jurisdictions (as listed below).
LOCAL DEVIATION
Privacy and data protection laws in certain jurisdictions require that we provide additional information to data subjects. Please use the links below to access the Local Deviation for your jurisdiction (if applicable) for additional information about our information practices and your rights, as required by applicable privacy laws.
Japan
US
US (Onitsuka Tiger)
Canada
Brazil
Australia
New Zealand
China Mainland
South Korea
Singapore
Thailand
Malaysia
Indonesia
South Africa
Israel
Qatar
Kuwait
Oman
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
OTHER WEBSITES
Our websites and mobile applications may contain links to third-party websites and services; if you follow these links, you will exit our websites and mobile applications. ASICS does not control and is not liability for the collection and use of your personal data by these third parties. For more information, please consult the privacy statement of the website you are visiting (if such a statement is provided).
CHANGES TO THE POLICY
This Policy is current as of the Last Updated date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time by posting the updated version of the Policy on our websites and applications. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal data we have previously collected from you, we will endeavour to give you reasonable notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our websites or notifying you electronically. We encourage you to periodically review our Policy to stay informed about how we process your personal data.
CONTACT AND QUERIES
If you have questions regarding the processing of your personal data or this Policy, please contact ASICS or, where relevant, our Data Protection Officer. A list of privacy contact details can be found
here
.
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional & Necessary
Performance & Analytics
Targeting, Marketing & Social Media
Your Privacy
This site uses cookies and similar tracking tools, some of which are provided by third parties, to operate, protect and improve our site, enable social media and other features, support our advertising and marketing efforts, and give you the best possible experience. These cookies and tools may enable us and these third parties to collect user data and communications, IP address and online identifiers, referring URLs and other content and browsing information, and record user sessions and interactions with this site. You can opt-out of most cookies on our site, other than those that are Necessary and Functional. However, even if you opt out, our site will still serve Functional and Necessary cookies (e.g., those we use to optimize site performance and page or content loading, manage and distribute traffic, secure the site and our services, and detect and prevent fraud and malicious activity), which may enable us and third parties to collect and track certain user data, such as IP address, device ID and other online identifiers, referring URLs, browser and OS type and version, date/time stamps, and other browsing data.
Further, opting out of certain cookies may impact your experiences and the performance of the site. Click on the different category headings to find out more about the categories of cookies we and third parties use and change your browser preferences for them on our site, as applicable. More Info:
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy.
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising
: Our site includes Targeting, Marketing & Social Media cookies, some of which enable us and third parties to collect and use user data and browsing information about you in order to reach you with targeted advertising. You can find more information about the use of these Targeting, Marketing & Social Media cookies on our site and opt your browser out of these cookies on our site, by clicking the “Targeting, Marketing & Social Media” tab to the left and turning off these cookies. You may also submit a request to opt out of targeted advertising via our Consumer Rights Request page
here.
(Note: submitting a request on this page will not opt your browser out of sales and sharing (i.e., via cookies) on our site).
Please note that your preferences are browser specific. So, if you come to our site from a different browser or device, you will need to set your preferences for that browser and device as well.
Always Active
We use Functional and Necessary cookies to ensure that the sites and services function properly and securely, to prevent fraud and misuse, and to enable certain functionality.  Some of these cookies are necessary to the ongoing operation of the sites and services, meaning a site will not function properly or at all without them. For example, some Necessary and Functional cookies are used for load balancing and traffic distribution/routing and to optimize page and content loading on our Sites.  Functional and Necessary cookies also include cookies that enable us to secure the sites and services (e.g., to detect and block bot activity and other malicious traffic, prevent Denial of Service (DDOS) attacks, detect bugs and errors, and securely process transactions), as well as cookies that we use to detect and prevent fraud and misuse (e.g., to detect and block suspicious logins and fraudulent transactions). In addition, some Necessary and Functional cookies enable certain key site functionality (e.g., account logins, adding items to your shopping cart, submitting webforms, and checking out with Apple Pay, PayPal, and other third party payment services).
Given the important role these cookies play, these cookies are set to “always active” on our site, which means that you cannot “opt out” of or turn them off using this privacy preference manager. You may be able to block or delete Functional and Necessary cookies through your browser setting, but if you do so certain features and content may be unavailable or non-operational.
More Info
.
Performance & Analytics
Performance and Analytics cookies allow us to collect, measure and analyze audience, activity and usage information about the sites and services, so we can evaluate and improve the performance of our sites and services. For example, Performance and Analytics cookies may provide us with insights on which pages are the most and least popular and which pages are the most and least popular and how users move around our sites and services. They also allow us to remember preferences and settings you have selected and help us identify issues users face on our sites and services.
More Info
.
Targeting, Marketing & Social Media
Targeting, Marketing and Social Media cookies may be set by us or by third party ad companies and social media networks. These cookies allow us and third parties to make your user experience more personal, reach you with more relevant ads, and measure and improve ad campaigns. These third parties may also combine the information about you that they collect through our site, with information that they collect about you (including browsing, search history, usage data, content and activity information) from third party sites, services and sources, which they may use to build a profile of your interests, show you relevant advertising on our sites and across third party sites and services, and measure and improve ad campaigns and services.
Targeting, Marketing, & Social Media cookies also include cookies that enable social media and other features on our sites and services, including the possibility to connect you to your social networks (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, X and LinkedIn) and share content from our sites or services through social media. If you do not allow Targeting, Marketing and Social Media cookies, you will still receive ads from us but they will be less relevant and tailored to your interests, and certain social media features will not be available within our site.
More Info
.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://raceroster.com/legal/privacy-policy:
At Race Roster, your peace of mind is our priority. We care about your privacy and we respect how your data is used. Together with our partners, we use cookies to improve your experience on our site and how we communicate with you. We aim to analyze how our site performs, deliver tailored advertising content on this and other sites and gain your feedback. By clicking “Accept All Cookies” you agree to the use of such cookies. To change your cookie settings, click “Manage Cookies” to visit our Cookie Preference Center. For more information about our data practices, please read our
Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy
.
Accept all cookies
Reject non-functional cookies
Manage cookies
Oops! JavaScript is required.
If you need some help enabling JavaScript, visit
enable-javascript.com
.
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Privacy policy
As of November 6, 2024
1. Importance of your Privacy
2. Who We Are and Getting in Touch
3. What Information is Collected About Me?
3.1. Personal Data
3.2. Non-Personal Data:
4. How is my Personal Data Used?
5. Who is my Personal Data Shared With?
6. How is my Personal Data Kept Secure?
7. Children Under Thirteen:
8. How Long is my Personal Information Retained?
9. GDPR Compliance at Race Roster
10. CCPA Compliance at Race Roster
11. Other California Consumer Notices
12. Notice to Nevada Consumers
13. Data Deletion
14. External Links and Race Roster Social Media
15. Changes to this Privacy Policy
16. Local Deviations
Thailand
Indonesia
Malaysia
Singapore
Australia
Scroll to top
EN
– Change language
EN – English (United States)
FR – Français (Canada)
FR – Français (France)
JA – 日本語 (日本)
ES – Español (México)
NL – Nederlands (Nederland)
DE – Deutsche (Deutschland)
IT – Italiano (Italia)
KO – 한국어 (대한민국)
SV – Svenska (Sverige)
ZH – 中文（中国)
ZH – 中文（中國香港特別行政區）
MY – Melayu
1. Importance of your Privacy
At Race Roster, your privacy is of great importance to us. We understand that you entrust us with certain personal data when using our website (raceroster.com) and related services (collectively “
the Platform
”).
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE PLATFORM OR ALLOWING/DIRECTING SOMEONE TO USE THE PLATFORM. BY VOLUNTARILY PROVIDING ANY PERSONAL DATA TO RACE ROSTER AND USING OUR PLATFORM, YOU ARE ACKNOWLEDGING THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THIS POLICY.
This Privacy Policy has been translated into various languages for your convenience. In the event of any discrepancies or inconsistencies between the translated versions and the English version, the English version shall prevail and be deemed the authoritative document in all legal matters. The Company retains the exclusive right to interpret and enforce its provisions. Furthermore, the Company disclaims any liability for errors or omissions that may occur in the translated versions.
2. Who We Are and Getting in Touch
The Platform is owned and operated by Race Roster North America Corporation, (hereinafter referred to as “
Race Roster
,” or “
we
” or “
us
” or the “
Company
”). Race Roster operates collectively under the related corporate entities of Race Roster US Inc., Race Roster Oceania PTY Ltd., Race Roster Southeast Asia Pte. Ltd., and Race Roster North America Corporation. This Privacy Policy explains how we and the aforementioned corporate entities manage the personal information we collect about you. If you have any privacy concerns or questions at any time, or would like to request access to your Personal Data, please do not hesitate to email us at
privacy@raceroster.com
, call 1-855-969-5515 or via mail addressed to the Privacy Officer at
Race Roster
4281 Express Lane, Suite M9706
Sarasota, FL, United States, 34249
Or
Race Roster
186 York Street
London, ON, Canada, N6A 1B5
EU residents may also exercise their data subject rights by contacting our Privacy Officer (
privacy@raceroster.com
), who is also Race Roster’s Data Protection Officer (see Section 9 (“GDPR Compliance at Race Roster”) of this Privacy Policy).
3. Personal Data We Collect
Depending on the jurisdiction you are accessing the Platform from, “Personal Data” may mean any information about an identifiable individual that is collected from users of and/or visitors (“you” or “your”) to the Platform or Personal Data may have a different meaning as set out in the jurisdiction specific sections below..
We may collect your Personal Data directly from you or from event organizers for the means specified below. In the interest of clarity, and for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “you” may be any of the following sources of Personal Data:
registered users who are event managers and planners (“
Managers
”)
users who want to purchase event entries, goods and services, register for or donate to events (whether free or paid) listed by Managers on the Platform (“
Registrants
”), and
other non-Manager users, or visitors, to the Platform (“
other non-managers
”).
We may collect, store, use and share the following types of Personal Data about you as set forth below in this Section 3 (“Personal Data We Collect”), Section 3.1 (“How we collect Personal Data”), Section 4 (“How is my Personal Data Used and Stored?”) and Section 5 (“Sharing of Personal Data”). Without limiting those Sections, the following chart provides a high level explanation of the categories of Personal Data we collect and the categories of recipients with which we may share each category.
Category of Personal
Data
Examples of Personal
Data
Categories of recipients with which Personal Data is shared, if shared
LEGAL GROUND for the processing
1. Identifiers
This may include but is not limited to: a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, image or photograph, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Business Purpose Disclosure
:
(1) Service providers such as payment processors, fraud prevention and security providers, analytics providers, and external auditors; and (2) public authorities / government bodies and (3) third parties as compelled or required by law; and (4) for our everyday business operations.
Sale
: Not Sold
a) Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract with you (in the case of (4), following art. 6.1(b) GDPR
b) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (in all cases under (1),(2), (3), following art. 6.1(c) GDPR)
2. Personal Records
This may include information such as: name, telephone number, address, and any other payment information.
Business Purpose Disclosure
:
(1) Service providers such as payment processors, fraud prevention and security providers, analytics providers, and external auditors; and (2) public authorities / government bodies and (3) third parties as compelled or required by law; and (4) for our everyday business operations.
Sale
: Not Sold
a) Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract with you (in the case under (4), following art. 6.1(b) GDPR
b) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (in all cases under (1),(2), (3), following art. 6.1(c) GDPR)
3. Consumer Characteristics
This may include, but is not limited to: clothing size or gender.
Business Purpose Disclosure
:
(1) Service providers such as analytics providers; and (2) public authorities / government bodies and (3) third parties as compelled or required by law; and (4) for our everyday business operations.
Sale
: Not Sold
a) Processing is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by the Company (in the case under (1) and (4), following art. 6.1(f) GDPR
b) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (in all cases under (2) and (3), following art. 6.1(c) GDPR)
4. Customer Account Details / Commercial Information
This may include, but is not limited to: products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies; personal testimonials related to products or services.
Business Purpose Disclosure
:
(1) Service providers such as payment processors, fraud prevention and security providers, analytics providers, and external auditors; and (2) public authorities / government bodies and (3) third parties as compelled or required by law; and (4) for our everyday business operations.
Sale
: Not Sold
a) Processing is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by the Company (in the case under (1) and 4, following art. 6.1(f) GDPR)
b) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (in all cases under (2) and (3), following art. 6.1(c) GDPR)
5. Internet Usage Information
This may include, but is not limited to: information regarding your interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Business Purpose Disclosure
:
(1) Service providers such as payment processors, fraud prevention and security providers, and analytics providers; (2) public authorities / government bodies and (3) third parties as compelled or required by law; and (4) for our everyday business operations.
Sale
: Not Sold
a) Processing is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by the Company (in the case under (1) and (4), following art. 6.1(f) GDPR
b) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (in all cases under (2) and (3), following art. 6.1(c) GDPR)
6. Geolocation Data
This may include, but is not limited to: approximate physical location based on your IP address.
Business Purpose Disclosure
:
(1) Service providers such as payment processors, fraud prevention and security providers, analytics providers, and external auditors; and (2) public authorities / government bodies and (3) third parties as compelled or required by law; and (4) for our everyday business operations.
Sale
: Not Sold
a) Processing is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by the Company (in the case under (1) and (4), following art. 6.1(f) GDPR
b) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (in all cases under (2) (3), following art. 6.1(c) GDPR)
7. Sensory Data
This may include, but is not limited to: audio recordings of customer call center audio recordings.
Business Purpose Disclosure
:
(1) Service providers such as security providers, analytics providers, and external auditors; and (2) public authorities / government bodies and (3) third parties as compelled or required by law; and (4) for our everyday business operations.
Sale
: Not Sold
a) Processing is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by by the (in the case under (1) and 4, following art. 6.1(f) GDPR
b) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (in all cases under (2) and (3), following art. 6.1(c) GDPR)
3.1. How we collect Personal Data
Log in
: To log in to the Platform, you must select a username and password or use Facebook for social sign in. The password you select is stored hashed, such that it remains unknown even to Race Roster, and if using social sign in, none of your Facebook profile information is collected by Race Roster. We also collect your IP address or unique device identifier in order to investigate any suspicious use of the Platform.
Managers
: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information to the Platform, such as when you register for access to the Platform as a Manager, contact us with inquiries, or use the Platform to manage an event or activity. The Personal Data we collect includes without limitation your name, address, email address, phone number and other personally identifiable information. In addition, if you use our payment processing services, we will collect financial information from you (e.g., your bank account information or an address) as necessary to facilitate payments and information required for tax purposes (e.g., your taxpayer identification number). For more specifics regarding each category of Personal Data, see the chart above.
Registrants and other non-managers
: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide information to the Platform (including event registration pages within the Platform), such as when you register for access to the Platform (whether as a Manager or otherwise), register for an event as a Registrant, purchase goods and services, make a donation, contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys or use certain parts of the Platform. The Personal Data we collect includes without limitation your name, address, email address, phone number, billing information, and other personally identifiable information. In addition, Managers can set up event registration pages to collect virtually any information from Registrants in connection with registration for a Manager’s event or activity listed on the Platform. If a Registrant voluntarily provides Personal Data in connection with registration for an event or otherwise, it will be available to us and will be held by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For more specifics regarding each category of Personal Data, see the chart above.
3.2 Sources of Personal Data
We may collect your Personal Data directly from you; from your devices; from your email accounts, chat logs or social media accounts; from Service Providers such as analytics companies, joint marketing providers, order processors; from other Third Parties such as data providers; from other individuals, such as friends or family; and we may create Personal Data about you. For more specifics regarding each category of Personal Data, see the chart above.
If you have chosen to create a Race Roster account via a third-party account such as OneASICS, we will receive basic information retained in such account, including your email address. If you have chosen to connect your OneASICS account to your Race Roster account, we will receive information about your OneASICS account, such as your name, email address and information relating to your race registration(s) or race result(s).
3.3. Non-Personal Data:
Non-Identifiable Data
: When you interact with the Platform, we collect certain personally non-identifiable information (“
Non-Personal Data
”). The Non-Personal Data we collect includes without limitation, characteristics of your device and software, internet browser type, domain names of your internet service provider, your approximate geographic location, a record of your usage of the Platform, including the time of your usage and how long you stayed. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot, in and of itself, be used to specifically identify you. We also collect Non-Personal Data (including, without limitation, of the type set forth above) from third parties. The information we collect from third parties may be combined with the information we collect.
Cookies and Other Session Identifiers
: In operating the Platform, we use “cookies” which are small text files placed on your device hard drive when you access the Platform. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Platform and help us analyze service usage more accurately. For instance, our Platform may set a cookie through your browser that allows you to access the Platform without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit. These cookies may be used to tailor content (including advertising) you see on the Platform as well as other internet sites that you may visit in the future. Cookies are also used for website usage analytics so we have an understanding of how our Platform is used and how it can be improved. Cookies may be session cookies (i.e., last only for one browser session) or persistent cookies (i.e., continue in your browser until they are deleted or expire). Note that since cookies are only text files, they cannot run on your device, search your device for other information or transmit any information to anyone.
Through your web browser’s preference settings you may be able to:
receive notifications when you are receiving new cookies;
disable cookies; and/or
delete cookies.
Please refer to your web browser’s help section for information on how to do this. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the features of the Platform. Clearing cookies or changing settings may affect your choices and you have to opt-out separately via each browser and other device you use. Cookie-enabled opt-out signals may no longer be effective if you delete, block or clear cookies. We are not responsible for the completeness, accuracy or effectiveness of any third-party notices, tools or choices. For more information about the cookies used and set by Race Roster visit our
Cookie Statement.
Aggregated or Deidentified Personal Data
: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve our Platform users, we often conduct research on our customer demographics, interests and behavior. This research involves compiling and analyzing Personal Data on an aggregate basis and this aggregate information does not identify you personally (and cannot be used to reasonably identify you) and therefore is considered and treated as Non-Personal Data under this Privacy Policy.
4. How is my Personal Data Used and Stored?
Generally, we collect, use and disclose your Personal Data to provide you services and as otherwise related to the operation of our business. For more specific detail on our disclosures of Personal Data see Section 5 (“Sharing of Personal Data”). Without limiting Section 3 (“Personal Data We Collect”) of this Privacy Policy, we may collect, use and disclose the Personal Data we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
Managing interactions and transactions including to payment processors;
Performing services;
Research and development including to analytics providers;
Quality assurance including to external auditors;
Security including for fraud prevention and to security providers;
Debugging
As required by public authorities, government bodies, and third parties as compelled or required by law; and
Our everyday business operations.
We use the Personal Data we collect in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We listed the legal grounds applicable to our processing operations above. In furtherance of the above uses, the following is additional detail for how we use Personal Data:
Specific Reason
: If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem and will respond to the email address from which the contact came. If you provide credit card information, or other financial account information, we will use it to process payments through payment processing providers. Payment processors will comply with payment card industry (“
PCI
”) standards for data security and privacy. We may also use testimonials for marketing purposes, provided we receive your consent prior to such use, or if such use was disclosed to you prior to you providing a testimonial.
Access and Use
: If you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to or use of the Platform or any functionality thereof, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access and monitor your use of the Platform.
Data Linkage
: Personal Data may be used to link data points and provide Registrants with additional value. For example, bib numbers may be used to link images to Registrant profiles. Race Roster makes best efforts to ensure the accuracy of any such data linkage.
Internal Business Purposes
: We may use your Personal Data for internal business purposes, including without limitation, to help us improve the content and functionality of the Platform, to better understand our users, to protect against, identify or address fraudulent or inappropriate activities, to enforce our Terms of Service, to manage your account and provide you with customer service, and to generally manage the Platform and our business.
Manager Emails
: We allow Managers to use our email system and tools, as well as Registrants’ email addresses, to contact Registrants for their current and past events, and other communications as described above, so you may receive emails from our system that originate with such Managers, as well as directly from such Managers. The Manager, and not Race Roster, is responsible for the content and sending of these emails. A Registrant will always be provided with the ability to opt out from electronic communications. Please note that if you unsubscribe from receiving a particular Manager’s emails, you will no longer receive emails from that particular Manager from our Platform, but you may still receive emails sent by that Manager through means other than our system in accordance with the Manager’s own Privacy Policy that Race Roster takes no responsibility for.
Other Purposes
: Additional business purposes for which we collect, retain, use and/or disclose Personal Data include sharing Personal Data with third parties for other than a sale or one of the foregoing business purposes as required or permitted by applicable law, such as to our vendors that perform services for us, to the government or private parties to comply with law or legal process, to you or other parties at your request, for the additional purposes explained in this Privacy Policy, and to assignees as part of a merger or asset sale (“
Other Business Purposes
”).
Subject to restrictions and obligations of the CCPA and GDPR with regard to participants residing in the EU/EEA, our vendors may also use your Personal Data for some or all of the above listed business purposes, and engage subcontractors to help them perform services for us. In addition, we may collect, retain, use and disclose your Personal Data as required or permitted by applicable law. We treat all of these purposes as Other Business Purposes.
If we intend to use any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected or we will obtain your consent subsequent to such collection but prior to such use.
Location:
Personal Data that is collected from you may be transferred and stored in a country other than point of collection. Race Roster uses service providers in the United States that employ servers in Virginia and Oregon.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, we may use and/or share aggregate or de-identified information with third parties for research, marketing, analytics and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular individual, or individuals are not reasonably identifiable.
5. Sharing of Personal Data
Without limiting Section 3 (“Personal Data We Collect”) of this Privacy Policy, we can share your Personal Data in the following circumstances.
Registrants and Managers and Related Parties
: When you register for, or donate to, an event or activity on the Platform, you acknowledge to our providing your Personal Data to the Managers and Related Parties of such event or activity. “Related Parties” include charitable or not-for-profit organizations, or other types of organizations that collect funds for specific causes and are retained in relation to events hosted on the Platform, as well as other third parties as required with respect to the Platform and Managers, such as timers and other event administrators. While on the Platform, anyone with access to your Personal Data is required to respect your privacy in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws. They must also process Personal Data in accordance with Race Roster’s Terms of Service for event organizers. However, Managers and Related Parties are not bound to treat your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy if they move such data off the Platform. You agree that we are not responsible for the actions of these Managers and Related Parties with respect to your Personal Data. It is important that you review the applicable policies of the Managers and Related Parties of an event before providing Personal Data or other information in connection with that event.
Business Transfers
: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. You acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquirer of the Company (or its assets) will continue to have the right to use your Personal Data and other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates
: We may also share your Personal Data with our subsidiaries and/or affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Our subsidiaries and affiliates will be bound to maintain that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Agents, Consultants and Service Providers
: We, like many businesses, sometimes engage other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, hosting and maintaining databases and processing payments. When we engage another company to perform such functions, we may provide them with information, including Personal Data, in connection with their performance of such functions. In working with service providers, your Personal Data may be transferred to a foreign jurisdiction to be processed or stored. Such data may be provided to law enforcement or national security authorities of that jurisdiction upon request, in order to comply with foreign laws.
ASICS:
If you choose to connect your Race Roster account with your OneASICS account, or opt into creating a new OneASICS account, Personal Data (including your name, email address and Race Roster data, such as your run activity data) will be shared with ASICS and will be processed by ASICS in accordance with the
ASICS’ Privacy policy
.
Third Parties
: If you explicitly request certain services such as, but not limited to, race insurance or a customized medal, we will share limited Personal Data with the third parties who will provide you with these services only in the event you give explicit consent to do so.
Legal Requirements
: We may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law (including, without limitation responding to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, court or government agency) or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
comply with a legal obligation;
protect or defend our legal rights, interests or property or that of users of the Platform;
act in critical circumstances to investigate wrongdoing in connection with the Platform; or
protect the personal safety of users of the Platform or the public.
6. How is my Personal Data Kept Secure?
Race Roster has implemented critical physical, organizational and technical measures to guard against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the data we collect. We have also taken steps to avoid accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, your Personal Data. While no system is completely secure, the measures implemented by Race Roster significantly reduce the likelihood of a data security breach.
In addition, we recommend that you do your part in protecting yourself from unauthorized access to your Race Roster account by ensuring no one else uses your computer or device when you are logged in, by logging off when you are not using the Platform and by keeping your password confidential. Race Roster is not liable for any unauthorized use of your personal information that is beyond our reasonable control.
Here are some examples of the data security controls in place at Race Roster (this is not an exhaustive list):
The use of encryption when Personal Data is transferred to and stored on Race Roster’s servers. Transmission between your browser and our web server is implemented using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology;
Limited access to Personal Data by Race Roster staff on a need-to-know basis, and the use of robust authentication processes;
The use of data centers with effective physical and logical data security controls, and the use of reputable third parties who have demonstrated security consciousness; and
Secure office premises and staff that are keenly aware of their data protection responsibilities.
No method of transmitting or storing data is 100% secure. As a result, although we strive to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us. If you have reason to believe that your Race Roster account is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), you must immediately notify us of the problem at privacy@raceroster.com in order for Race Roster to resolve the issue in a timely manner. Also keep in mind that e-mail is not a secure form of communication so never send sensitive personal information to us via e-mail. Examples of sensitive information include social insurance numbers or credit card numbers.
7. Not for Children Under Thirteen
The Race Roster Platform is neither designed nor intended to collect Personal Data directly from children who are under the age of thirteen (13).
In order to ensure compliance with the provisions of the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and other data protection laws around the world aimed at protecting children,
children under the age of thirteen (13) are not permitted to access or use the Platform
, and children under the age of thirteen (13) should not directly provide any Personal Data to Race Roster. You may reside in a country where local laws fix the digital age of consent to be older than 13. You may only use the Platform if you have reached this age of consent, in accordance with applicable local laws. If you do not meet the digital age of consent of your country, you must immediately cease using the Platform. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through the Platform without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has directly provided Personal Data to us through the Platform, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our Platform.
If you are at least 13 but under 16 years of age, you must get the consent of your parent or legal guardian before you give us any Personal Data about yourself. Your parent or guardian should contact the Race Roster company responsible for using your Personal Data and provide us with their name, e-mail address and any other identifying information that we may request. Race Roster needs this information in order to verify that they have provided the necessary consent. We may follow up by phone or other means in some circumstances. If you are at least 13 but under 16 years of age, do not contact us or provide us with any Personal Data until after your parent or guardian has sent us an e-mail consenting to your contact and provision of such information.
8. How Long is my Personal Data Retained?
We will retain your Personal Data as long as you have a Race Roster account, to permit us to use it for the purposes that we have identified in this Privacy Policy. However, Race Roster has implemented retention schedules to avoid indefinitely storing Personal Data associated with an inactive account. Personal Data that is no longer required for administrative or business purposes, and that does not need to be archived by Race Roster, will be overwritten or scrambled such that it no longer identifies the Race Roster user. Keep in mind however that third parties who store Personal Data on our behalf have their own retention rules.
9. GDPR Compliance at Race Roster
Under the
General Data Protection Regulation
EU/2016/679 (GDPR), a Data Controller determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data. Race Roster remains the Controller of all Personal Data provided to and stored in the Platform, including the data of Registrants, Managers and Related Parties. Thus, we take accountability for the security and use of such data when sending confirmations, processing payments and generally assisting Managers and Related Parties plan and manage their event (for example, providing event reports, using analytics to gain insights into the effectiveness of various sales channels, marketing the event, obtaining event feedback, etc.).
Under the GDPR, a Data Processor processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller. Every party who receives or has access to Personal Data from or through the Platform is processing Personal Data and is bound by Race Roster’s Data Processing Addendum. When Personal Data is removed from the Platform by Managers or Related Parties because they are authorized to download the data, Race Roster is no longer the Controller of such downloaded data.
Race Roster’s legal grounds for processing Personal Data include contractual relationships through Terms of Service with Registrants, Managers and Related Parties, compliance with legal obligations and Race Roster’s legitimate interest in providing an effective event organizing platform.
EU data subjects residing in the European Union may have supplementary statutory rights with respect to their personal data as outlined in the GDPR. This includes the right to access their personal data, have it deleted, have it corrected, object to/restrict processing of such data, and the right to data portability. If you would like to make such a request, please e-mail
privacy@raceroster.com
(Attn: Data Protection Officer). Race Roster has developed an EU Data Subject Rights Procedure to ensure your request is responded to in a timely manner and within a month. In the context of a request for erasure, Race Roster will scramble or pseudonymize the data subject’s information to make it anonymous. If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing personal data not in accordance with the law you can lodge a complaint to the Data Protection Authority of the EU Member States where you reside.
Race Roster has required our service providers who we entrust with Race Roster user data to commit to the continued protection of such data as a data processor. If at any time in the future we plan to share Personal Data with additional third parties to deliver Race Roster services, we will ensure that they too maintain a high standard of care for such data.
Race Roster operates through its Canadian organization. Canada was the first country outside of Europe deemed adequate by the EU Commission in 2001, under the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC (the GDPR’s predecessor). An adequacy finding allows the flow of data from the EU to Canada as a trusted country in data protection. In addition, Race Roster uses data hosting providers who have made GDPR commitments of their own.
Please be informed that we transfer and process any personal data you provide to us to countries other than your country of residence. The laws of these countries may not afford the same level of protection to your personal data. Race Roster will therefore seek to ensure that all adequate safeguards are in place and that all applicable laws and regulations are complied with in connection with such transfer. More in particular for data transferred from the EU to countries outside the EU, Race Roster is using Intra Group Data Transfer Agreements based on new EU Model Clauses.
10. California Consumer Privacy Act compliance at Race Roster
We provide California Consumers the privacy rights described in this section. You have the right to exercise these rights via an authorized agent who meets the agency requirements of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
“) and related regulations. As permitted by the CCPA, any request you submit to us is subject to an identification process (“
Verifiable Consumer Request
”). We will not fulfill your CCPA request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify you are the Consumer about whom we collected Personal Data. Please follow the instructions at our
Consumer Rights Request page
and respond to any follow up inquires we may make.
Some Personal Data we maintain about users is not sufficiently associated with enough Personal Data about the user for us to be able to verify that it is a particular user’s Personal Data when a user request that requires verification pursuant to the CCPA’s verification standards is made (e.g., clickstream data tied only to a pseudonymous browser ID). As required by the CCPA we do not include that Personal Data in response to those requests. If we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the reasons in our response. You are not required to create an account with us to make a Verifiable Consumer Request but you may use your account to do so. We will use Personal Data provided in a Verifiable Consumer Request only to verify your identity or authority to make the request and to track and document request responses, unless you also gave it to us for another purpose.
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify Consumer Personal Data that we collect, process, store, disclose and otherwise use and to respond to your California Consumer privacy rights requests. In some cases, particularly with voluminous and/or typically irrelevant data, we may suggest that you receive the most recent or a summary of your Personal Data and give you the opportunity to elect whether you want the rest or not. We reserve the right to direct you to where you may access and copy responsive Personal Data yourself. We will typically not charge a fee to fully respond to your requests; provided, however, that we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act upon a request, if your request is excessive, repetitive, unfounded or overly burdensome. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, or that we may refuse it, we will give you notice explaining why we made that decision. You will be provided a cost estimate and the opportunity to accept such fees before we will charge you for responding to your request.
Your California Consumer privacy rights are as follows:
A. The Right to Know:
i.
Information Rights
:
You have the right to send us a request, no more than twice in a twelve-month period, for any of the following for the period that is twelve months prior to the request date:
The categories of Personal Data we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Data.
The business or commercial purposes for our collecting or selling your Personal Data.
The categories of third parties to whom we have shared your Personal Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data we have collected about you.
A list of the categories of Personal Data disclosed for a business purpose in the prior 12 months, or that no disclosure occurred.
To make a request, please follow the instructions at our Consumer Rights Request page
here
and respond to any follow up inquires we may make, or call us at 1-855-969-5515. We may request account history, account activity, other names associated with your account (ie, co-registrants), or verification of previously-provided information to confirm identity. For your specific pieces of information, as required by the CCPA, we will apply the heightened verification standards set forth in subsection (
ii
) below.
Please note that Personal Data is retained by us for various time periods, so we may not be able to fully respond to what might be relevant going back 12 months prior to the request.
ii.
Obtaining Copies of Personal Data:
You have the right to make or obtain a transportable copy, no more than twice in a twelve-month period, of your Personal Data that we have collected in the period that is 12 months prior to the request date and are maintaining. To make a request, please follow the instructions at our Consumer Rights Request page
here
and respond to any follow up inquires we may make, email to privacy@raceroster.com with the subject line “Request for Copies of Personal Data”, or call us at 1-855-969-5515. We may request account history, account activity, other names associated with your account (i.e., co-registrants), or verification of previously-provided information to confirm identity.
Please note that Personal Data is retained by us for various time periods, so we may not be able to fully respond to what might be relevant going back 12 months prior to the request.
B.
Do Not Sell
:
We do not believe that we “sell” your Personal Data as such is defined under the CCPA and will not sell your Personal Data we collected during a period in which we did not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of a sale unless we first obtain your affirmative consent to do so. However, while there is not yet a consensus, and although we think otherwise, data practices of third-party cookies and tracking technologies associated with our websites and mobile applications may potentially be determined to constitute a “sale” of your Personal Data as defined by the CCPA. Because we do not think these third-party activities are a sale by us, we do not offer an express “Do Not Sell” option. However, the rest of this section explains how you can exercise control over cookies, essentially opting out of their data collection, and in some cases provide certain opt-outs directly to cookie operators.
For instance, you can exercise control over browser-based cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser, and mobile devices may offer ad and data limitation choices. Please note that when you use cookie control tools, you will have to change your settings for each browser and device you use, and your limitation on cookies can limit the functionality of online services you use, including our services. Use the help function on your browser or click on the applicable links below to learn more:
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
You can use mobile device settings to limit mobile tracking technologies and associated activities. For instance, you can adjust or reset the advertising identifiers on your mobile device in the device settings. iOS users can visit Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Reset Advertising Identifier. Android users can visit Google settings > Ads > Reset advertising ID. These controls work much like deleting cookies in a browser—the device is harder to associate with past activity, but tracking may still occur using the new advertising identifier. In addition, third party tools may enable you to search for and opt-out of some of these trackers, such as the Ghostery browser plug-in available at https://www.ghostery.com/.
Some third parties that may collect personal information in association with your use of our online services for advertising, analytics and other purposes, and may sell that Personal Data downstream, provide you the opportunity to opt-out of their Sales. Please visit https://www.privacyrights.info/ to opt-out of the sale of Personal Data by participating Third Parties. You must opt out on every device and browser you use in order to effectuate your “Do Not Sell” requests from these parties. However, opting out does not mean you will stop seeing ads and you may continue to still see interest-based ads. To learn more about interest-based advertising and additional opt-out choices related to it, please visit
https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN and https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
.
For more information on cookies and other tracking technologies that may be associated with our web sites and mobile applications, and more information on ways you may exercise preferences regarding them, see also our
Cookie Policy
.
Clearing cookies or changing settings may affect your choices and you have to opt-out separately via each browser and other device you use. Cookie-enabled opt-out signals may no longer be effective if you delete, block or clear cookies. We are not responsible for the completeness, accuracy or effectiveness of any third-party notices, tools or choices.
Some browsers have signals that may be characterized as do not track signals, but we do not understand them to operate in that manner or to indicate a “Do Not Sell” expression by you, so we currently do not recognize these as do not sell requests. We understand that various parties are developing “Do Not Sell” signals. Since we do not believe that we currently sell Personal Data, we do not currently look for such signals.
We will not knowingly sell the Personal Data of Consumers under 16.
We may disclose your Personal Data for the following purposes, which are not a sale: (i) if you direct us to share your Personal Data; (ii) to comply with your requests under the CCPA; (iii) disclosures to our Service Providers, or as part of a merger or asset sale; and (iv) as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law.
C.
Delete
:
Except to the extent we have a basis for retention under CCPA, you may request that we delete your Personal Data that we have collected directly from you and are maintaining. Our retention rights include, without limitation, to complete transactions and service you have requested or that are reasonably anticipated, for legitimate internal business purposes, including maintaining business records, to comply with law, to exercise or defend legal claims, and to cooperate with law enforcement. Note also that we are not required to delete your Personal Data that we did not collect directly from you. To make a request, please send an email to
privacy@raceroster.com
with the subject line “Personal Data Deletion Request”, or call us at 1-855-969-5515. We may request account history, account activity, other names associated with your account (i.e., co-registrants), or verification of previously-provided information to confirm identity.
D.
Non-Discrimination and Financial Incentive Programs
:
We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA because you exercise your CCPA rights. However, we may charge a different price or rate, or offer a different level or quality of good or service, to the extent that doing so is reasonably related to the value of the applicable data. In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for the collection, sale and retention and use of your Personal Data as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. Please note that participating in incentive programs is entirely optional, you will have to affirmatively opt-in to the program and you can opt-out of each program (i.e., terminate participation and forgo the ongoing incentives) prospectively by following the instructions in the applicable program description and terms. We may add or change incentive programs and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above so check them regularly.
E.
Authorized Agents:
You may designate an agent to exercise your CCPA rights on your behalf. To provide information to an Authorized Agent, we must receive information from the Authorized Agent that can verify your account history, account activity, other names associated with your account (ie, co-registrants), or verification of previously-provided information.
F. Our and Other’s Rights:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, we may collect, use and disclose your Personal Data as required or permitted by applicable law and this may override your CCPA rights. In addition, we need not honor any of your requests to the extent that doing so would infringe upon our or any other person or party’s rights or conflict with applicable law.
G. Limitations on Rights
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, we may collect, use and disclose your Personal Data as required or permitted by applicable law and this may override your CCPA rights. In addition, we need not honor any of your requests to the extent that doing so would infringe upon our or any other person or party’s rights or conflict with applicable law. Further, to protect your privacy and security we will not provide you with access to or copies of sensitive personal information such as government identification or financial account numbers, passwords or answers to security questions or biometric identifiers; provided, however, that we will inform you if we maintain any such applicable types of Personal Data. We are also not required to search for Personal Data not maintained in a searchable or reasonably accessible format that is used for internal purposes only, or other Personal Data where the request is excessive, repetitive, unfounded or overly burdensome. In addition, as explained above, we will reject requests to the extent we are not able to sufficiently verify your identity, or your agent’s authority. If we conclude we have a basis for not fully responding to your request, our response to you will explain the basis for the limitation, unless we are prohibited from doing so by applicable law.
We may receive some limited Personal Information to perform services for other businesses as a Service Provider, but that Personal Data is not subject to our rights request obligations to consumers since we retain it only as a Service Provider. You will need to make your requests directly to those businesses with which you have the consumer relationship.
11. Other California Consumer Notices
In addition to CCPA rights, certain Californians are entitled to certain other notices, including:
a)
Third Party Marketing and Your California Privacy Rights
Separate from your CCPA “Do Not Sell” rights, California’s “Shine the Light” law permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
We do not share personal information of our customers, as those terms are defined by California Civil Code § 1798.83 (“Shine the Light law” or “STL”) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without either obtaining your consent or giving you the ability to opt-out. To opt-out of sharing within our family of companies (affiliates) for their direct marketing purposes, notify us at the postal or email address(es) noted below. Our sharing with non-affiliates will be on an opt-in basis for California customers so there is no need to opt-out of that sharing. If you are a California customer, you may also request information about our compliance with the Shine the Light law by contacting us here or by sending a letter, to the following address, as applicable. Compliance is met by providing the California customers the opt-in and opt-out choices described in this paragraph.
Race Roster North America Corp.
186 York Street
London, ON N6A 1B5
Any such request must include “California STL Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please indicate if you are opting out of affiliate sharing, seeking information on our compliance, or both. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through these email addresses or mail addresses.
As these rights and your CCPA rights are not the same and exist under different laws, you must exercise your rights under each law separately.
b)
Online Privacy Practices
Without limitation, Californians that visit our online services and seek or acquire goods or services for personal, family or household purposes are entitled to the following notices of their rights:
i) Tracking and Targeting
When you visit our online services, we and third parties may use tracking technologies to collect usage information based on your device for a variety of purposes, including serving you advertising, based on your having visited our services or your activities across time and third-party locations. Some browsers may enable you to turn on or off a so-called “Do Not Track” signal. Because there is no industry consensus on what these signals should mean and how they should operate, we do not look for or respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
ii) California Minors
Any California residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use our online services, and who posted content or information on the service, can request removal by contacting us here detailing where the content or information is posted and attesting that you posted it. Subject to our reasonable verification of your identity, we will then make reasonably good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view or anonymize it, so the minor cannot be individually identified to the extent required by applicable law. This removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal. For instance, third parties may have republished or archived content by search engines and others that we do not control.
c)
eCommerce
In accordance with California Business and Professions Code § 17538 et al., the legal names under which we conduct business online are Race Roster North America Corp., and our business address is:
Race Roster North America Corp.
186 York Street
London, ON N6A 1B5
Within five (5) days of our receipt of your request, California residents may receive verification of this information by email by contacting us here or at the postal address(es) noted above. Residents of California are also entitled to the following specific Consumer rights information: you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at: 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California, 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254. Hearing-impaired users can reach the Complaint Assistance Unit at TDD (800) 326-2297 or TDD (916) 322-1700. Their website is located at: http://www.dca.ca.gov.
2) Contact Us
For more information on your California privacy rights contact us at 1-855-969-5515.
12. Notice to Nevada Consumers
Although we do not “sell” “covered information” of Nevada “consumers” as those terms are defined by Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes, you may contact us at
privacy@raceroster.com
and register an e-mail contact address for us to provide you notice in the event we should do so in the future, at which point you will have an opportunity to be verified and exercise your opt-out rights under that law. Contact us in the same manner to update your contact email for notices. Changing your email address elsewhere (e.g., information requests, account information, etc.) will not update your Nevada notice contact information. It is your responsibility to keep your notice contact information current.
13. Data Deletion
If you initiate a data deletion request, you agree that Race Roster is authorized to delete or anonymize Personal Data of yours from the Platform even if that means removing its availability to the event organizer through the Platform. However, you understand that even if Race Roster deletes or anonymizes your Personal Data upon your request or pursuant to this Privacy Policy, your Personal Data may still be available in the event organizer’s own databases if transmitted to the event organizer prior to Race Roster receiving or taking action on any deletion or anonymization activity.
14. External Links and Race Roster Social Media
We may offer links from the Platform to the sites or apps of our service providers, affiliates or unrelated companies that may be of interest to you. Race Roster makes no representations as to such third parties’ practices for dealing with your Personal Data.
Race Roster’s use of social media serves as an extension of our presence on the Internet. Social media account(s) are public and are not hosted on Race Roster’s servers. Users who choose to interact with Race Roster via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of these third party services/platforms.
This Privacy Policy only applies to the Race Roster Platform and does not govern the activities of third parties. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of any apps, sites or platforms you associate with before sharing your Personal Data with such third parties.
15. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to better reflect our current data handling practices. Thus, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently, and especially before you provide us with your Personal Data. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when changes to this Privacy Policy were published and thus in force. In some cases (for example, if we significantly expand our use or sharing of your Personal Data), we may also tell you about changes by additional means, such as by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address we have on file for you. In some cases, we may request your consent to the changes. Your continued use of the Platform after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy indicates your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Local Deviations
Thailand
Deviations applicable to data subjects residing in Thailand are as follows:
A. Use of Personal Data
If you refuse to provide your personal data for our processing for the performance of our agreement with you, we may not be able to proceed with your request and/or may not be able to perform our obligations under the agreement with you. For example, we may not be able to register your OneASICS account or may not be able to deliver products to your address.
If you refuse to provide your personal data for our processing for the compliance of legal obligations, we and/or you may be in a violation of applicable laws or regulations.
B. Your Rights
You are entitled to:
revoke your consent to any collection, use or disclosure of your personal data. Please be noted that the revocation of your consent will not affect the processing of your personal data which has been carried out lawfully in accordance with the consent you have given prior to such revocation;
request an access or a copy of your personal data, or request us to disclose the source of your personal data under our control which you have not provided consent;
request your personal data to be transmitted to another entity. In the case where we have processed your personal data into a format which is generally usable and readable by automatic tools or devices, you are also entitled to request for your data in the said format and/or to have your personal data in said format transmitted to another entity;
object to any collection, use, processing or disclosure of your personal data in relation to direct marketing or in the case where we rely on legitimate interest to process your personal data and we cannot justify that our interests are not overridden by your rights;
request deletion or anonymization of your personal data in the following cases:
The processing of such data is no longer necessary pursuant to the objectives specified in this Policy;
We process your personal data by relying on your consent and you would like to revoke your consent;
We rely on legitimate interest to process your persona data and we cannot justify that our interests are not overridden by your rights; and
The processing of your personal data is not in compliance with Thai data protection law.
request suspension of processing of your personal data in the following cases:
During our examination of your request to exercise your rights under the law;
The processing of your personal data in not in compliance with Thai data protection law; and
The processing of such data is no longer necessary pursuant to the objectives specified in this Policy but there is still a need to keep the data for legal purposes.
request correcting or updating your personal data to be accurate and up to date.
If at any time you would like to do so, please send us your request to the contact information provided under this Policy. Before we are able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, we may ask you to verify your identity and/or provide other details to help us respond to your request. We reserve the right to reject your request under certain circumstances as permitted by applicable laws.
If you are under the age of ten years, incompetent, or quasi-incompetent, your rights mentioned above must be exercised through your legal guardian, curator, or custodian, as the case may be.
You may also make a complaint regarding any violation or non-compliance to the Office of Personal Data Protection Committee or any other competent supervisory authority in Thailand.
C. If You are under the legal age
Our online services and applications are not directed to children under the age of twenty years and we do not knowingly collect personal data directly from children under the age of twenty years. If you believe we have collected information about a child under the age of twenty years without a legal basis, please contact us (see ‘Data Protection Officer – Contact and Queries’ below) so that we may take appropriate steps to delete such information.
If you are under the age of ten years, you must get the consent of your parent or legal guardian before you give us any personal data about yourself. Your parent or guardian should contact the Race Roster / ASICS company responsible for using your personal data – the overview of the applicable Race Roster / ASICS companies can be found
here
– and provide us with their name, e-mail address and any other identifying information that we may request. We need this information in order to verify that they have provided the necessary consent. We may follow up by phone or other means in some circumstances. If you are under the age of ten years, do not contact us or provide us with any personal data until after your parent or guardian has sent us an e-mail consenting to your contact and provision of such information.
If you are at least ten years of age but under the age of twenty years and have not reached the legal age by marriage under Thai Civil and Commercial Code, you must get the consent of your parent or legal guardian before you give us any personal data about yourself for Services you are not capable of performing by yourself and require consent of your parent or legal guardian under Thai law.
If you are incompetent or quasi-incompetent, you must get the consent of your curator or custodian, as the case may be, before you give us any of your personal data
D. International Transfer of Personal Data
Please be informed that we transfer and process any personal data you provide to us to countries/regions other than your country/regions of residence. The laws of these countries/regions may not provide an equivalent level of protection to your personal data as the laws in your home country/region. We will therefore seek to ensure that all adequate safeguards are in place and that all applicable laws and regulations are complied with in connection with such transfer.
We rely on one of the following legal bases to transfer your personal data to countries/regions other than Thailand which may not provide an equivalent level of protection to your personal data as the laws of Thailand:
To comply with legal obligations;
With your freely given and informed consent;
As necessary to perform obligations of the contract under which you are a party, or to comply with your request to enter into such a contract; or
To comply with contractual obligations between ASICS and other entities for your benefit
Information specified under the Race Roster Global Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy which is not specifically stated otherwise in this Local Deviation remains in full force and effect.
Indonesia
A. Registrants and Managers and Related Parties
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of the Managers and Related Parties.
B. Third Parties
We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of the third parties carefully and thoroughly. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party or services.
C. Data Subject Rights
Pursuant to the applicable Indonesian laws and regulations, Indonesian data subjects may have supplementary statutory rights with respect to their personal data as outlined in the Indonesia Law No. 27 of 2022 on Personal Data Protection (“
PDP Law
”). The rights stipulated under the PDP Law are as follows:
The right to obtain information regarding identity clarity, basis of legal interest, purpose of requesting and using personal data, and accountability of parties that request personal data;
The right to complete, update and/or correct errors and/or inaccuracies in personal data regarding themselves in accordance with the purpose of the personal data processing;
The right to access and obtain a copy of personal data regarding themselves;
The right to end processing, delete, and/or destroy personal data regarding themselves;
The right to withdraw consent to the processing of personal data regarding themselves;
The right to object a decision-making action that is based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which has legal consequences or have a significant impact;
The right to delay or limit the personal data processing proportionally with the purpose of personal data processing;
The right to sue and receive compensation for violations of the processing of personal data regarding themselves;
The right to obtain and/or use personal data regarding themselves from a personal data controller in a form that is in accordance with the structure and/or format commonly used or readable by an electronic system;
The right to use and send personal data regarding themselves to other personal data controllers, as long as the system used can communicate with each other securely in accordance with the personal data protection principles
If you would like to make a request on the fulfillment of the aforementioned rights, please e-mail
privacy@raceroster.com
(Attn: Data Protection Officer).
D. Retention Period
We will only keep your information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, or a minimum retention period of five years as required by the applicable Indonesian laws and regulations. No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us. You may ask us to delete your information provided to us if you deem that the information that we collect is irrelevant for the purpose of this Privacy Policy.
E. Notification on Corporate Actions
As required by the applicable Indonesian laws and regulations, in the event we perform a merger, spin-off, acquisition, consolidation, or dissolution (collectively, a “corporate action”) of Race Roster, we will promptly notify you before the conduct of said corporate action. The subsequent data processing conducted after the corporate action will be subject to your consent upon receipt of the notification.
F. Applicability of Indonesian Law
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws and regulations of the Republic of Indonesia.
G. Use of Language
This Privacy Policy is issued in both English and Bahasa Indonesia. In the event of any inconsistencies or discrepancies between the English version and the Bahasa Indonesia version, the English version shall prevail.
Malaysia
The Malaysia Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (“
PDPA
”) applies to us insofar as we process Personal Data in Malaysia.
A. Personal Data of Minors
In respect of Personal Data relating to a minor (i.e. individuals under the age of 18), you confirm that you are the parent or legal guardian or person who has the parental responsibility for the said minor to consent on his/her behalf to the processing of his/her Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
B. Data Access and Correction Requests
You have the right to request access to and to request correction of your Personal Data subject to the following and subject to provisions of the PDPA: (a) you may, upon payment of a prescribed fee (if any), make a data access request or a data correction request in writing to us (see Section 2 above); and (b) we may refuse to comply with your data access request or a data correction request pursuant to the PDPA and shall, by notice in writing, inform you of our refusal and the reasons of our refusal.
C. Obligatory Personal Data
We will identify the categories of Personal Data that are compulsory in our forms (“
compulsory personal data
”). If you fail to supply us the compulsory personal data, we may refuse to process your Personal Data for any of the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
D. Limiting the Processing of Personal Data
You may limit the processing of your Personal Data or to request us to cease or not begin processing your Personal Data for purposes of direct marketing and/or withdraw your consent previously given to us (in full or in part) by providing us with a notice in writing. If you limit the processing or withdraw your consent to any or all use of your Personal Data, we may not be in a position to continue to administer any arrangement or contractual relationship in place, which in turn may result in: (i) us being unable to (continue to) process your Personal Data for any of the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy or provide you access to, or with any of, our services/products; and/or (ii) the termination of any arrangements/agreements you have with us.
E. Transfer of Personal Data
We may transfer your Personal Data to a place outside of Malaysia and you hereby give your consent to the transfer.
F. Language
This Privacy Policy is drafted in the English and Bahasa Malaysia language. In the event of any inconsistency between the English version and the Bahasa Malaysia version of this Privacy Policy, the English version shall prevail over the Bahasa Malaysia version.
Singapore
Additional information for Singapore-based individuals.
A. Consent
Please note that, by agreeing to this privacy policy, you consent to us collecting, using, disclosing or processing your Personal Data for all the relevant purposes set out in the “How Is my Personal Data Used and Stored” section and the “Sharing of Personal Data” section of this privacy policy. You also, by agreeing to this privacy policy, consent that we may transfer and process any of your Personal Data outside of Singapore based on the relevant purposes set out in such sections of this privacy policy.
B. Personal Data of Minors
In respect of Personal Data relating to a child below the age of thirteen, you confirm that you are the parent or legal guardian to consent to his/her behalf to the collection, use and disclosure of his/her Personal Data in accordance with this privacy policy.
C. Transfer of Personal Data
Where your Personal Data is to be transferred out of Singapore, we will comply with the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”) in doing so. In this regard, this includes us obtaining your consent unless an exception under the PDPA or law applies, and taking appropriate steps to ascertain that the foreign recipient of the Personal Data is bound by legally enforceable obligations to provide to the transferred Personal Data a standard of protection that is at least comparable to the protection under the PDPA. This may include us entering into an appropriate contract with the foreign recipient dealing with the Personal Data transfer or permitting the Personal Data transfer without such a contract if the PDPA or law permits us to.
D. Administration and management of Personal Data
You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal data in our possession or under our control at any time by submitting your request to the contact details listed below at Section F. We will process your request within a reasonable time from such a request for withdrawal of consent being made, and will there after refrain from collecting, using and/or disclosing your Personal Data in the manner stated in your request.
We will take reasonable efforts to ensure that your Personal Data is accurate and complete, if your Personal Data is likely to be used by us to make a decision that affects you, or disclosed to another organisation. However, this means that you must also update us of any changes in your Personal Data that you had initially provided us with. We will not be responsible for relying on inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data arising from you not updating us of any changes in your Personal Data that you had initially provided us with.
E. Retention of Personal Data
In addition to the section “How Long is my Personal Information Retained?”, we will put in place measures such that your Personal Data in our possession or under our control is destroyed and/or anonymised as soon as it is reasonable to assume that the purpose for which that personal Data was collected is no longer being served by the retention of such personal data; and retention is no longer necessary for any other legal or business purposes.
F. Contact us
If you, at any time, wish to send us any queries on this privacy policy or how we may manage, protect
and/or process your Personal Data; withdraw your consent for us to collect, use and/or disclose your Personal Data; or exercise your statutory rights under the PDPA in relation to access or correction of your Personal Data in our control or possession, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@raceroster.com
.
Australia
This Section and all provisions in relation to Australian privacy and data protection compliance in this Privacy Policy only apply to the extent that Australian law applies to the relevant individual. To the extent of any inconsistency with the remainder of this Privacy Policy, the provisions in this Section will apply.
When accessing the Platform from Australia “Personal Data” will have the meaning given to that term in the Australian Privacy Act, which is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable: (a) whether the information or opinion is true or not; and
(b) whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
A. Access to and correction of Personal Data
Under the Australian Privacy Principles of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), you have a right to:
Access your Personal Data:
You may request access to the Personal Data that we hold about you. Please note, we may be legally permitted to withhold access to your Personal Data in some circumstances. If access cannot be provided, we will notify you as soon as reasonably possible and provide you with the reasons for our refusal and any processes available to complain about the refusal. If we can provide access to your Personal Data in another form that still meets your needs, then we will take reasonable steps to do so.
Correct your Personal Data:
You may request us to correct the Personal Data we hold about you if you believe it is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading. We will take reasonable steps to promptly correct any Personal Data found to be inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading. Please note, we may be legally permitted to not correct your Personal Data in some circumstances. If we cannot correct your Personal Data, we will advise you as soon as reasonably possible and provide you with the reasons for our refusal and any process available to complain about the refusal.
To exercise these rights, you may contact us using the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy at Section 2 (“Who We Are and Getting in Touch”).
B. Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint in connection with the collection and handling of your Personal Data, or breach of the APPs, please contact us using the details in Section 2 (“Who We Are and Getting in Touch”) of this Privacy Policy and provide us with full details of the complaint. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you, in writing, setting out the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take in response to your complaint. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may contact an external regulatory complaint body, such as the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) for Australian complaints.
C. Overseas disclosures
We are likely to disclose your Personal Data to overseas recipients. This is strictly for the purposes set out in Section 3 (“Personal Data We Collect”) and Section 4 (“How is my Personal Data Used and Stored”) and we will only disclose your Personal Data overseas in accordance with Section 5 (“Sharing of Personal Data”).
D. Consequences of failing to provide Personal Data
If you fail to provide the requested Personal Data, our ability to provide our services may be impacted and you may not be able to participate in our events and services. For example, without your name and contact details, we cannot process your event registration. In some cases, we may be unable to communicate important event updates, results, or future opportunities. Certain information is essential for us to deliver our services effectively and ensure a safe, enjoyable experience for all participants.
Your privacy
Functional
Performance & Analytics
Targeting, Marketing & Social Media
We value the trust that you place in Race Roster by sharing your personal data
                                    with us and we are committed to handling your personal data in a way that is fair and
                                    worthy of that trust. Therefore, please keep in mind that when you visit our site, we and
                                    third parties may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of
                                    cookies. However, you can learn more about cookies and exercise choice regarding non-essential
                                    cookies by navigating the sections above. We encourage you to click on the different sections
                                    above to access a description of each category and to choose your settings for our site.
                                    Your settings do not automatically apply to all Race Roster sites you visit, and you must
                                    set your choices on each browser and device you use. If you block or clear cookies on your
                                    device you may lose your Race Roster settings. For more information, including other ways to
                                    control cookies, please also read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function properly and are therefore set
                                    to "always active". They are often set in response to actions made by you which amount to a
                                    request for services, such as setting your (privacy) preferences, remembering items in your
                                    shopping cart, logging in or completing forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you
                                    about these cookies, but some parts of the website will not then work.
These cookies allow us to measure and analyze our website audience so we can
                                    improve the performance of our sites. They help us to know which pages are the most and
                                    least popular and see how visitors move around the website. They also allow us to improve
                                    the speed with which we can process your request, allowing us to remember the website
                                    preferences you have selected. It also helps identify issues faced by users on the website.
                                    Not allowing these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site preferences.
Activate analytical cookies
These cookies allow us to make your user experience more personal and to recommend
                                    certain products. We do this, among other things, based on your behavior on the Race Roster
                                    website across the various devices you use. Furthermore, these cookies collect information to
                                    tailor advertising to your interest. They can be set by us or by our advertising partners.
                                    They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on our
                                    websites or on other websites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less
                                    targeted advertising. Social Media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to your social
                                    networks (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn) and share content from our website
                                    through social media.
Activate marketing cookies