News /
Privacy-Policy
Privacy Policy
The user agrees that by entering this website either directly or from any third party website,
                the user shall be automatically be governed by this privacy policy of SARG Global Digital Pvt.
                Ltd.
User agrees that usage/browsing of the website may lead to the user's device information, visits
                to and use of this website/apps, available accounts on the device (including [IP address,
                geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of
                visit, page views, website navigation, pixel tag, etc [hereinafter to be referred to as
                "information"] being accessible to SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd and/or third party. These
                information shall be used by SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd for other activities.
This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media
                fea-tures and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with
                our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information
                that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You
                consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. The data retention do not
                automatically expire and it resets on new activity
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the user's computer's hard drive.
                Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving cookies from the website on the
                user's computer's hard drive the user should take necessary steps within the user's web browsers
                security settings to block all cookies from the website.
Traffic log cookies may be used to identify which pages are being seen/ used to analyze data
                about web page traffic. SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd uses this information for statistical
                analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies are made to provide the user with a better website, by enabling SARG Global
                Digital Pvt. Ltd to monitor which pages the user finds useful and which the user does not.
Republicworld.com may contain links to enable the user to visit other websites of interest like
                the social plug-ins [viz. Facebook, Google Plus, Pinterest etc]. However, once the user shares/
                uses these links SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd does not have any control over other websites.
                Therefore SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd shall not be liable and/or responsible for the protection
                and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting such sites. Such sites
                are not governed by this privacy policy. The user should exercise caution and look at the
                privacy policy applicable to the website in question.
SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd may use social sharing buttons which help share web content
                directly from web pages to the platform in question. User is advised before using such social
                sharing buttons that user does so at user's own discretion. Social media and other platforms may
                track and save user's request to share a web page respectively through user's social media
                platform and other accounts.
User is free to submit user comments, questions, ideas, reviews or any other information
                concerning the website's contents, provided user understands that such comments will be subject
                to moderation. SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd reserves the right to reject, remove or edit such
                content. All such submissions should not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or
                infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others or against public policy.
User might be required to submit contact information like name, email address, mobile number,
                etc., which might be used by SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd to send out promotional materials,
                offers and other information to the user which SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd deems as necessary
                and beneficial to the user. SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd might promote third party information
                including products and services of such third party which SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd deems as
                beneficial to users but, in no circumstance, shall the user’s information be available to such
                third parties. Users revealing personal information on such third party websites is not under
                our direct control and hence SARG Global Digital Pvt. Ltd shall not be liable for any loss of
                privacy resulting from revealing personal information in such websites. SARG Global Digital Pvt.
                Ltd shall not be liable to the type of information thus being broad-casted to the user from the
                third party.
MANAGING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The User has the right to manage, review and update their information. Our policy relating to
                requests for the deletion of User data is set out below.
a. The User has the right to request that we correct any information they believe is
                    inaccurate. The User also has the right to request us to complete the information they
                    believe is incomplete.
b. The User has the right to request that we erase their personal data.
c. Where the personal data of the User is required to be erased and/or modified in compliance
                    of a Judicial Order or any other legal obligation.
We will update your preferences as soon as reasonably practical. However, do note, we will not
                be able to remove the Users personal information from the databases of affiliates, franchisees
                or business partners with whom we have already shared their personal information, prior to the
                date of the data deletion request.
A user may withdraw the consent given to the company on the website by communicating the same to
                us in writing on the email provided in the contact us section of the website.