Skip to content
Stay Ahead of the Fitness Curve!
Subscribe to Our Newsletter for Exclusive Offers, Expert Fitness Tips, New Product Launches, and More.
Join Our Community of Fitness Enthusiasts and Elevate Your Wellness Journey Today!
Your e-mail
Subscribe
Your cart is empty
Start shopping
Add order note
Save
Help and Manuals
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Warranty Terms and Conditions
Pro.Grade Vibrating Roller
Download
Fitness Vibrating Massage Ball
Download
R4 Pro Massage Gun
Download
FitIndex Body Weight Scale (FT-26R-B/FT-26R-W)
Download
FitIndex Body Fat Scale (ES-26M-US-1/FT-24D/FT-26BB-B)
Download
FitIndex Body Fat Scale (FTUS-28WBL)
Download
FitIndex Bluetooth Smart Body Tape Measure
Download
What information do we collect?
Personal information is information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. Personal information also includes anonymous information that is linked to information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. Personal information does not include information that has been irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.
We will only collect and use personal information which is necessary to comply with our legal obligations and to assist us to administer our business and provide you with the services you request.
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter the following information: your name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number. You may, however, also visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
We use the information you provide to us for the specific purposes for which you provide the information, as stated at the time of collection, and as otherwise permitted by law. The information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website and your shopping experience
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions including executing your payments and delivering the purchased products or services requested.
To administer a contest, special promotion, survey, activity or other site feature.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you important information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
To send periodic SMS messages
The phone number you provide during customer registration and/or order processing, may occasionally be used to send you important marketing and promotional information related to products and services that may be of interest to you.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Personal Information
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), our processing of your personal information will be based on the following: To the extent that we obtain your consent for the processing of your personal information such processing will be justified pursuant to Article 6(1) lit. (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”). If the processing of your personal information is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us or for taking pre-contractual steps upon your request, such processing will be based on GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (b). Where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, we will process your personal information on basis of GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (c), and where the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such processing will be made in accordance with GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (f).
Please note that where you have given your consent to the processing of your personal information you may withdraw your consent, for example by sending an e-mail to
support@fit-index.com
at any time which withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing previously made on basis of your consent.
Your rights
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up to date. You have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal information that we collect. You are also entitled to restrict or object, at any time, to the further processing of your personal information. You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured and standard format and, where technically feasible, the right to have your personal information transmitted directly to a third party. You may lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority regarding the processing of your personal information.
To protect the privacy and the security of your personal information, we may request information from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access such information, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal information we maintain. There are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal information that we maintain.
You may send us an e-mail to
support@fit-index.com
to exercise your rights. We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is correct and up to date.
How do we protect your information?
You are responsible for your own username and password safety and security on FitIndex. We recommend choosing a strong password and changing it frequently. Please do not use the same login details (email and password) across multiple websites.
That said, we do implement a variety of security measures including offering the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Our servers and website are security scanned and fully verified externally by McAfee Secure from Symantec on a daily basis to protect you online.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you have allowed it via your settings). This enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools for you in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are however not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us directly conduct and improve our business. We use, for example, Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to help us better understand how users engage with our website. Google Analytics uses cookies in order to collect information on the usage of our website. This information is used to compile reports and create services to help us improve our website and the services associated with it. The reports disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors. The information generated by the Google cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
On some pages of our website, third parties that provide applications through our website may set their own cookies in order to provide services, track the success of their applications or customize applications for you. For example, when you share content using a social media sharing button such as Facebook or Twitter, the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this. Because of how cookies work, we cannot access these cookies nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used by us.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting Customer Service at
support@fit-index.com
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, executing payments, delivering purchased products or services, sending you information or updates or otherwise servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
How long do we retain your information?
We will retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by tax, accounting or other applicable laws.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at Terms and Conditions.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Contact Us
If you would like to exercise one of your rights as set out above, or if you have a question or a complaint about this policy, the way your personal information is processed, please contact us via e-mail:
support@fit-index.com
Please read these conditions carefully before visiting or shopping on the Website. By visiting or shopping on the Website you (referred to as "you", "customer", "user" or "buyer") acknowledge and agree to accept these Terms and Conditions.
User account
You must register as a member on the Website in order to shop, to use some services and to enjoy special promotions and activities.
For safety and security, each customer is allowed to create only one registered account by default. For customers who attempt to create several accounts, We reserve the right to suspend accounts without further notice.
In accordance with Customs regulations customers must provide valid and accurate data. All consignee names, address and payers name should be valid. In certain countries the consignee may have to submit their ID or passport to clear the package or for payment verification purpose. Customers are solely responsible for the accuracy of data that they provide on the Website. Should any information be incorrect and prevent any shipment or deliveries or customs clearance, FitIndex will not be held responsible and will not offer any compensation in such cases.
FitIndex will always comply with the law, and We kindly remind users to do the same. As importers the customers are responsible to comply with all laws and regulations in their own countries.
Ordering
Whilst all efforts are made to ensure accuracy of product descriptions, specifications and pricing there may be occasions where errors arise. Should such a situation occur FitIndex will not accept your order. In the event of a mistake you will be contacted with a full explanation and a corrected offer. Likewise customers cannot benefit from any bugs or mistakes affecting the website. Any such benefits will be considered unjust and customers will be obliged to immediately waive them. The information displayed is considered as an invitation not as a confirmed offer for sale. The contract is confirmed upon supply of goods.
Given the popularity and/or supply constraints of some of the products offered on the Website, FitIndex may have to limit the number of products available for purchase. FitIndex reserves the right to change quantities available for purchase at any time, even after you place an order.
Following order dispatch, transportation is the sole responsibility of third-party logistics company. During this stage, full ownership of the product(s) belongs to the buyer; therefore all associated liability and risks during transportation shall be borne by the buyer.
Order Cancelation
Customers can cancel their order at anytime prior to shipping; please contact our Support Center. However, once the order has been dispatched, the order cannot be canceled, changed, or refunded. Upon receipt of the package, our Warranty and Return policy comes into effect.
Shipping and Delivery
Shipping times displayed on the Website refer to the estimated dispatch time of the packages. Since the actual delivery of your order can be impacted by many events beyond FitIndex's control We suggest that if customers have a special occasion or event that they wish to use their item for, such as a birthday, that they order their items well in advance. FitIndex cannot be held liable for late deliveries. We will, however, work with you to ensure a smooth shopping experience.
For a smooth delivery and peace of mind, We strongly recommend that customers purchase shipping guarantee during the checkout. In the event that your package has a shipping issue, FitIndex will send you a replacement package free of charge. If the item is no longer in stock, a refund option will be offered to you.
Any orders that do not have shipping guarantee will not be the responsibility of FitIndex and the customer takes full liability for their package during the shipping process.
There may be occasions when FitIndex confirms your order but subsequently learns that it cannot be supplied to you. In the event FitIndex cannot supply a product you ordered in a timely fashion, FitIndex will contact customers and offer to cancel the order and refund the purchase cost in full.
We try to make the delivery process as simple as possible and it is able to send your order either to your home or to your work place. We can ship to PO Boxes via all shipping methods, except for expedited shipping methods, as signatures are required upon delivery. Express shipments of this type can only be delivered to physical addresses.
Shipping and delivery times are calculated in working days from Monday to Friday. In the case of major holidays such as Christmas, the Chinese Lunar New Year, the Black Friday and the 11/11 event please allow extra delivery time. During those special occasions We will provide notices to reflect possible delays.
Customers are responsible for providing complete and accurate shipping addresses. FitIndex cannot make changes to your shipping address once a package has been shipped, and FitIndex is not liable for packages lost due to incomplete or inaccurate addresses.
FitIndex cannot be held responsible for any package that does not make it through the local customs and is destroyed due to the item being illegal in the destination country. Customers are solely responsible for complying with their local laws. FitIndex can neither be held responsible for any import tax that may occur and it is the customers sole responsibility to pay this fee, if any. Kindly note that shipping guarantee does not cover any customs issues, including but not limited to, goods being destroyed or confiscated due to their illegal status in any given destination country.
Should the buyer refuse the package due to import duties or taxes, the buyer takes full liability for all the costs involved in the process.
All orders reported as "delivered" by shipping companies are considered delivered. FitIndex cannot be made liable of non-delivery in this case.
If the address to which the package is sent to and other contact information are the correct address and contact information as provided by the customer, FitIndex cannot be held liable if a package is returned.
Whatever the customer orders is what will be shipped. We cannot be held liable for the customer receiving the wrong item if they placed the wrong order.
All non-receipt of orders must be reported within 3 months from the date the item is shipped to you. This applies for flat rate shipping, priority mail and standard shipping methods. All expedited delivery issues must also be reported within 3 months from the shipment date. After this time We will no longer be able to investigate and no compensation will be offered. Please note that this policy does not apply to packages sent via expedited shipping methods that are shown as delivered on the shipping company's tracking website.
Exchange and Returns (Money Back Guarantee)
If when you receive your product(s), you are not completely satisfied you may return the items to us, within 45 days for refund ("money back guarantee"). Returns will take approximately 5 working days for the process once the goods have arrived. The precise length depends on the payment provider used (e.g. PayPal, credit card company, etc). Items must be in their original packaging, all the original boxes must be intact and must include, along with all packaging materials, manuals, blank warranty cards and gifts, plus all accessories and documents provided by the manufacturer and FitIndex.
You must first contact us and be in receipt of a return merchandise authorisation (RMA) number before sending any item back. Any product returned without an RMA number will not be refunded.
The money back guarantee does not cover volume/wholesale and customized orders.
Shipping back to FitIndex is paid for by the customer. We are in general unable to refund you postal fees.
Any product returned found not to be defective can be refunded within the time stated above. Goods found to be tampered with by the customer will not be replaced but returned at the customer's own expense.
By default, the refund amount cannot exceed the original order amount paid to FitIndex. FitIndex is not responsible for and has no knowledge about any bank fees or exchange rate charges that may occur. These fees are processed by the issuing bank and will not be refunded by FitIndex.
Non-Returnable
Discounted or end of line products can only be returned for repair. No refunds or replacements will be made.
Product Descriptions
While we try in good faith to be as accurate as possible, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content is accurate, complete, reliable, or error free. From time to time there may be information on the Website that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing and availability.
We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. If a key product specification is changed after you place an order or within seven days of delivery, you can cancel and return the order for a full refund.
Storage of Contracts and Access
Every contract will be stored for a period of three (3) years from the placement of the order. Customers can access their contracts, as well as the T&C in force at the time, during such term.
Prices
Prices and availability of items are subject to change without notice. The prices do not include V.A.T, import tax and duties, should your package become examined and deemed taxable by your local customs. Payment of these is the responsibility of the buyer.
Applicable Law
These conditions are governed by and construed exclusively under Spain law without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
Privacy Notice
Note: Newsletter subscription on the registration page checked by default. FitIndex respects customer privacy. Please read about our privacy policy here: https://www.Fitindex.com/about/privacy-policy.html
Customer Conduct
Although FitIndex will always strive to resolve issues to the satisfaction of the customer in a professional, courteous and friendly fashion, we will not tolerate any unacceptable or unreasonable behavior towards our Customer Service Team members.
Unacceptable behavior directed towards Customer Service staff or FitIndex may, for example, include any of the following:
Aggressive, abusive and threatening behavior. Examples include: any and all direct or implied threats on any communication channel; intimidating language; personal and verbal abuse; sexist, racist, homophobic, or derogatory remarks; rudeness; inflammatory statements; swearing; and unsubstantiated allegations.
Persistently making habitually demanding or vexatious complaints, despite the matter having been fully addressed; similarly, repeating complaints persisting despite reasonable and fair solutions being offered in accordance with our policies.
Asking, expecting or demanding staff to breach established company policy guidelines, e.g. refund amount, time lines, special compensation, etc.; similarly, seeking an unrealistic outcome beyond the scope of our own policies and procedures.
Repeatedly changing the nature (or focus) of a complaint or the desired outcome, part way, after a formal response has been provided.
Excessive number of complaints compared to the total purchase value history.
For such behavior, complainants may be advised and formally notified of the following:
Their language is considered offensive, abusive, threatening, and wholly unacceptable.
They must refrain from using such language, intimidation, and threats.
There will be no further exchange of correspondence on the matter if they persist with this behavior.
FitIndex reserves the right to no longer accept orders from the customer in the future without further notice.
Note: Live Chat and telephone services are exclusively presale channels. We do not resolve after sales complaints over Live Chat or via phone. For the after sales issues please contact us and submit a ticket.
Conditions Of Use
Copyrights
All content included on the site such as text, graphics, logos, button, icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and software are all owned by FitIndex and are protected by international copyright laws.
Trademarks
Logos, icons, graphics and Website names are trademarks registered by FitIndex or its affiliates. All the registered and unregistered trademarks shall not be used by you or any third party for any business purposes other than in connection with FitIndex. Other trademarks which are not owned by FitIndex are the property of the respective owners.
License and Site Access
FitIndex grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site. This license does not include any forms of commercial use of this site or its contents, any collection and use of any products, any collection and use of any product listings descriptions or prices, any derivative use of this site or its contents, any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant, or any use of data mining, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any interest without express written consent from FitIndex.
FitIndex Marketing Correspondence
Following initial registration, and provided they grant their consent, customers are added to our mailing list featuring special deals, coupons and promotions. This allows our customers to take advantage of exclusive discounts. All customers can choose to unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by clicking on the link at the email footer.
Company Name: Joicom Limited
Address: Joicom Corporation, 14129 The Merge Street, Building 3 Unit A, Eastvale, CA 92880
(Note: To return a package, please contact our Customer Service for a return address. Please do not use this address directly as it is not for returning service.)
NOTE: USE OF THIS SITE, ANY MOBILE VERSION OF FITINDEX’S WEBSITES, AND MOBILE APPLICATIONS REQUIRE CONSUMERS TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS WITH US AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM US. PLEASE REFER TO THE ARBITRATION POLICY IN THE FITINDEX’S TERMS OF USE. THE TERMS ALSO CONTAIN A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
BY USING YOUR FITINDEX PRODUCT, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE WARRANTY BELOW.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE WARRANTY, DO NOT USE THE PRODUCT AND RETURN IT WITHIN THE RETURN PERIOD STATED IN FITINDEX’S RETURN POLICY.
LIMITED PRODUCT WARRANTY
FitIndex warrants to original purchasers in the United States and Canada that your new FitIndex products contained in the original packaging shall be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use in a home environment for a period of one (1) year from the date of the original retail purchase (the “Warranty Period”).
If you purchased the Product in the EU, your purchase is subject to your statutory right to have it replaced or repaired within a two (2) year period of receipt of the product if the product develops a fault or does not operate as advertised.
The express warranty and return policy set out on this page and our Terms of Use do not affect your statutory rights in the United Kingdom.
This limited warranty is valid to the extent permitted by applicable law.
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
This product is not intended for commercial use, and commercial use of this product will void this warranty.   FitIndex does not warrant that the operation of the product will be uninterrupted or error-free.  FitIndex is not responsible for damage arising from failure to follow instructions relating to the product’s use.  The warranty also terminates if the FitIndex product is sold or transferred.
This Warranty does not apply: (a) to software in any product and related services provided by FitIndex; (b) to batteries or product coatings that are designed to diminish over time, unless failure has occurred due to a defect in materials or workmanship; (c) to cosmetic damage, such as scratches and dents, unless failure has occurred due to a defect in materials or workmanship; (d) to damage caused by accident, abuse, misuse, fire, liquid contact, earthquake or other external cause; (e) to damage caused by operating the Product outside FitIndex published guidelines, including (i) outside the permitted or intended uses described by FitIndex, (ii) not in accordance with instructions provided by FitIndex, or (iii) with improper voltage or power supply; (f) to damage caused by service performed by anyone who is not a representative of FitIndex; (g) to a Product that has been modified to alter functionality or capability without the written permission of FitIndex; (h) to defects caused by normal wear and tear or otherwise due to the normal aging of the Product; and (i) stolen or counterfeit products.
No FitIndex reseller, distributor, agent, or employee is authorized to make any modification, extension, or addition to the product warranty. If any term contained herein is held to be illegal or unenforceable, the legality or enforceability of the remaining terms shall not be affected or impaired.
WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF YOU SUBMIT A WARRANTY CLAIM?
If during the Warranty Period you submit a claim in accordance with this warranty, FitIndex will, at its option:
(i) repair the product using new or previously used parts that are equivalent to new in reliability and performance,
(ii) replace the product with the same model (or with your consent a  similar functioning product) made from new and/or previously used parts that are equivalent to               new in performance and reliability, or
(iii) reimburse the buyer the purchase price (less any amount directly attributable to use by the buyer before discovering the nonconformity.)
FitIndex products may include complex integrated components for which repair, such as cracked screens or faulty batteries, may not be possible outside of factory conditions, and repair facilities or spare parts may not be available for your product or around your location. Therefore, goods presented for repair may be replaced by refurbished goods of equivalent type rather than being repaired. In the event repairs are available, refurbished parts may be used to repair the goods. Repair or replacement of goods that are capable of retaining user-generated data may result in loss of that data.
FitIndex reserves the right to make product substitutions in lieu of repair or replacement.  In the event of such a defect, to the extent permitted by law, these are your sole and exclusive remedies.
Any replacement product will be warranted for the remainder of the original Warranty Period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer, or for any additional period of time that may be required by applicable law.
HOW TO OBTAIN WARRANTY SERVICE
To obtain warranty service on your FitIndex product, contact a Customer Services representative for assistance. Please make sure to have the model number of the product available and the date you purchased the product.
Before receiving warranty service, FitIndex or its agents may require that you provide proof of purchase details, respond to questions designed to assist with identifying potential issues, and follow its procedures for obtaining warranty service, as permitted or required by law.
It is your responsibility to backup any data, software, or other materials you may have stored or preserved on the product. It is likely that such data, software, or other materials will be lost or reformatted during warranty service, and FitIndex will not be responsible for any such loss.Customer Service can be reached by phone or email:
Customer Services Hotline
United States
+1(714)602-6510
Mon-Fri 9:00AM-4:30PM (PST)
support@fit-index.com
United Kingdom
44-743-466-6088
Mon-Fri 9:00AM-5:00PM (GMT)
support-eu@fit-index.com
WARRANTY SERVICE OPTIONS
FitIndex will provide warranty service as follows: If FitIndex determines that your Product is eligible for mail-in service, FitIndex will send you prepaid packaging slip and instructions on how to properly pack and address your product, so that you may ship your Product to a repair location.  Otherwise, shipping and handling charges may apply except where prohibited by applicable law.
FitIndex reserves the right to change the method by which it may provide warranty service to you.
DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS LIMITED WARRANTY IS THE EXCLUSIVE WARRANTY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND WARRANTIES AGAINST HIDDEN OR LATENT DEFECTS) ARE DISCLAIMED.  IF THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION DOES NOT ALLOW WARRANTIES TO BE DISCLAIMED IN THEIR ENTIRETY, THEN, AS MAY BE PERMITTED BY LAW, THEY SHALL BE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE APPLICABLE WARRANTY PERIOD.
LIMITATION OF DAMAGES
EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WARRANTY AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FITINDEX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE OR DATA, RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OR UNDER ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF FITINDEX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
SOME STATES (COUNTRIES AND PROVINCES) DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
GOVERNING LAW
FitIndex’s limited warranty is governed by California law, without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide the application of the law of another jurisdiction.
Scales
Tape Measure
Massagers
Massage Gun
Foam Roller
Leg Massager
Home Gym
Exercise Bike
Resistance Trainer Kit
Blogs