Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED
ON 17 DECEMBER 2021
1.
OBJECTIVE
The security of personal information
about you is our priority. We receive and store both personal and non-personal
information about you when you visit and/or use our website,
Kuvera.in
or our iOS or
Android mobile applications. We protect this information by maintaining
physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that meet applicable laws. We
train our employees in the proper handling of personal information.
This Privacy Policy lays down the
norms for that govern the use, disclosure and sharing of information about the
registered users of Kuvera. “
Kuvera
”, “Kuvera.in” and “www.kuvera.in” are
properties owned by Arevuk Advisory Services Private Limited (“Arevuk”).
2.
Collection of Information
We collect the following Personal and
Non-Personal Information when you use Kuvera.
a.
Personal
Information for the purpose of this privacy policy includes
i.
Your name, contact
number and e-mail that is collected for signing up on Kuvera.
ii.
Information provided
by you, for using the services provided by us, such as your mobile number,
e-mail, password, date of birth, residential address, gender, marital status, Permanent
Account Number (PAN) and your bank account details.
iii.
You may be required
to provide certain additional information depending on the services that you
wish to use, at your discretion.
iv.
We may also retrieve
information from centralized Know Your Customer (KYC) databases such as CVL
KRA, NDML KRA, CERSAI (CKYC) etc such as your KYC status and, fathers name,
occupation, identity and address proof documents.
v.
For use of some
services, we may be required to perform a Know Your Customer registration check
and register/update your KYC if not already registered/updated. In such cases,
we will require you to provide your KYC information as detailed in i) and ii)
above, upload documentary evidence of your identity, address and financial
details and record a live video interaction through the device in use that
clearly shows your face to establish liveliness and verify that it’s you who is
accessing our application.
vi.
During the use of
our services, we will collect information about your transaction history, transaction
status and other transaction details.
vii.
When you access Kuvera through the
mobile application or through the browser on your mobile device, we will
receive information about your location, IP address, the make, model and the
unique identifier of the device in use.
viii.
When you interact
with our customer support systems including through chat bots, email, live
interaction with an agent either over chat or on call, we record these
interactions.
b.
Non-Personal
Information
i.
When you visit our
website, we collect and store information to enable us to provide an online
experience that matches your device. The information collected includes the
type and address of the device you use, the browser and its version, the
operating system and its version you are using and the website from which you
came to the Kuvera Website.
ii.
When you install and
access our mobile application or access our website through a mobile device, we
collect information including your location, IP address, the make, model and
the unique identifier of the device in use, the browser and its version, the
operating system installed on the device and its version,
iii.
When you browse our
site or receive an e-mail from us, we and the companies we work with, use
cookies and/or pixel tags to collect information and store your online
preferences. Cookies are widely used and most browsers are set up to accept
them automatically. If you would prefer, you can choose to not accept cookies
by disabling same through browser settings.
iv.
Cookies and pixel
tags help us improve your online experience. This comprises, inter alia, your
response to any of our e-mails, the time and duration of your visit to our site
and pages you viewed while on our site.
v.
We may also
supplement the information we collect with information we receive from other
companies. For example, we may use marketing segments developed by us or other
companies to customize certain services to your local area and provide relevant
Kuvera offers tailored to you.
Any information provided to us by you
or collected by us about you shall be deemed to have been disclosed willingly
by you, without any coercion by our officers, agents or affiliates. While we
make efforts to validate the information provided by you, we do not/shall not
undertake any liability and do not/shall not make no representations as to the
genuineness, validity, completeness or correctness of the information provided
by you.
3.
Storage of your information
Information collected is stored on
our servers, log files or storage systems owned by us or by third parties
specifically providing such storage services.
4.
Use of information
We use the personal information and
non-personal information provided by you for
a.
Facilitating
various services provided by us, the availing of each of which are at your discretion,
including
i.
Setting up of your
account and facilitating the processing your transactions through BSEStarMF,
our transaction partner for Mutual Fund services.
ii.
Setting up of your
fixed deposit accounts with NBFC or with banks, as the case may be.
iii.
Setting up and
facilitating the processing of your transactions through our partners for
international equities, domestic equities, insurance.
iv.
To enable us to
complete your registration with us and/or with them and to process any
transaction requests that you authorise, maintain a record of your transactions
and holdings, generate and send reminders, alerts, notifications to you for
transactions, upcoming funds transfers etc.
b.
Checking/Updating/Registering
your KYC in centralized KYC databases such NDML KRA, CERSAI (CKYC)
c.
Resolving
your queries, concerns and to provide you with support in the case of any
issues during the use of our services and of those provided by our partners.
d.
Informing
you about any offers relating to products and services including sharing of
marketing material with you.
e.
Streamlining
and customizing your experience while using our mobile application or while
accessing our services through the mobile browser or our website.
f.
Informing
you over email or on call about the progress of and issues with, if any,
pertaining to the transactions initiated by you and the resolution thereof or
relating to the services availed by you.
g.
To
prepare analyses, reports and tools for your use such as the portfolio snapshot
capital gains report, consolidated transaction history, ELSS tax reports etc
h.
Facilitate
the transfer of funds from your bank account to the service provider by
validating your bank account and redirecting you the payment gateway provided
by the service provider(s).
i.
To
track, analyze and maintain information about your use of our application to
enable us to maintain and preserve information of your current state and flow
progress.
j.
To
communicate with our partners with respect to their products and services that
you may have availed through us.
k.
To
enable our partners to communicate with you with respect to their products and
services that you may have availed through us.
We use the non-personal information
provided by you and aggregated information for:
a.
To
improve your experience while using our website, mobile website or mobile
application
b.
For
troubleshooting and identifying any bugs, operational issues, process
bottlenecks, errors in the application and for analysing usage and activity
trends and to
c.
To
prepare analyses, reports and tools for your use such as insights.
d.
To
monitor, identify, resolve and prevent any security incidents, frauds, criminal
activities, prohibited activities, non-compliance
e.
For
research, design and development of the products and services offered by us.
f.
We
may use aggregated information that does not identify you individually for
better product design, research and for developing customized marketing offers
either by us or any affiliated or unaffiliated third-party consultants or
service providers.
5.
Sharing of your information
a.
When
we use third parties to provide services, we require them to protect the
confidentiality of personal information about you that they receive from us.
The information is disclosed on a need-to-know basis.
b.
We
may use third party service providers to enable us in providing some services
to you such as sending e-mail messages to you and tracking them on our behalf,
collecting a fee for our services, and providing technical support that can
contact you regarding an issue with any feature or functionality on our
website.
c.
Information
will be shared with select third parties such as our group companies, Asset
Management Companies (AMC), Registrar and Transfer Agents, BSE Limited and
affiliate companies, National Stock Exchange of India Limited, partners through
whom we provide some of our services such as banks, financial institutions,
credit information companies, entities registered under applicable laws with
Securities Exchange Board of India, the Reserve Bank of India, Central Registry
of Securitisation Asset Reconstruction and Security Interest of India (CERSAI),
KYC registration agencies (KRA), payment gateway providers, banks providing
collection services in order to enable us to complete your registration with us
and/or with them and to process any transaction requests that you authorise,
maintain a record of your transactions and holdings, generate and send
reminders, alerts, notifications to you for transactions, upcoming funds
transfers etc.
d.
We
also use third-party services such as Sentry, Mixpanel, G
oogle
tag manager, Google analytics
etc
that may collect information used to
identify you.
e.
We
will not share with, or make available, your personal information to any third
party without your authorisation, except if we are specifically directed or
mandated to do so under any Applicable Law, legal proceeding or directive by
any administrative, judicial, quasi-judicial, statutory or regulatory body or
any authority or agency of the Government.
6.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
a.
Registering
for a service on our website requires the creation of a Login ID and Password
by you to ensure the privacy and security of the information you provide. Your
Login ID and Password are the primary means to access our services and website,
and hence as a security feature, our website requires creation of a password
that meets certain complex requirements. We recommend and require that your
keep your Login ID and Password confidential. Further, we recommend that you
change your password periodically. We shall not be responsible for any
unauthorized access to your account if you share your Login ID and Password
with anyone or as a consequence of a violation of this Privacy Policy or the
Website’s Terms of Use.
b.
Every
time you login to our website or mobile application, we use, inter alia, the
latest authentication and encryption protocols (TLS 1.2) along with session
time outs, firewalls to protect your account from unauthorised access. Your
password information is not accessible to anyone including us and can only be
changed/updated by you using a two-factor authentication process.
c.
We
may offer the use of social logins or identity providers such as Google,
Facebook etc. to enable you to conveniently create an account and register
yourselves on our website. By enabling the use of these credentials, we offer
you the convenience of not having to create and remember a fresh user ID and
password. Such service, its availability and the privacy of your login
information are governed by the terms and conditions of the respective service
providers. Whilst we do take adequate measures to safeguard your information,
we do not take responsibility of your information in case of a security breach
at these service providers or in case you share your login information with
anyone or in case your social media account was to get hacked. We require you
to maintain adequate confidentiality of your social login information and use
this facility after due consideration and with appropriate caution.
d.
When
you provide us with your personal information either while setting up an
account with us or later, it is kept maintained by the division that is
responsible for your account management. You can view and/or update/edit this
information by logging on to your account through our website, e-mailing us or
calling customer service.
As we add more services or wish to
inform you of some additional benefits that we offer either directly or in
partnership with any third party, we may use the information we have collected
to offer you customized recommendations as well as marketing communications
through any medium including e-mail, SMS etc. You will have the option to opt
out of such communications at any time.
7.
Consent and changes to the privacy policy
When you create a
login ID and password or sign-in to kuvera, you are providing your consent to
this Privacy Policy.
Withdrawal of
consent: Personal information collected will not be used for any purposes other
than as mentioned herein. You may withdraw your consent for the use of the
personal information at any time by
deactivating your account.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any
processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing
of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other
than consent. In the event you choose to withdraw your consent for collecting
and processing your personal data, we will be unable to provide you with our
products and services.
Changes
to the Privacy Policy: We reserve the right to unconditionally modify, change
or update this Privacy Policy in part or its entirety at any point at our
discretion without assigning any reason whatsoever. Update of this Privacy
Policy shall be adequate notification of these changes, if any. We will date of
last update of this Privacy Policy right the beginning of this document/web
page. Further, the most update Privacy Policy and the date of last update of
this Privacy Policy shall be available on
https://kuvera.in/privacy
on
the web and in the Privacy section of the mobile application.
8.
GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL
You may reach out to
us for any queries with respect to this Privacy Policy through our Help section
or by writing to
support@kuvera.in
.
We comply with the
requirements of the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices And
Procedures And Sensitive Personal Data Or Information) Rules, 2011. And for the
purposes of this act, we have designated Neelabh Sanyal as the Grievance
Officer. The Grievance Officer may be reached by writing to support@kuvera.in.
Welcome!
We’ve sent you a confirmation email. Please use it to verify your email address.
WILL DO
waiting for response