​
GYM
EXERCISES
Privacy Policy
– Updated January 2023
This following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for the Gym Exercises Mobile Application.
Gym Exercises is committed to providing you with the best possible experience with their application. Gym Exercises is bound by the Privacy Act 1988, which sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals.
Collection of your personal information
There are many aspects of the application which can be viewed without providing personal information, however, for access to vote, save exercises, create workouts and view logs/graphs you are required to submit personally identifiable information to create an account. This may include but not limited to a unique username and password, or provide sensitive information in the recovery of your lost password. If you choose to sign up using Facebook we will collect your full name and email address to authenticate with their servers.
Sharing of your personal information
Gym Exercises does not share any of it's user's personal information. On occasion some limited personally identifiable information (email/name) may be shared with support organisations - eg the database provider, for items such as support enquiries - eg locked out of an account. Gym Exercises takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Use of your personal information
For each user of the application, we collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to:  Device token, locale identifier, timeZone, app version, firebase instance and instance ID. This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalized content to you.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only, data collected from the time of the policy change forward will adhere to our updated practices.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Gym Exercises reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not use the application.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons.
Requesting Your Data Deletion
You have a right to request the deletion of your personal information from the cloud backup. Simply contact
adamis1st@hotmail.com
to confirm you want your information removed. Any other personal data can be removed by uninstalling the application.
Contacting us
Gym Exercises welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us.
E-mail:
adamis1st@hotmail.com