Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which RP Strength, LLC ("RP" or "We") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users ("You" or a “User”) of RP Services. RP Services include, without limitation, the RP Website (
https://rpstrength.com
), RP Forums and Blogs, RP Diet Coach App, and RP Hypertrophy App (“Services”). This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personally identifiable information (“PII”) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our Services.
Personal information we may collect from Users
When ordering or registering for any Services, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your Name, Date of Birth, Contact information (such as: Mailing Address, Phone Number, E-mail Address), Activity levels, Food Intake, and any other personal information you provide to us to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We may collect information from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other features in the following ways: sign up for an account, respond to a survey, fill out a form, submit or post content, make in-app purchases, engage in other activities, services, features or resources we make available that request your information.
We collect certain information automatically, including:
The IP address of the computer or other device that You are using;
The browser name and the type of computer or other device that You are using;
Technical information about Your computer or other device, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider You are using, and other similar information.
This information is not considered personally identifiable unless it is combined with your User ID, contact information, account information, or other information that is unique to You. We may combine this information with your User ID, contact information, account information, or other unique information in order to provide the Services that you have requested, to troubleshoot problems, or to provide better service to you or other Users.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To provide services to you. We use the information you provide to us to provide the Services you have requested
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our Services in order to better serve you. We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the Services and resources we provide. We may also use feedback you provide to improve our Services.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services. We may use the email address to send Users information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to User inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
As content, when uploaded by You, or with Your permission. We may permit You to upload pictures, comments, or reviews.
For the purposes specified at the time of collection. There may be other purposes that are specified when the User information is collected.
As otherwise required or permitted by law. There may be times when the law permits or requires Us to use information for other purposes.
Certain information that is provided within an App may not be private, and You may be required to provide certain information to use an App. Apps require the use of a username and password. You may also be permitted to post certain content for public viewing within Apps, or on the websites that sell the App. Please consider carefully the information that you choose to post for public viewing, within an App or on any website.
Information that is posted in comments or on the App Store can be viewed by the general public. We have no control over, and disclaim responsibility or liability for, how other Users may respond to, use or misuse the content that You post for public viewing on any website, or on public areas within Apps, or for any actions taken by other Users related to content that You post on any website or on public areas within Apps.
How do we share your personal information?
We do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise transfer Your personal identification information to others unless we provide you with advance notice. We may share information about Users:
With third party service providers that help us operate our business and the Apps or administer activities on our behalf;
With companies that provide services to us, such as website hosting services and the App stores;
With companies that are disclosed to You at the time You provide the Information;
As permitted or required by law; for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or to prevent or investigate a crime or fraud. We may share information if necessary to enforce this Privacy Policy or Terms of Use. We reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement or government agencies activities that We, in good faith, believe to be harmful or unlawful, with or without providing notice to You.
Non-personally identifiable User information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How do we protect visitor information?
We use reasonable data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored within Apps or our servers. However, it is impossible to guarantee security of any data stored on a device or transmitted over the Internet. While we seek to protect information, we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information You provide.
Furthermore, our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We also use regular malware scanning for all of our Services. We do not use an SSL certificate because personal information is not stored on the website. We use 3rd party services for list management and processing of transactions.
Corrections and Deletions
To correct your personal information:
You can log on to Your User Account and change the information in your User Profile;
You can send an email to
info@rpstrength.com
and request that your personal information be corrected.
To request deletion of your personal information:
You can send an email to
info@rpstrength.com
and request that we delete your personal information.
If we are processing your Personal Information based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may lose the ability to continue to utilize some or all of our Services.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled It won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not endorse the products of those companies, do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Apps, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together.
We use Google Analytics to view metrics for website usage. We don’t use adwords or sell advertising in a display network.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
Protecting Children's Privacy
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
Our Services are intended to be used by individuals over the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If We become aware that We have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age, We will promptly remove such information. If You believe We have collected information from your child, please notify us at
info@rpstrength.com
.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days;
We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business days.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
International Access; Acceptance of Policy
If You are accessing our Services from outside the United States of America, Your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States. The privacy laws of the United States may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. By using our Services, you acknowledge that We collect and process Your data as described in this Policy. We collect and use information as reasonably necessary to fulfill Your requests for our Services, to operate Our business, and to comply with law. You acknowledge that these are acceptable reasons to collect and process Your data. You also consent to the transfer of Your information to the United States and the use and disclosure of Your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If You want Us to correct, delete, or no longer process Your data, please contact us at
info@rpstrength.com
. You understand and agree that a request for us to delete or no longer process Your data means that you can no longer use our Services, as it is necessary for Us to process Your data to provide the Services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
RP has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When We do, We will revise the "updated" date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how We collect and use Your information. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of any modifications.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.rpstrength.com
13663 Providence Rd
PMB #354
Weddington, NC 28104
USA
email:
info@rpstrength.com
phone: (240) 580-2904
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf:
Education Foundation
Consumer Federation of California
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
—updated July 29, 2015
The first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy, the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) went into effect in 2004. It was amended in 2013 to require new privacy disclosures regarding tracking of online visits.
CalOPPA applies to any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) whose website collects personally identifiable information from California consumers. CalOPPA requires the website to feature a conspicuous privacy policy stating exactly what information is collected and with whom it is shared; it also requires the operator of the website or online service to comply with the site’s privacy policy. Those who fail to do so are at risk of civil litigation under the state’s Unfair Competition Law.
Who does CalOPPA apply to?
CalOPPA applies to any person or entity that owns or operates a commercial website or online service that “collects and maintains personally identifiable information from a consumer residing in California who uses or visits” said website or online service. CalOPPA does not apply to Internet service providers or similar entities that transmit or store personally identifiable information for a third party.
In 2012, the California Attorney General’s Office specifically applied CalOPPA to mobile applications for smartphones and tablets that collect personally identifiable information. Hundreds of apps providers were notified that they were in violation of CalOPPA, and they were given 30 days to submit compliance plans or face fines of up to $2,500 for each time their app was downloaded.
What is “personally identifiable information”?
As legally defined, “personally identifiable information” refers to details collected on the Internet about an individual consumer, including an individual’s first and last name, a physical street address, an email address, a telephone number, a Social Security number, or any other information that permits a specific individual to be contacted physically or online. The term extends to details such as a person’s birthday, height, weight or hair color that are collected online and stored by an operator in personally identifiable form.
What is required under CalOPPA?
The operator of a commercial website or online service must conspicuously post a privacy policy on its website. According to CalOPPA, conspicuously posting a privacy policy means:
The privacy policy is shown on the website’s homepage; or
A link – via an icon that contains the word “privacy” – appears on the homepage and directly takes consumers to the privacy policy. In this instance, the icon must be in a color different from the homepage’s background; or
The privacy policy is linked to the homepage via a hypertext link that contains the word “privacy,” is written in capital letters equal to or greater in size than the surrounding text; is displayed in a type, font or color that contrasts with the surrounding text of the same size; or is otherwise distinguishable from surrounding text on the homepage.
CalOPPA also requires website operators to adhere to their stated privacy policy. As May 2014 guidance from the California Attorney General’s Office says, “It requires them to say what they do and do what they say – to conspicuously post a privacy policy and to comply with it.”
To be considered in compliance with CalOPPA, the website’s privacy policy must contain the following:
A list of the categories of personally identifiable information the operator collects;
A list of the categories of third parties with whom the operator may share such personally identifiable information;
A description of the process (if any) by which the consumer can review and request changes to his or her personally identifiable information as collected by the operator;
A description of the process by which the operator notifies consumers of material changes to the operator’s privacy policy; and
The effective date of the privacy policy.
An operator will be considered in violation of CalOPPA if it fails to post a privacy policy within 30 days after being notified of noncompliance. An operator who fails to comply with CalOPPA or with the terms of its privacy policy will be found to be in violation of CalOPPA only if its noncompliance is either knowing and willful or negligent and material. This means that a non-material (i.e., minor) but deliberate breach can give rise to liability. As a result, minor technical defects in the posting or the contents of a privacy policy could be a basis for liability.
AB 370 Requires New Privacy Disclosures
Assembly Bill 370 (Muratsuchi), signed into law in 2013, amended CalOPPA to require new privacy policy disclosures for websites and online services’ tracking of visitors, defined in the legislative analysis of the bill as “the monitoring of an individual across multiple websites to build a profile of behavior and interests.”
AB 370 was in part driven by the advent of “Do Not Track” computer coding, which can signal websites when visitors indicate they prefer not to be monitored. AB 370 is intended to bring greater transparency and consumer scrutiny to website practices, but it does not limit tracking.
As the bill’s author, Assembly Member Al Muratsuchi (D-Torrance) explained, “This bill would increase consumer awareness of the practice of online tracking by websites and online services, such as mobile apps. AB 370 will allow consumers to learn from a website’s privacy policy whether or not that website honors a Do Not Track signal. This will allow the consumer to make an informed decision about their use of the website or service.”
Under AB 370, privacy policies for websites or online services used by California residents (includes mobile apps for smartphones and tablets) are required to:
Disclose how a business’s website or online service responds to Do Not Track signals from Web browsers.
Disclose whether third parties may collect visitors’ personally identifiable information on a business’s website or online service.
Provide “a clear and conspicuous hyperlink in the operator’s privacy policy to an online location containing a description, including the effects, of any program or protocol the operator follows that offers the consumer that choice.”
What are the consequences of noncompliance?
CalOPPA does not contain enforcement provisions. It is expected, however, that CalOPPA will be enforced through California’s Unfair Competition Law (UCL), which is located at Business and Professions Code §§ 17200-17209. Under the UCL the California Attorney General’s Office, district attorneys, and some city and county attorneys can file suit against businesses for acts of “unfair competition,” which are considered to be any act involving business that violates California law. As a result, violations of CalOPPA may be considered violations of the UCL. Government officials bringing suit for violations of CalOPPA may seek civil penalties and equitable relief under the UCL. In addition, the UCL provides that private plaintiffs may assert private claims for violations of CalOPPA under the UCL.
Operators who violate CalOPPA may also be susceptible to actions by the Federal Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement action against businesses whose posted privacy policy is deceptive – that is, where a business fails to comply with its posted privacy policy.
____________________
Read more:
Online Privacy Protection
California Online Privacy Laws
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Recent Online Privacy Legislation in California
Protecting Your Child’s Online Privacy
Teens’ Online Privacy
Tips for Safe Internet Use
Is Your Computer Secure?
Frequently Asked Questions About Online Privacy
R
F
T
© 2025 Consumer Federation of California
About Us
CFC in the News
Privacy Policy
Cy Pres Awards
CFC Education Foundation
Employment
Contact Us