Listen now to our podcast "What's Nect?" with founder and CEO Benny Bennet Jürgens. Click here for the current episode.
Learn more
Data protection Website
Data protection / privacy notes for users of the Nect Wallet
Data subject rights
Data protection Website
SECTION 1 INFORMATION REGARDING THE COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
(1) The following provides information regarding the collection of personal data when using our website. Art. 4 (1) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) defines personal data as all data which makes it possible to identify you as a person such as, for example, your name, address, email addresses or user behaviour.
(2) The data controller as per Art. 4 (7) GDPR is the company
Nect GmbH
Großer Burstah 21
20457 Hamburg, Germany
(3) Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at:
Dr. Volkan Güngör
Nect GmbH
Großer Burstah 21
20457 Hamburg, Germany
(4) Any questions or issues relating to your data should be addressed to
privacy@nect.com
.
Should you wish to contact our data protection officer directly (for example, because you have a particularly sensitive issue), please send him a letter by post as we cannot guarantee that email communications will always be completely secure.
SECTION 2 COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA WHEN VISITING OUR WEBSITE
(1) In the case of mere informational use of the website, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise transmit information to us, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you wish to view our website, we collect the following data, which is technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to ensure stability and security:
IP address
Date and time of the request
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (specific page)
Access status/HTTP status code
Amount of data transferred in each case
Website from which the request comes
Browser
Operating system and its interface
Language and version of the browser software.
(2) We process this above-mentioned personal data for the technical provision and stability of our website on the following legal basis:
For the technical provision of our website pursuant to Section 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG, as the processing of the above-mentioned data is absolutely necessary to enable us to use our website as you expressly requested, or
to protect our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO, in order to provide you with the website in a technical and secure manner.
(3) In the event that you visit our website for the purpose of receiving information about our products and services, please refer to the Nect Wallet privacy policy for more details.
(4) This data is stored for 90 days and then automatically deleted.
SECTION 3 CONTACT FORMS
(1) In case of inquiries, we offer you the possibility to contact us via forms provided on the website. In the area of our identification solutions, you can use this contact form:
Nect | Support
. When exercising your data subject rights according to the GDPR, we provide you with this contact form:
Nect | Privacy Concern
.
(2) The data processing is carried out for the purpose of communicating with you, answering your inquiry or for the targeted processing of a submitted request in accordance with Art. 15 to 22 GDPR. If the contact is directed towards the conclusion or execution of a contract or for the execution of pre-contractual measures, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b) GDPR. In the case of personal data provided for the exercise of your data subject rights, the legal basis results from Art. 6 (1) lit. c) GDPR, since we are legally obligated to respond to your inquiry as the responsible party within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR. In addition, we process your data on the basis of our legitimate interest to get in touch with inquiring persons quickly and easily or to ensure a service-oriented response to your inquiries. The legal basis for this is then Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
(3) If you enter your data in the "Sales inquiry" contact form
Nect | Get in touch
, the data you enter will only be transmitted if you agree to our data privacy statement by clearly checking the box labeled "I have read and understood the Nect
data protection declaration
" in the form and submit the form by clicking the "Submit" button. By agreeing to our Privacy Policy, you consent to the transfer of your data to server locations of
Salesforce.com
Germany GmbH, Erika-Mann-Str. 31, 80636 Munich in Europe (Frankfurt am Main, Germany as main server location and Paris, France for backup) (hereinafter "Salesforce").
We use Salesforce to manage customer data for sales inquiries. The provider is Salesforce Germany GmbH, and the headquarter of
Salesforce.com
Inc. is located at 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor,
San Francisco, CA 94105. The web-based contact form "Sales Inquiry", which is built into our website, is linked to Salesforce.
We have entered into a commissioned processing agreement with Salesforce pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR. Through this agreement, Salesforce assures that you process the data in accordance with the GDPR and ensure the protection of the rights of the data subject. Salesforce has Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) that have been approved by the French data protection authority. These are binding corporate rules that legitimize corporate data transfers to third countries outside the EU and EEA. Details can be found here:
Salesforce Homepage
. Salesforce is subject to the EU-US Privacy Shield, has been awarded the TRUSTe Privacy Seal, and limits access data to that permitted by law. In addition, Salesforce is certified by trusted security standards, including PCI-DSS, SOC2, ISO 27001.
For more information on privacy related to Salesforce, please see Salesforce's Privacy Policy:
Privacy Policy
.
The legal basis for the use of Salesforce is in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR due to our legitimate interest in optimizing our sales activities and processing customer inquiries.
(4) The personal data collected by us for the use of the contact forms will be deleted immediately and to the full legally prescribed extent after completion of the request made by you or after termination of our contractual or business relationship.
Furthermore, insofar as there are no legal obligations to retain data, in particular from commercial or tax law regulations (as a rule, this is two to 10 years), we also delete your personal data for the preservation of evidence in accordance with civil law limitation periods pursuant to §§ 195 ff. BGB (German Civil Code) after three years and in exceptional cases after 30 years.
SECTION 4 COOKIES, PLUG-INS, WEB TRACKING
(1) Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the site visitor's Internet browser. Insofar as we require your consent for the use of cookies, we will only use these cookies if you have given us your consent beforehand. The legal basis for the consent is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR and § 25 para. 1 TTDSG.
(2) To enable the use of our website, the use of technical-functional cookies is necessary. These necessary cookies enable, for example, page navigation. The cookies required for the use of the website cannot be deactivated. However, you have the option of preventing cookies from being stored on your computer by making the appropriate settings in your browser. We point out that without these cookies, the website may not function properly.
(3) We do not use cookies or web tracking with the aim of understanding or tracking your behavior when visiting our website. Any data we store on the user's device is used solely for technical-functional purposes, transmitted only within our own systems, and is never used to monitor the behavior of our users.
(4) We use links to share information on social networks and media. However, no plug-ins are used for this purpose or content from third-party providers is integrated. As long as you do not click on the link of a social network to share content there, no data is sent to the respective networks. As soon as you click on a link, you will be directed to a website of the respective social network. You will then receive further information and notes on data protection below under the link according to § 5 (2) of this data protection declaration.
SECTION 5 NFORMATION ON SOCIAL MEDIA
(1) We are represented on several social media platforms with our own company page. The following platforms are used by us, among others: LinkedIn, Twitter or Instagram.
(2) Through this, we would like to offer further opportunities for information and communication. You can therefore obtain further information here:
Nect | Data protection / privacy notes for Facebook, Instagram and others
.
SECTION 6 PODCASTS
(1) We make podcasts available for listening via our website. The associated data processing for the provision of the podcasts is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. For this purpose, we use the following providers on our website: Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music, Deezer as well as Spotify.
(2) No data flows to these providers solely by calling up our website. Only when you click on the offer, the respective provider learns from which website you came. The further processing of this information is the sole responsibility of the providers. We have no influence on the data and data processing procedures collected from you by the providers, nor are we aware of the full extent of the data collection, the purposes of the processing or the storage periods.
(3) For more detailed information on data processing by the respective provider, please refer to the privacy statements of the providers.
Apple Podcast
Deezer
Amazon Music
Spotify
SECTION 7 VIDEOS
(1) We use the provider Vimeo for the integration of videos. Vimeo is operated by
Vimeo Interactive Video Experience Platform
, Inc. with headquarters at 330 West 34th Street, 5th Floor New York, New York 10011, USA.
(2) We use this offer within our online presence based on our legitimate interest. This legitimate interest consists of the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online presence. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. The storage of information in the terminal device or access to information already stored in the terminal device is also absolutely necessary so that we can provide a video that you have expressly requested. The legal basis for this is Section 25 (2) No. 2 TTDSG.
(3) The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Vimeo, as well as your rights in this regard and setting options for protecting your privacy and notes on data protection by Vimeo can be found here:
Privacy Policy on Vimeo
.
SECTION 8 PROVISION OF FREE INFORMATION OR EVENTS
(1) If we provide you with free information and knowledge content as part of online events such as recorded or live webinars or via an online form, we require your personal data in order to provide you with our offer. If you do not provide us with this data, then participation in the webinar, for example, will not be possible. To be able to conduct webinars via the Internet, we rely on the solution of Vimeo (Vimeo Interactive Video Experience Platform, Inc., 330 West 34th Street, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10001, USA
privacy@vimeo.com
).
(2) By requesting and using free content, you expressly consent to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes and to the use of such data for contacting you by Nect by e-mail or telephone.
(3)
The following of your data will be collected
: Depending on the request, first and last name, company name, telephone number, e-mail address.
Furthermore, the following analyses about viewer activities of individual participants are displayed to us as host via Vimeo: Watch Time, questions asked in the Q&A session, and responses to surveys within the webinar. Furthermore, Vimeo provides us as host with analyses of the overall audience, e.g. viewer numbers, without drawing conclusions about individual participants.
After a webinar, you will automatically receive the recording link to the webinar from Vimeo by e-mail.
(4)
Your data will be processed for the following purposes
: Providing free information, participating in and conducting free online events such as webinars, relationship or customer maintenance or support and / or marketing.
(5)
Legal basis(s)
:
In the event of the conclusion of a contract, the legal basis is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR.
Furthermore, in the case of free webinars, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
Furthermore, it results from your explicit declaration of consent that we can contact you electronically for marketing activities (advertising).
(6)
Storage period
: We store your personal data as long as it is necessary for the fulfillment of our legal obligations, but for a maximum of two years or as long as the consent has not been objected to.
(7)
Your rights
: We will be happy to provide you with information on whether personal data relating to you is being processed; if this is the case, you have a right to information on this personal data and to the information listed in detail in Art. 15 GDPR. In addition, you have the right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR), the right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR), the right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR) and the right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR) under the respective legal conditions.
Pursuant to Art. 21 (1) GDPR, you have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you which is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (data processing for the purposes of safeguarding a legitimate interest).
You may object to the use of your data for marketing activities using electronic mail at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the prime rates.
In the event of your objection, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. You can revoke your consent to the processing of personal data at any time. Please note that the revocation is only effective for the future.
Without prejudice to these rights and the possibility of exercising any other administrative or judicial remedy, you may at any time exercise your right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or the place of the alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes data protection law (Article 77 GDPR).
(8) For the implementation of online events such as webinars, we work together with the video platform Vimeo. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Vimeo, as well as your rights in this regard and setting options for protecting your privacy and notes on data protection by Vimeo can be found here:
Privacy Policy on Vimeo
.
SECTION 9 TOOL FOR MARKETING ACTIVITIES
We use the tool "Perspective" for our marketing activities in the context of funnel development and the delivery of free content. Perspective is a web-based software for the creation of so-called marketing funnels (e.g. interactive websites) with the aim of offering you free content for download. Further information on data processing by Perspective can be found here:
Data Protection/Privacy notes for Perspective
SECTION 10 JOB APPLICATIONS
If you submit an application to us via our website, we process your personal data in the following way:
Nect | Data protection / privacy declaration for our online job application process
.
SECTION 11 DATA TRANSFER
To the extent that personal data is transferred to a country that is neither a member state of the European Union nor a state party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area (third country) in accordance with this Privacy Policy, this will be done, to the extent possible, on the basis of adequacy decisions of the EU Commission or using standard data protection clauses. When using standard data protection clauses, we aim to implement additional measures to protect your data where necessary.
SECTION 12 YOUR RIGHTS
(1) You have the following rights vis-à-vis us regarding the personal data concerning you:
Right to information,
Right to rectification or deletion,
Right to restriction of processing,
Right to data portability.
(2) If we process your data to protect legitimate interests, you may object to this processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. We will then no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
(3) You also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about the processing of your personal data by us. For this purpose, you can contact the supervisory authority at our registered office. You can find the address under the following link on the Internet:
Addresses and Links
.
SECTION 13 WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT TO PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA
Should you have given your consent to processing of your data, then you can also withdraw it at any time without giving any reason, effective for the future. Withdrawing your consent will mean that we are no longer permitted to process your personal data after you have informed us of this withdrawal. You can use the following contact details to inform us regarding your withdrawal of consent: Nect GmbH, Großer Burstah 21, 20457 Hamburg, Germany or
privacy@nect.com
. See also our legal notice.
SECTION 14 DATA SECURITY
(1) Within the website visit, we use the widespread SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in connection with the highest encryption level supported by your browser. As a rule, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we use 128-bit v3 technology instead. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is encrypted by the closed key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser.
(2) In addition, we use appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
SECTION 15 CURRENTNESS
This data protection/ privacy declaration is current and valid in the version of October 2023. Further development of our website and offerings in connection with it or changes in legal or official requirements may make it necessary to amend this data protection/ privacy declaration. To view and print off the relevant current data protection/ privacy declaration at any time, please go to our website
Nect | Data protection / privacy notes for users of the Nect Wallet
.
Current as of: March 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://nect.com/en/privacy-policy/:
Listen now to our podcast "What's Nect?" with founder and CEO Benny Bennet Jürgens. Click here for the current episode.
Learn more
Data protection Website
Data protection / privacy notes for users of the Nect Wallet
Data subject rights
Data protection / privacy notes for users of the Nect Wallet / the Nect Ident process
With this data protection/ privacy notice, we inform you about how your personal data is processed by us and which rights data protection law grants you in this context. The Nect Wallet includes the Nect Ident and Nect Sign processes.
(I) Controller of data processing
The controller is:
Nect GmbH
Großer Burstah 21
20457 Hamburg, Germany
privacy@nect.com
(II) Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at:
Dr. Volkan Güngör
Nect GmbH
Großer Burstah 21
20457 Hamburg, Germany
Any questions or issues relating to your data should be addressed to
privacy@nect.com
.
Should you wish to contact our data protection officer directly (for example, because you have a particularly sensitive issue), please send him a letter by post as we cannot guarantee that email communications will always be completely secure.
(III) Data processing and origin
For the initial and secure establishment of identity, your personal data must first be collected. However, not all of the previously collected data will be transferred to our partner companies. For information on the individual types of data, please refer to section III. 1. and for information on the recipients of your personal data, please refer to section V.
For some users, a redirect to our landing page (under the URL
jump.nect.com
or
jump.nect.app
takes place prior to the start of the identity verification process. This landing page serves to transfer the user from a website to our app ("Nect Wallet"). There, the user can enter his mobile phone number and then receive an SMS from us with the link to the respective app store (where the app "Nect Wallet" is available for download) and / or call the app ("Universal Link"). The link can also be obtained directly by scanning the QR code on the landing page. Certain procedures (e.g. qualified electronic signature) also provide for processing of the user's e-mail address. If a usage contract is concluded between the user and us in the course of the identification procedure, the stored mobile phone number and/or e-mail address will be used as a means of communication for the duration of the contract (in particular in the case of detected fraud attempts using the identity of the user). The processing of the means of communication follows on the basis of the consent given according to Art. 6 para.1 lit. a) GDPR.
1. Use of the digital optical control of the identity document
We process the personal data that we receive from our users in the course of operating the "Nect Wallet" app or performing the optical control of identification documents. For this purpose, the user records, among other things, a video of his identity document and his face. The personal data processed by us in this context consist of
Surname and first name(s),
date of birth,
place of birth,
residential address,
a picture/video copy of the federal identity card or passport (front and back) with the information contained on the identity document,
a picture/video sequence of the user together with a measurement file (biometric data)
an audio sequence of the user together with the measurement file (biometric data)
Result of the evaluation of the data
an individual identification number assigned to the participant - identification number
an individual identification number assigned to the transaction - transaction number (UUID)
masked IP address
device identifier and other device data of the mobile device
in case of forwarding by partner: source of forwarding (e.g. URL of the web portal) and, if applicable, a return destination (e.g. URL of the web portal)
in the case of verification of the health insurance card (e.g. electronic health card / eGK): an image/video copy of the card (front and back) with the data contained on the card, and regularly the card's identification number (ICCSN) before the start of verification,
in case of driver's license verification: a picture/video copy of the driver's license (front and back) with the data contained on the driver's license
in case of electronic signature: the document to be signed
as well as other data comparable to the aforementioned categories and serving to securely establish identity.
To fulfill the Know your Customer (KYC) principle, we collect KYC-relevant data (e.g., residential address and location) in the further course of personal identification by means of manual entry by the user. The processing of KYC-relevant data follows on the basis of the consent given in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Beyond the consent given, we process KYC-relevant data if it is necessary to protect our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties (e.g. insurance companies) in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR and if your interests are not overriding. Our legitimate interest in using KYC-relevant data is, for example, to be able to uncover criminal or fraudulent activities against you or third parties, e.g. in the area of money laundering. The data retrieval only covers limited and necessary information. Appropriate safeguards are in place to limit any disproportionate and inappropriate consequences for the data subjects.
2. Use of the online ID function of the German ID card
In the event of an identity verification via the online ID function of the German identity card (eID), the same personal data listed under point III. 1. of our data protection notice - with the exception of the user's audio/video sequence ("selfie") but including your biometric image and video data of the ID document - are processed.
(IV) Processing purposes and legal basis
Personal data is processed by us in compliance with the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) on the following legal basis:
1. Based on your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. (a), 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR)
If you are over 16 years of age and have consented to certain processing of your personal data (e.g., the collection and processing of biometric data), the lawful processing of your personal data is based on this consent.
Without your biometric data, the Nect Ident procedure cannot be carried out. You can withdraw a granted consent at any time without stating a reason with effect for the future. This also applies to declarations of consent that you gave us before the GDPR came into force, i.e. before May 25, 2018. Since the revocation of consent applies to the future, it does not affect the validity of the processing until the time of revocation. Please note that according to section 13 of our General Terms and Conditions of Business (GTCB), any withdrawal will result in the termination of the user contract.
Your consent for data processing by partner service providers used by us is required if they are not acting as processors within the meaning of Art. 28 GDPR.
2. For the fulfillment of a contract (Article 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR)
Personal data will be processed to perform the app functions. The above-mentioned data categories will thus be collected and processed within the scope of performing the contract.
Exception
: In contrast to this, processing of the user’s biometric data (e.g. photograph) will be based on Item 1 (consent).
Insofar as we carry out verifications of health insurance cards for health insurance companies, then the card number (ICCSN) must be entered before registration can begin. This data is collected within the scope of steps taken prior to a contract at the user’s request.
3. Statutory or legal requirements (Article 6 (1) (c) GDPR) or for reasons of public interest (Article 6 (1) (e) GDPR).
Over and above this, in individual cases we as company are subject to statutory obligations (e.g. money laundering, telecommunications or tax legislation). These include, among others, verification of identity and age; prevention of fraud and money laundering; compliance with tax-law monitoring and reporting obligations and the assessment and steering of risks within the company.
In addition to this, in order to affirm the identity of the person to be identified we, as identification service providers, are obliged by law to ask certain security questions on behalf of our partner companies (providers of trust services) such as age, identity document number or the contract ID number. The legal basis for this is Art. 24 Para. 1 Subpara. 2 (d) Sentence 1 Regulation (EU) No. 910/2014 (eIDAS regulation) in conjunction with Art. 11, 8 German Trust Services Act (VDG).
4. Within the scope of the weighing of interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR)
Beyond the actual fulfillment of the contract with you, we process your data if it is necessary to protect our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties and, if your interests do not prevail.
Our legitimate interest in using your personal data could, for example, be to combat corruption or economic crime as well as, in particular, to uncover criminal or fraudulent activities aimed at you or third parties, for example in the field of money laundering. Such processing is not least carried out because Recital 47 of the GDPR specifically recognises prevention of fraud as a legitimate interest which is particularly worthy of protection by stating that processing of personal data to the extent absolutely necessary to prevent fraud also represents a legitimate interest on the part of the relevant data controller. Since our partners (e.g. credit institutes) are obliged by law to set up corresponding security systems and we work for these partners, such prevention measures correspondingly apply to us.
Our interest in processing is legitimate because processing of the data only applies to restricted and necessary information. Appropriate protective measures have been implemented to restrict all disproportionate and improper consequences for data subjects.
Personal data collected for the purpose of safeguarding legitimate interests will be kept for as long as necessary to fulfill these purposes. More information about our legitimate interests can be obtained below under point VI. or by contacting us.
(V) Data recipients
1. Partner companies
The data collected by the app will not be transmitted to third parties. An exception to this is if you were forwarded to our app via a partner – e.g. via insurance companies, telecommunications companies, banks or statutory health insurance companies. In such cases, we will ask you to give your explicit consent in the app that we may forward your data electronically to the partner. The partner receives personal data exclusively in each case only to the minimum extent legally or functionally required.
Thus, in the case of age verification, we regularly forward only the information whether you have reached a certain age limit, for example:
The person is over 18 years of age. 
It is, however, not generally necessary to forward the following data, for example if verification of identity is being used to prevent a disclosure of secrets as defined by Art. 203 German Criminal Code (StGB):
Surname,
First name,
Address,
Information whether or not there is an address sticker,
Date and place of birth
(Partial) outcome of verification
This ensures that, for example, your biometric video data or copies of the identification document are not transmitted to statutory health insurance companies.
Statutory requirements may make it necessary for us to transmit further data to the partner. For example, if the result of our identity verification service is needed to meet the requirements of the Money Laundering Act or the Telecommunications legislation, the following additional data will be transmitted:
Photocopy of the identity document in compliance with data protection and identity card law requirements
Copy of the selfie recording
The purpose of processing your personal data is to confirm your identity to our partner company, such as a health insurance company. The legal basis is their declaration of consent (Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR) and the user agreement (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR).
For purpose fulfillment, especially the operation of our IT infrastructure, we also use service providers who ensure a smooth operation (e.g. hosting, managed services). However, these are used exclusively as processors in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR and are contractually obligated accordingly. There is no processing of personal data in third countries.
If we receive your data from your contractual partner for the purpose of order fulfillment within the scope of a digital signature (e.g. electronic signing of a contractual document in accordance with the eIDAS Regulation), we are exceptionally a processor in this respect within the meaning of Art. 28 GDPR. This means that we perform all data processing exclusively on behalf of and in accordance with the strict instructions of your responsible contractual partner. In this regard, we would like to refer you to clauses 5 and 6 of our GTCB (Nect Sign procedure).
In the event of a successful signature process, the document is stored in your Nect Wallet, with the consequence that your contractual partner (e.g., an insurance company) is no longer responsible for this data processing. Rather, in the course of the data storage in your Nect Wallet, we (again) become the responsible party pursuant to Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR, since you had confirmed your previous personal identification (Nect Ident) with your previously granted declaration of consent (see IV. 1 of this Privacy Notice) as well as consent to our GTCB (see section 3 of our GTCB). Nonetheless, the signed document is transmitted to all parties involved and remains the responsibility of the respective recipient there.
Nect is also obliged by or in order to comply with the German Trust Services Act (VDG) to transmit the data mentioned under point V. to the cooperating companies (trust service providers) known to the customer if the purpose of identification is a qualified electronic signature.
2. Integration partners
A further possible reason for forwarding the personal data stated in Item V. 1. above to third parties may, in exceptional cases, be forwarding of verification of your identity using an integration partner (e.g. a distributor) of ours or of the partner (e.g. the insurer) or of the partner’s customer (e.g. IT service provider). In such cases the integration partner will only be forwarded a report that verification was successful. The partner will process the forwarded data to comply with statutory and/or supervisory regulations which apply to them (e.g. money laundering legislation) and to comply with their rights and obligations arising from the contractual relationship between the partner and yourself.
In each case, processing of your personal data is carried out on the following legal basis:
Based on your consent to data processing as per Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. (a) GDPR
To perform a contract as per Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. (b) GDPR
To comply with a legal obligation to which the partner is subject as per Art. 6 Para. 1 (c) GDPR
Within the scope of the relevant contractual relationship with our corresponding service provider
partner as per Art. 28 GDPR.
3. Contract processors
We, as the company Nect, make use of contract processors for specific personal data-related processing flows. This includes, for example, using service providers to send out automated email messages within the scope of the Nect Sign procedure. In accordance with Art. 28 GDPR corresponding contract processing agreements are concluded with such service providers. These service providers thus only process personal data after receiving specific instructions and are contractually obliged to implement appropriate data protection-related technical and organisational measures.
VI. Duration of archiving of personal data
We use links to share information (e.g. advertising) from your contractual partners and / or our partner companies (e.g. from an insurance company). For this purpose, no plug-ins are used or content from these partner companies is included. As long as you do not click on the link of the partner company to share content there, no data is sent to the respective partner companies. As soon as you click on a link, you will be directed to a website of the respective partner company.
In doing so, we only and exclusively process your IP address.
If you have given us your consent, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
Furthermore, the data processing is carried out to protect our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest of both us and our partner companies is the economic interest and thus the freedom of action as well as trade in the preparation, optimization and / or implementation of promotional measures and / or target group-oriented advertising in order to continuously improve the quality of products and / or services.
Further information and notes on data protection can be found in the respective data protection declarations of these partner companies.
VII. Data subject rights
You may exercise the following rights:
Under the terms of Article 7 GDPR consent which has been given may be withdrawn at any time and without giving reasons. Withdrawal of consent will be effective for the future, whereby the lawfulness of data processing which has been carried out prior to withdrawal of consent will remain unaffected by the withdrawal.
Under the terms of Article 15 GDPR all data subjects have a right to information. You can, in particular, demand information about the purposes of processing.In accordance with Article 16 GDPR data subjects may demand the rectification of inaccurate personal data.
In accordance with Art. 17 GDPR data subjects have a right to erasure, insofar as processing of the data is not necessary to exercise the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; for reasons of public interest; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, respectively
In accordance with Article 18 a right to restriction of processing insofar as, for example, you contest the accuracy of the data or processing is unlawful.
In accordance with Article 20 GDPR all data subjects have a right to data portability.
Insofar as personal data was, for example, processed on the basis of legitimate interests as per Article 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR, data subjects can also object to processing of their personal data under the conditions of Article 21 GDPR.
In the case of the right to information (Article 15 GDPR) and the right to erasure (Article 17 GDPR), Sect. 34 and 35 German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) will also apply.
To exercise these rights contact the following entity:
Nect GmbH
Grosser Burstah 21
20457 Hamburg, Germany
https://nect.com/privacy-request
Over and above this, in accordance with Article 77 GDPR in conjunction with Art. 19 BDSG, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority. To do so, please contact the supervisory authority responsible for our domicile. The address can be found on the Internet under the following link:
Anschriften und Links - Anschriften und Links
VIII. Obligation to make personal data available
You are not obliged to make your personal data available. Should you choose not to make your personal data available, we may, in certain circumstances, not be able to make the app features based on such data available.
IX. Automated decision-making
The Nect Ident procedure compares recognition and identity data to verify your identity before informing you of the outcome of the verification. This outcome may, where applicable, lead to automated decision-making by the partner as defined by Section 2 (a) of our GTCB, namely in cases in which you, as a user of the partner’s web presence (e.g. an insurance or telecommunications company), were forwarded to our app for identification purposes. Following verification of identity, the partner will (as per your consent) be informed of the outcome so that they can make an automated decision based on the outcome – for example whether to conclude an insurance or pre-paid contract with you or to whether to grant you access to the customer portal. In individual cases human intervention in the identity verification process is envisaged.
With regard to the above-mentioned automated decision-making and in accordance with Art. 22 Para. 3 GDPR, you have the right to human intervention on the part of the controller; to express your point of view and to contest the decision. These rights must be asserted against the partner.
X. Profiling
Your data will not be automatically processed to evaluate specific personal aspects (profiling). Only a comparison of your recognition and identity data will take place.
XI. Use of Google ML Kit
The Nect Wallet uses Google ML Kit (both Android and iOS). In this context, all data processing takes place on your device; no image, audio or video files are transmitted to Google. Only the following data is generated when using Google ML Kit:
Device information (such as manufacturer, model, operating system version) and accessible hardware accelerators for ML (GPU and DSP).
App information (package name / bundle ID, app version)
ML Kit configuration information (such as the image resolution and format used).
Event types (such as “initialised”, “update”, “execution”).
Error codes
Performance information
Anonymous, installation-specific IDs which cannot be assigned to a person or device.
The address of the network request sender. The IP address will be temporarily stored.
This data is used for (configuration) diagnosis and use analysis.
The collection and forwarding of this data is based on your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR and on a weighing of interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR.
We have also agreed to standard data protection clauses of the European Commission with Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. For more information, please see Google's privacy policy:
Data Practices & Transparency - Google Safety Center
Rahmenbedingungen für Datenübermittlungen – Datenschutzerklärung & Nutzungsbedingungen – Google
XII. Information regarding your right to object as per Article 21 GDPR
1. Individual case-related right to object
You have the right to object to processing of your personal data which is carried out on the basis of Article 6 Para. 1 (e) (data processing in the public interest) or (f) (data processing on the basis of weighing up of interests) at any time on grounds relating to your personal situation; this also applies for profiling which is based on one of these provisions.
Should you object, then we will no longer process your personal data. Exceptions only apply if we can prove compelling legitimate grounds for processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
2. Recipient of an objection
Objections may be made without any formal conditions being required and with the subject heading “Objection”, stating your name, address and date of birth and should be addressed to:
Nect GmbH
Grosser Burstah 21
20457 Hamburg, Germany
privacy@nect.com
XIII. Data security
In addition to this, we use appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation; partial or full loss; destruction or the unauthorized access of third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
XIII. Currentness
These data protection/ privacy notes are currently valid. Further development of our app and its offerings or amendments to statutory or official specifications may make it necessary to amend these data protection/ privacy notes. To view or print off the relevant current data protection/ privacy declaration at any time, please go to our website Nect | Home .
Current as of: September 2023
Sub-policy 1
https://nect.com/en/privacy-concern/:
Listen now to our podcast "What's Nect?"
with founder and CEO Benny Bennet Jürgens. Click here for the current episode.
Learn more
Worried about your rights?
Subject rights as per ART. 15, ART. 16 and ART. 17 GDPR
Under the terms of Article 15 GDPR all data subjects have a right to information. As per Article 16 GDPR data subjects may demand the rectification of inaccurate personal data. In accordance with Article 17 GDPR data subjects have a right to erasure respectively as per Article 18 a right to restriction of processing. The rights to information and to erasure are also supplemented by Art. 34 and 35 German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG Article 15 GDPR all data subjects have a right to information.
This form or the contact details given below can be used to exercise your rights.
Note: In the event you have no access to the app (e.g. because the app has already been uninstalled) or to ID card identification (e.g. because the identity document has been lost), then please use the contact options listed below to exercise your data subject rights.
Worried about your rights?
Subject rights as per ART. 15, ART. 16 and ART. 17 GDPR
Under the terms of Article 15 GDPR all data subjects have a right to information. As per Article 16 GDPR data subjects may demand the rectification of inaccurate personal data. In accordance with Article 17 GDPR data subjects have a right to erasure respectively as per Article 18 a right to restriction of processing. The rights to information and to erasure are also supplemented by Art. 34 and 35 German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG Article 15 GDPR all data subjects have a right to information.
This form or the contact details given below can be used to exercise your rights.
Note: In the event you have no access to the app (e.g. because the app has already been uninstalled) or to ID card identification (e.g. because the identity document has been lost), then please use the contact options listed below to exercise your data subject rights.
First name
*
Last name
*
Date of birth
*
Email address
*
ID card number
ID card number
The ID Card number is a nine-digit sequence of numbers and letters that you can find here:
For passports, the number is also located in the top right-hand corner, on the page of the document containing your passport photo.
Or
Nect Case ID
Nect Case ID
The Case ID is a eight-digit sequence of numbers and letters which you can find here within the Nect Wallet:
Type of your request
*
Information (Art. 15 DS-GVO)
Rectification (Art. 16 DS-GVO)
Erasure (Art. 17 DS-GVO)
If Rectification selected: Explanation
Please solve the following task as a security question:
6 - 5
*
The above contact form can be used to send us your enquiry. Our provider will forward your data to us by email and, after it has been answered, it will be deleted without delay unless we are subject to any statutory archiving obligations. Your data will not be used for any other purpose or forwarded to third parties. You may withdraw your consent to data gathering and use at any time by sending us an email. Should you withdraw your consent, then your data will be erased without delay. For further information please see our data protection declaration.
Send
Rights concerned according to ART. 20, ART. 21 and ART. 77 DS-GVO.
Similarly, the data subject may object to the processing of personal data concerning him or her under the conditions laid down in Article 21 of the DS Block Exemption Regulation. Under Article 20 of the DS-BER, the data subject has a right to data transferability.
Due to the increased verification effort, the assertion of these rights is only possible in written form with signature via the following contact options:
Contact
Nect GmbH
Großer Burstah 21
20457 Hamburg
Germany
In addition, you have a right of appeal to the competent data protection supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 DS-GVO in conjunction with Section 19 BDSG. You can contact the supervisory authority at our company headquarters for this purpose. You can find the address on the Internet under the following link. A given consent can be revoked at any time.
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html
Sub-policy 2
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/:
Skip to content
See Privacy Statement
How we protect our Customer’s data as a Processor
Our cloud services are designed to help customers comply with privacy laws around the world. Discover more about our commitment to protecting customer data as a processor.
Global Privacy Resources for Salesforce Products
Data Processing Addendum
Data Processing Addendum FAQ
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Salesforce's Notice of Data Privacy Framework Certification
Trust and Compliance Documentation
Salesforce Audience Studio Privacy Policy
Salesforce's Notice of APEC CBPR and PRP Certifications
Salesforce's EU Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce's UK Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce Group Affiliates for UK Binding Corporate Rules for Processors
How we protect data as a Controller
We continuously monitor the global privacy landscape and adapt our privacy program accordingly. Discover more about our commitment to compliance with global privacy laws as a controller
Salesforce Candidate Privacy Statement
Salesforce Apps, Add-ins and Extensions Privacy Statement
Contact Information
To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, or email us at
privacy@salesforce.com.
For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below.
Learn more
Important Information
Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices.
Responsible Salesforce Entity
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities act as the controllers of your Personal Data and are responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers. A reference to “Salesforce,” “we,” “us” or the “Company” is a reference to Salesforce, Inc. and its affiliates involved in the processing activity. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here. Please see the "Contacting us" section, below, for our contact information and details of our Data Protection Officer (and in India, our Grievance Officer).
Purposes for which we process Personal Data
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide our websites and social media branded pages;
to display personalized advertisements and content;
to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees);
to send communications;
to handle contact and user support requests;
to provide and optimize the performance of our services;
to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance);
to administer surveys and conduct research; and
to comply with our legal obligations.
For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement.
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data.
Who do we share Personal Data with
We may share Personal Data with various parties, including:
Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;
Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;
If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies;
Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;
Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;
Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; and
Professional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information.
International transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your  country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Your rights relating to Personal Data
You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement.
Contacting us
To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at tel:1-855-938-3410 or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer)
415 Mission St., 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the
following website
.
Situations
Categories of Personal Data
If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us
Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share
If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar
Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information
If you attend an event
Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video
If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification
Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests
If you interact with our websites or emails
Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies
If you use and interact with our products and services
Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below)
If you communicate with us via a phone call
Information such as your name, voice and any other Personal Data voluntarily share
If you visit our offices
Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research
Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it
If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider)
Contact information, payment and billing information
If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you.
Provision of the services:
The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.
In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.
Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources:
Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and
Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements.
Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises.
Type of Cookies
Description
Managing Settings
Required cookies
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests.
Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often.
We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements.
Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it.
We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click
here
.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
.
Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them.
We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites.
Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request.
We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties.
For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the
Tableau Cookie Policy
and the
Slack Cookie Policy
.
4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors
As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
.
To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
. Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser
In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click
here
). To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites.
While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
4.5 Social Media Features
Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
4.6 Telephony log information
If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers).
Purpose
Description
Legal basis
Providing our websites (including our social media pages)
We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request
Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information
Improving our websites
We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites
Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors
Promoting the security of our websites
We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others
Displaying personalized advertisements and content
We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent
Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalized advertising purposes
Registering visitors
We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons
Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access
Managing event registrations and attendance
Managing event registrations and attendance
We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you
Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons
Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent
Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees
We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees
Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health
Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises
We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises
Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises
Sending communications
We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners
Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes)
Recording phone calls
We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes
If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded
Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users
Handling contact and user support requests
We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you
Providing our services
We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services
Developing and optimizing the performance of the services
We process your Personal Data to
develop, optimize, and improve
the performance of the services
Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject
Providing personalized interactions
We process your Personal Data to customize our interactions with you
Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers
Managing our customer and user accounts
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts
Managing usage and licensing compliance
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers
Preparing internal reports and business modeling
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy)
Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations
Maintaining our security
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others
Managing compensation for employees
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission
Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees
Undertaking financial reporting
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting
Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances
Aggregating data
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying
Our legitimate interest in minimizing the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity
Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions
We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program.
In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer
Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data
Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion
Managing payments
If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Administering surveys and conducting research
We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyze our compliance with internal policies
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope)
Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development
We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members
Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures
Collecting diversity information
We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law)
Complying with legal obligations
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights
Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes
If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.
Requests Submitted
Requests Fulfilled in Whole Or In Part*
Average Days to Respond
Average Days to Complete a Request**
Requests for access to Personal Data
44
32
1
49
Requests to delete Personal Data
210
143
1
29
Requests to correct Personal Data
4
0
1
3
Objections to processing Personal Data
7
4
1
15
Requests to opt-out of Sharing
2,064
2,064
n/A
5
*Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests, the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response.
**Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested.  Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2023.
Contact us
Sub-policy 3
https://nect.com/en/data-protection/social-media/:
Listen now to our podcast "What's Nect?" with founder and CEO Benny Bennet Jürgens. Click here for the current episode.
Learn more
Data protection / privacy notes for Facebook, Instagram and others
Facebook and Instagram
Joint responsibilities
The responsible parties for our Facebook page and Instagram profile are us,
Nect GmbH (hereinafter Nect)
Grosser Burstah 21
20457 Hamburg, Germany
Email:
hello@nect.com
,
together with
Facebook Ireland Limited, (hereinafter Facebook)
4 Grand Canal Square
Grand Canal Harbour
Dublin 2, Eire
Facebook, Instagram and Nect are joint data controllers as defined by Art. 26 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Our data protection officer can be contacted at:
Nect GmbH
Grosser Burstah 21
20457 Hamburg, Germany
privacy@nect.com
,
We have concluded an agreement with Facebook regarding joint data protection law-related duties as specified by Art. 26 GDPR. This agreement, the so-called “Page Insights Controller Addendum”, can be viewed at:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Within the scope of this agreement Facebook accepts material obligations relating to so-called “Facebook Insights data” (hereinafter “Facebook Insights”), in particular as regards data subject information and the protection of data subject rights.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
Our data processing relating to our Facebook and Instagram presence is carried out as per Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR and on the basis of our legitimate interest in publicity work and communications.
Communications
We use Facebook and Instagram to present our company and our offering as well as to communicate with you. When doing so, we may communicate directly with you via Facebook to answer any enquiries you make via Facebook. Over and above this, we use Facebook and Instagram data to evaluate and improve the reach of our corporate communications. The data generated within the scope of this is erased as soon as its storage is no longer required or, if we have legal archiving obligations, its processing is restricted, both insofar as erasure or restriction of processing is possible. Communications via Facebook are potentially insecure. You can also use other means to contact us at any time.
Use of “Facebook Insights”
We use Facebook “Facebook Insights” functions on our Facebook and Instagram pages to obtain anonymised statistical data relating to use of, and visitors to, our Facebook and Instagram pages. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in publicity work and communications as per Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR and, in particular, optimisation of our Facebook and Instagram presences. We use “Facebook Insights” to obtain information relating to use of our Facebook and Instagram pages, in particular anonymised information relating to visitor profiles, including demographic and geographic evaluations. If you use Facebook or Instagram on more than one end device (e.g. via the browser and the app), Facebook Ltd. Will also compile these usage statistics across the multiple devices.
Data processing within the scope of “Facebook Insights” is carried out by Facebook on the basis of the agreement on joint responsibilities referred to in Item 1 above. All data provided to us by Facebook is anonymised. For more information on Facebook data processing within the scope of “Facebook Insights” visit:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
.
For general information on Facebook data processing visit:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/about/privacy/
and for Instagram visit:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
Cookies
Facebook also uses cookies and other comparable storage technologies in connection with our Facebook or Instagram page and use of “Facebook Insights”. For more information on this, see Facebook and Instagram cookie policies.
Transmitting of data to Facebook Inc.
Facebook may, within the scope of its data processing, forward personal data to Facebook Inc., which is headquartered in the USA. Insofar as personal data is forwarded to a country which is not a member state of the European Union or party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area (a ‘third country’) as per these data protection / privacy notes, this will, as far as possible, take place on the basis of EU Commission adequacy decisions or on the basis of appropriate guarantees or under the provisions of standard data protection clauses. When using standard data protection clauses we endeavour, as far as required and possible, to implement additional measures to protect your data.
Data subject rights
You have the right to object at any time on grounds relating to your personal situation (Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR) to processing of your personal data which is carried out on the basis of Article 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR.
As a registered Facebook user you can click here to select settings regarding the extent to which Facebook can collect data on your user behaviour when visiting Facebook and Instagram pages and as a registered Instagram user here. For further options to manage data processing by Facebook and Instagram, including an objection form visit:
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/367438723733209
Options are also provided under the general settings for Facebook and Instagram.
If the relevant legal requirements are met, you have the right to information as per Art. 15 GDPR; to rectification as per Art. 16 GDPR; to erasure as per Art. 17 GDPR; to restriction of processing as per Art. 18 GDPR; the right to object as per Art. 21 GDPR and the right to data portability as per Art. 20 GDPR.
You have the possibility to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority. The data protection authority which is responsible for us is the City of Hamburg Officer for Data Protection and Freedom of Information.
XING
New Work SE (Germany/EU) has fundamental sole responsibility for the processing of personal data when you visit our XING profile. For more information on processing of personal data by New Work SE see the data protection / privacy notes at:
https://privacy.xing.com/en/privacy-policy
TWITTER
Twitter Inc. (USA) has fundamental sole responsibility for the processing of personal data when you visit our Twitter profile. For more information on processing of personal data by Twitter Inc. visit:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
LINKEDIN
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (Ireland/EU – “LinkedIn”) has fundamental sole responsibility for the processing of personal data when you visit our LinkedIn page. For more information on processing of personal data by LinkedIn visit:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Please note that LinkedIn also processes personal data in the USA or other third countries as per LinkedIn data protection / privacy guidelines. When doing so, LinkedIn only transmits, as far as possible, personal data to countries on the basis of EU Commission adequacy decisions or on the basis of appropriate guarantees or under the provisions of standard data protection clauses. When using standard data protection clauses we endeavour, as far as required and possible, to implement additional measures to protect your data.
YouTube
Where applicable, our online presence includes embedded YouTube videos which are saved at
http://www.YouTube.com
and can be directly accessed from our website. In this context no YouTube plugins are used when you visit the YouTube platform from our website.
Please note that the YouTube platform is operated by YouTube LLC, headquartered at 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube is, in turn, represented by Google Inc., headquartered at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
All videos are embedded using the “enhanced data protection mode”. In other words, no personal data regarding you as the user will be transmitted to YouTube if you do not watch the videos. Data will only be transmitted if you watch the videos. We have no influence over the transmission of this data.
When you visit our website YouTube will receive the information that you have called up the corresponding Internet page in our online offering. Personal data will be forwarded. This will take place independent of whether you use a user account provided by YouTube and which you are logged onto or there is no user account. If you are logged on to Google your data will be directly assigned to your account. If you do not wish assignment using your YouTube profile you must log off your account before activating the button. YouTube will store your data as a usage profile and use this profile for advertising purposes, market research and/or the needs-based design of its website. Such evaluation is carried out in particular (also for users who are not logged on) to carry out needs-based advertising and to inform other social network users about your activities on our website.
You can object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact YouTube to do so.
Our use of this service within the scope our online presence is based on our legitimate interest. This legitimate interest applies to the analysis, optimisation and efficient operation of our online presence. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR.
For more information about the purpose and scope of data and its processing by YouTube visit:
https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy
Vimeo
We also use Vimeo services to embed videos. Vimeo is operated by Vimeo, LLC, headquartered at 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011.
Plugins
When doing so we use Vimeo plugins on our website. This means that if you retrieve an Internet page with a corresponding plugin when visiting our website, a connection will be created to Vimeo’s servers to show the plugin. Within the scope of this the Vimeo server will receive the information that you have visited our website. If, when doing this, you are logged on as a Vimeo member, Vimeo will assign this information to your personal user account. If you use the plugin, for example when clicking a video start button, this information will also be assigned to your user account. You can block this assignment by logging off from your Vimeo user account before using our Internet page and deleting the corresponding Vimeo cookies.
Further notes
Our use of this service within the scope of our online presence is based on our legitimate interest. This legitimate interest applies to the analysis, optimisation and efficient operation of our online presence. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR.
For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Vimeo as well as on your corresponding rights and settings options to protect your privacy as well as Vimeo notes on data protection/ privacy, please visit:
https://vimeo.com/privacy
In addition to this, when you retrieve the video Vimeo will use an iFrame to initiate the Google Analytics tracker. This tracking is a Vimeo procedure over which we have no control. You can prevent Google Analytics tracking by using the deactivation tool offered by Google for some Internet browsers. Over and above this, users can block the collection of data generated by Google Analytics and relating to their use of the website (incl. their IP address) by Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link. For information on this, please visit:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Current as of: June 2022
Sub-policy 4
https://vimeo.com/privacy/:
Solutions
Video marketing
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Event marketing
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Employee communication
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Video monetization
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Create
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Manage
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Grow
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
DEMO VIDEOS
Get to know everything Vimeo can do for your business.
Watch now
Resources
Learn
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Connect
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Best of the Year
Browse Videos
Staff Picks
Categories
Channels
On Demand
Pricing
Contact Sales
Log in
Join
Help
Pricing
Log in
Join
Settings
Language
Mature content filter
Watch
More
Vimeo OTT
On Demand
Stock
Vimeo Experts
For Hire
Referrals
Legal
Terms
Privacy
U.S. State Privacy
Copyright
Cookies
Log in
Join
Login
Solutions
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
Resources
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Pricing
Contact Sales
Search
Search
Upload
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Cookies
Desktop site
Language
English
Español
Deutsch
Français
日本語
Português
한국어
FAQ
Help
TM + © 2025 Vimeo.com, Inc.
Sub-policy 5
https://nect.com/en/data-protection/perspective/:
Listen now to our podcast "What's Nect?" with founder and CEO Benny Bennet Jürgens. Click here for the current episode.
Learn more
Data Protection / Privacy notes for Perspective
A. Provision of the online offer
We use an external service provider for the provision of our online offer: Perspective Software GmbH, Mailbox 659770, D-96035 Bamberg (hereinafter referred to as "Perspective"). Perspective is a processor and we have concluded a data processing agreement with Perspective in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. Perspective itself stores your data exclusively on European servers. However, there is a possibility that your data may be accessible to facilities in the United States of America, as Perspective uses subcontractors based in the USA. As the Commission of the European Union has determined that the data protection laws of the United States do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from data subjects in the European Union, Perspective provides additional measures and safeguards for data transfers to the United States in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR to ensure an adequate level of protection. This includes, for example, the conclusion of standard contractual clauses between Perspective and its subcontractors.
I. Data Protection Officer
We process your data so that we can make our online services available to you. For this purpose, your IP address is automatically transmitted to us in order to transmit the content and functions of our online services to your browser or end device.
The following data may be collected:
Information about the browser type and version used
The operating system of your computer
The internet service provider you use
The IP address of your device
The date and time you accessed the funnel
Websites from which you came to our website ("referrer")
II. Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for data processing is therefore Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 letter f) GDPR.
III. Purpose of data processing
The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable the website to be delivered to your computer. For this purpose, the IP address of your computer must remain stored for the duration of the session. The storage in log files is carried out to ensure:
a smooth connection to the website,
the convenient use of our website
the evaluation of system security and stability and
for other administrative purposes.
These purposes also constitute our legitimate interest in data processing in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 letter f) GDPR.
IV. Duration of processing
The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected:
In the case of the collection of data for the provision of the website, this is the case when the respective session has ended.
In the case of storage of the IP address in log files, this is the case after 7 days at the latest.
V. Rights of data subjects
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of your personal data which is based on point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR (Article 21(1) GDPR).
If the respective legal requirements are met, you have the right to information in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR, the right to rectification in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR, the right to erasure in accordance with Art. 17 GDPR, the right to restriction of processing in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR, the right to object in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR and the right to data portability in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR.
You have the option of lodging a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority. The data protection supervisory authority responsible for us is the Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information.
B. Inquiry management
We use an external service provider for the provision of online content via inquiry forms: Perspective Software GmbH, Mailbox 659770, D-96035 Bamberg (hereinafter referred to as "Perspective"). Perspective is a processor and we have concluded a data processing agreement with Perspective in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. Perspective itself stores your data exclusively on European servers. However, there is a possibility that your data may be accessible to facilities in the United States of America because Perspective uses subcontractors based in the USA. As the Commission of the European Union has determined that the data protection laws of the United States do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from data subjects in the European Union, Perspective provides additional measures and safeguards for data transfers to the United States in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR to ensure an adequate level of protection. This includes, for example, the conclusion of standard contractual clauses between Perspective and its subcontractors.
I. Description and scope of data processing
When using Perspective's request forms, the following data is transmitted to Perspective's servers:
Date and time of access
Websites from which you came to our website ("referrer")
Context information (e.g. button clicks on the pages, selections made on the pages)
Contents of all completed text fields (name, company name, e-mail address, telephone number)
Uploaded files
II. Legal basis for data processing
The processing of your data from inquiry forms is based on your consent. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 letter a) GDPR. If a contract is initiated via an inquiry form, the legal basis is also Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 letter b) GDPR. Otherwise, we process your data on the basis of our legitimate interest in contacting inquiring persons quickly and easily or to ensure a service-oriented response to your inquiries. The legal basis for this is then Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
III. Purpose of the data processing
‍‍The purpose of this data processing is to ensure the communication you have recorded.
IV. Duration of the processing
Your data will be stored for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose of processing or until you withdraw your consent. Exceptions to this principle are data that must be retained due to legal obligations. These include, for example, retention obligations under commercial and tax law. These retention periods can be up to ten years.
V. Rights of data subjects
If the processing of your data is based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of your personal data which is based on point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR (Article 21(1) GDPR).
If the respective legal requirements are met, you have the right of access under Art. 15 GDPR, the right to rectification under Art. 16 GDPR, the right to erasure under Art. 17 GDPR, the right to restriction of processing under Art. 18 GDPR, the right to object under Art. 21 GDPR and the right to data portability under Art. 20 GDPR.
You have the option of lodging a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority. The data protection supervisory authority responsible for us is the Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information.
Current as of: March 2024
Sub-policy 6
https://nect.com/en/data-protection/job-applications/:
Listen now to our podcast "What's Nect?" with founder and CEO Benny Bennet Jürgens. Click here for the current episode.
Learn more
Data protection / privacy declaration for our online job application process
This data protection/ privacy declaration supplements our existing general data protection/ privacy declaration, which provides specific information on how we process your personal data when you visit the website or in connection with non-job application related issues.
Responsibilities
Please see our legal notice for the data controller’s name and contact details.
Data Protection Officer
You can contact our external data protection officer in writing by postal mail at the following address. Please include the additional delivery information “Data Protection Officer” in the address:
https://nect.com/en/data-protection/
.
Contract processors
You can apply for vacant positions on line via our careers portal. The portal is operated by Kenjo GmbH (Urbanstrasse 71, 10967 Berlin, Germany; hereinafter: Kenjo) on our behalf. In accordance with Art. 28 GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we have concluded a contract processing agreement with Kenjo.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
We will process your personal data in compliance with the regulations of the GDPR and the German Data Protection Act (“BDSG”) insofar as this is required for the application process. The legal basis for this is Art. 88 GDPR in conjunction with Art. 26 BDSG regarding the initiation and performance of employment relationships.
In addition to this, we may process your personal data insofar as this is required to protect our legitimate interests or legitimate third-party interests and these interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and/or fundamental freedoms which require the protection of personal data. Legitimate interests may, in particular, be:
Defence against or exercising of legal claims against or by us or third parties arising from the application process
Ensuring of IT security and IT operations
Measures to ensure building and system security (such as access controls)
Use of external service providers who we have commissioned to process your personal data on our behalf
Personal data categories
We will only process data which is related to your application. This includes general personal data (form of address, first and surnames, address, date of birth, contact details, etc.); application data (cover letter, CV, enclosures, certificates and additional information provided by you); feedback information resulting from the application process and protocol data such IP address or the date and time when the application was submitted.
Use of the contact form is regulated by an opt-in procedure. In other words, we will transmit your application data insofar as you have confirmed that you have read the data protection/ privacy note.
We use cookies within the scope of the online application process. Cookies are text files which are stored on your Internet browser or installed on your end device by the Internet browser. These cookies contain characteristic strings which make it possible to explicitly identify your end device during use. We use technically necessary cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website may make it necessary for your end device to be identified when you change to another page. These elements serve, for example, to ensure that you, as a registered user, always remain logged on when accessing various sub-pages of our online presence and so do not have to re-enter your data every time you request a new page. Mandatory cookies on our website can only be used if you consent to this use. Mandatory cookies cannot therefore be individually deactivated or activated. You may, however, select a general deactivation option for cookies in your browser settings at any time. Cookies will be automatically erased when you close the browser.
Data sources
We process personal data which you have provided directly to us or via an HR consultant for the purpose of initiating or carrying out the application process.
Data recipients
Within our company we will only give your personal data to departments and individuals who require it to carry out the application process. Your personal data will be processed by Kenjo on our behalf on the basis of contract processing agreements as defined by Art. 28 GDPR. In such cases we will ensure that processing complies with GDPR regulations. Forwarding of data to recipients outside the company will otherwise only take place insofar as legal regulations allow or demand this; forwarding is required to deal with and thus carry out the application process; we have your consent; or we are authorised to provide information.
Data processing location
Data processing will only take place in countries in the European Union (EU). Should we transfer data to third countries - i.e. countries outside the European Union - then the transfer will be carried out exclusively in compliance with legally regulated conditions of admissibility. Conditions of admissibility are regulated by Art. 44-49 GDPR.
Duration of data storage
Data will be stored until the application process has been completed. Data will be erased at the latest after six months. In specific cases data may continue to be stored after a decision has been made regarding whether or not to establish the envisaged contractual relationship. This could, for example, be the case if there are indications that you will exercise claims against us. In such cases data will be stored for as long as processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. When doing so, the criteria for the duration of data storage may include statutory periods such as those specified by Art. 15 Para. 4 Clause 1 German General Equal Treatment Act (“AGG”); Art. 61b German Labour Courts Act (“ArbGG”); statutes of limitation or legal archiving obligations. Data may also be stored if this is envisaged or specified by European or national legislative authorities in EU regulations, laws or other legislation which the data controller is subject to.
Your rights under Art. 15 ff. GDPR
It goes without saying that you, as a job applicant, have the option of exercising your data subject rights as stated in the GDPR. For more information on this, click here:
https://nect.com/en/privacy-concern/
.
Necessity of providing personal data
The provision of personal data within the scope of the application process is not required by law. You are thus not obliged to make your personal data available. Please however note that this data is required for the application process. Should you fail to provide us with personal data, then we will not be able to carry out any valid application process with you. We recommend that you only provide the personal data which is necessary to initiate and carry out the application process.
Automated decision-making
Since any decision on your application is not solely based on automated processing, no automated decision-making as defined by Art. 22 GDPR takes place within the scope of individual application processes.
Current as of: June 2022