Privacy policy
We at Bending Spoons S.p.A. (“
Bending Spoons
”, "
we
", "
us
" and "
our
") have created this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information in connection with operating our business. Bending Spoons is the controller of your personal data. This Privacy Policy describes the practices concerning the information collected by us through the use of our websites and mobile applications on which this Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy applies to our websites and mobile applications and other online services we may provide on which this Privacy Policy is posted, and our collection of information from our corresponding social media features and pages (each a "
Service
" and collectively, the "
Services
"). In addition to describing how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information, this Privacy Policy explains the rights and choices available to individuals with respect to their personal information.
California residents, please see section 8 for more information on Your California Privacy Rights. Mainland China residents, please see section 9 for more information on Your Privacy Rights.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may obtain information about you through your use of our Services, or when you call, email or otherwise communicate with us (including through social media).
The information that we collect, whether from you directly or automatically, may be considered personal information in certain jurisdictions or personal data under the European General Data Protection Regulation (the "
GDPR
"). Whenever we refer to personal information in this Privacy Policy, it means personal information or personal data as defined by applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction.
Categories of personal information we collect, which may vary based on the Service being used, are:
Identifiers (e.g., real name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, account or other similar identifiers).
Personal Records (e.g., name, Email address and username. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories).
Internet or other similar network activity (e.g., information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. See Information collected by Automated Means below for further details).
Geolocation data (e.g., physical location or movements).
Sensory data (e.g., audio, electronic, visual, or similar information).
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies).
Inferences drawn from other personal information (i.e., profiles reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, and behavior).
Images.
Please note that when using certain Services, you may choose to input or provide access to certain physical or health-related information about yourself. Such information will be stored locally on your device.
2. SOURCES OF INFORMATION AND PURPOSES OF USE
Some of this information you provide to us and some we collect when you use our Services. We also may obtain information about you (including personal information) from our business partners, such as vendors, and from previous owners and data controllers, and others.
You may choose not to provide some or all of your personal information to us but doing so may prevent us from providing our Services to you or limit our ability to provide you with the level of service that you would otherwise expect from us.
Information collected from you
The following are examples of the types of information we may collect directly from you:
Feedback
: From time to time, we may request your opinions, suggestions, or modification and improvement ideas ("Feedback") through surveys, or other similar requests. Any responses you provide are voluntary.
Name
: We require your name to personalize your user experience.
Telephone number
: We may require your phone number for the technical provision of our Services to you.
Email address
: We use your email address to communicate with you about the products and Services we offer, responding to requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions and updating you with information about your account.
Username and/or PIN
: Certain of our Services use this information to facilitate your access to our website or mobile application and validate your login for your security.
Other User Information
: When using certain Services, you may choose to input or provide access to certain information about yourself, such as photographs, physical and health related information, or other information to enhance your experience of the Services we provide. This information will be stored on your device and will not be transmitted to us unless we notify you otherwise at the time of entering the information or granting access to the information.
Location Information
: When you use our Apps, we and our third party partners may detect your general location (e.g., city and state). Additionally, we may also collect precise location data (e.g., longitude/latitude) but only when you consent within the app to sharing your precise location. Failure to provide such information will only prevent you from using the features of the app that require your precise location, or obtaining results that the service intends to provide you with based on your location information, but will not affect your use of other features. We may use location information to operate and enhance our service as well as customize the content, weather alerts, and advertising we provide to you. For Apps with advertisements, if you have enabled location tracking, our trusted third-party partners may also collect and use location data to customize advertisements shown to you. See advertising Opt-Outs in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy for more information on how to opt-out of receiving relevant advertising.
Payment Information
: In the event you purchase products or Services directly from us, we, or a third party on our behalf, may collect payment card and other payment information, solely as required to process payment for such purchase.
Photograph
: Photograph or photographs you may provide to the Services. Your photographs and pictures will remain on your device and will not be transmitted to us unless we notify you otherwise at the time of your sharing of those photos.
Information collected by automated means ("Automated Information")
We may collect Automated Information through the use of cookies, and other technologies. Such other technologies may include:
"Pixel tags" (also known as a "clear GIFs" or "web beacons") which are tiny images (in most cases, typically just one-pixel) that can be placed on a Web page or in our electronic communications to you in order to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you've opened one of our emails or seen one of our Web pages.
"HTML5" (the language some websites, such as mobile websites, are coded in) may be used to store information on your computer or device about your website usage activities and to help determine how our Services are being used by our visitors, how the services can be improved and to customize our Services for our users.
The above tracking technologies may be deployed by us or our service providers on our behalf.
Automated Information includes information such as:
IP address
Operating system used (for example: iOS)
Internal resolution of the browser window
Device type
Country code
Identifiers associated with technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address)
Dates and times of access
IDFA
Subscription information
Latitude/longitude (if you allow location tracking)
AdvertisingID (such as Google’s AdvertisingID and Apple’s IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device’s settings)
Adjust ID (this identifier lets us know where our users found our Services online, record user app events and optimize our advertising efforts)
We or our third-party service provider may assign you a unique identifier through automated means in order to match information collected from you through different means or at different times, (including both personal information and Automated Information) and to use such information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information collected from integrated services.
We may obtain information, including personal information from third parties and sources that we integrate into our Services either for the provision of our services or to facilitate your access to our Services such as described below.
You may be given the option to access or register for our services through the use of your third-party social media account, such as Facebook or Google. If you select this option, your social media provider may make some of your personal information available to us, such as your email address or other unique identifier or we may be asked to share certain information with such social media provider. We recommend that you review your social media provider's privacy policies carefully before using their service to connect to our Services.
3. HOW WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Service delivery and Customer support
Maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, operation our website and mobile applications; processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying user information, processing payments;
Communicating about the products and Services we offer, and responding to requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions.
Service improvement
Conducting statistical analyses or other research activities to optimize our features and provide you with new ones;
Understanding and evaluating how our Services and features perform with our users;
Uncovering insights about usage in order to improve the Services and provide customers with enhanced features as well as inform our development of new features and products.
Profiling
Measuring our advertising and marketing activity (e.g., measuring how a user was acquired).
Troubleshooting
Ensuring the quality and the proper functioning of our Services by analyzing, preventing, and correcting failures and bugs, and to prevent the illicit use or misuse of the Service.
Targeted advertising and marketing
Understanding our customer in order to more effectively market our Services
Serving relevant advertisements, if applicable.
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification
Activities related to improving the quality of the Services we provide, including upgrade or enhancement of the Services;
Verification or maintenance of the quality or safety of Services;
Tracking and responding to quality and safety matters;
Protecting our rights and property.
Compliance with legal obligations
Complying with our legal obligations, including requests from public authorities, and proving that we have complied with them, such as in the event of a request from a public authority.
Defense
Establishing, exercising, or defending our rights and those of our employees, and to carry out corporate transactions or operations. For example, your data may be processed in the event of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, and sale of assets or assignments, and the due diligence related to any such transactions.
To perform the above functions, we may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both personal information and Automated Information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources. We may also aggregate and/or de-identify any information that we collect, such that the information no longer identifies any specific individual. We may use, disclose and otherwise process such information for our own legitimate business purposes – including historical and statistical analysis and business planning – pursuant to this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws.
We will inform you if it is necessary for us to use your personal information for any purpose other than those stated in this Privacy Policy, and obtain your consent (where required by applicable privacy laws) before using your information for such other purpose.
4. HOW WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU WITH OTHERS
Your personal data may be transmitted to trusted and reliable third parties. This happens only when there are lawful grounds for the transmission. We don’t sell your data, including your images, to third parties under any circumstances.
The types of third parties to which your data may be transmitted are as follows:
Third parties that carry out activities related to our business and operations. Such parties can operate either on our behalf as data processors (for example, IT or storage service providers) or as autonomous data controllers (for example, professional advisors providing advice or otherwise protecting and managing our business interests).
Third parties that collect personal data about you to show personalized advertising.
We may share certain information with companies like Facebook, Pinterest or Snapchat that allows us to create Custom or Lookalike Audiences. You may learn more about your off-Facebook activity and how to opt out of having such activity sent to Facebook click
here
. You can also visit your
Pinterest Settings
and
Snapchat Advertising Preferences
to learn more about your privacy options on those platforms.
We also use Google Ads to advertise our products. You may opt-out of the use of this tracking technology by visiting
Google’s Advertising and Privacy page
.
Advisors and new owners, in the event that we carry out a corporate transaction or operation such as a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or assignments, and as a part of the associated due diligence.
Public, judicial, or police authorities, within the limits established by applicable laws.
Other parties as necessary (for example, competent authorities), if we have reason to believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies or that you’ve violated the law, or if it’s necessary to protect our rights, property, and safety or that of our users, the public, or others.
Additionally, we may share your personal data if it’s required for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, or if you give us your consent to do so.
5. DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURES
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, our sites do not currently process or respond to "do-not-track" (DNT) settings in your web browser. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
Certain third parties, such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social media and networking platforms, collect information about your online activities over time and across websites. These third parties may not change their tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor DNT settings. Information about how to opt out from your data being used by third parties can be found above under "Information collected by automated means."
6. SOCIAL MEDIA AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
We maintain a presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Google, LinkedIn, Twitter, Snap, TikTok and Pinterest. We may incorporate some third-party social networking features into our Services (including, allowing users to interact with others and share certain content and information on social media platforms) or utilize third-party provided platforms to publish or manage the Services or portions thereof. Through these platforms and features, we receive or may share information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies to that information as well. In addition, some providers of third-party social media or blogging platforms we utilize have their own privacy policies which explain how the third parties that provide them may collect, use and protect your information (e.g., if you establish an account with such platform providers directly). By using social features, you acknowledge those third parties' privacy policies and agree to their terms of use.
If you choose to communicate with us or another user through social features available on our websites or mobile applications or through our social media pages, or other similar communication or messaging features or services, such information may be made publicly available.
For security purposes, please do not include any password, social security number, payment card or other sensitive information via these features.
We have the right, but not the obligation to monitor messages and communications between and among users for security and training purposes. We may, but are not obligated to, remove any content we deem inappropriate.
7. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING DATA
In this section, we identify the legal grounds on which we rely to process personal information.
In some cases, we have a legitimate interest to process the personal information that we collect, such as to develop, administer and support our products and services; to operate, evaluate and improve our business; to facilitate and manage engagement programs; to promote research; to support our recruitment activities; to facilitate a Corporate Transaction (including a sale of assets or merger or acquisition); or to fulfill our contracts with business partners, such as third parties that distribute our products.
It may also be necessary for us to process personal information to establish, exercise or defend against fraud, illegal activity, and claims and other liabilities, including by enforcing the terms and conditions that govern the services we provide.
We may also process personal information as specifically permitted by applicable legal requirements.
If we rely on consent for the processing of your personal information, we will seek such consent at the time we collect your personal information.
8. DATA RETENTION
We retain personal data used for defense purposes for a maximum of ten (10) years from your most recent interaction with the app, or from the expiration of your subscription. If you access the app after your subscription has expired, the retention period starts from this most recent interaction. Specific legal obligations might require different retention periods and, in such cases, those different periods will apply. Upon the expiry of the retention period, the data is either deleted or anonymized.
We retain personal data used for the purpose of compliance with legal obligations for a maximum of five (5) years from your most recent interaction with the app, or from the expiration of your subscription. If you access the app after your subscription has expired, the retention period starts from this most recent interaction. Specific legal obligations might require different retention periods and, in such cases, those different periods will apply. Upon the expiry of the retention period, the data is either deleted or anonymized.
We retain the personal data for a maximum of three (3) years from your most recent interaction with the app, or from the expiration of your subscription. If you access the app after your subscription has expired, the retention period starts from this most recent interaction. After this period, unless any legal obligations require that the
9. YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
You have the following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:
Access
: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;
Correction
: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information or to limit our use of it;
Deletion
: in certain circumstances, you can request a right "to be forgotten" (this is a right to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honor such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it;
Portability
: in certain circumstances, exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to obtain a transferable version of your personal information to transfer to another provider); and
Consent Management
: where we rely on consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw consent at any time. You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is based on consent.
For your protection, we may require proof of identity and verification before we can answer your requests.
You also have the right to complain before the competent national data protection authority, or any other applicable regulator in the jurisdiction where you reside, in the event that you think we’ve violated the applicable privacy laws and we haven’t addressed your request.
data is retained for longer, the data is either deleted or anonymized.
10. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We may transfer your personal information to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. For example, if you are located outside of the United States, we may transfer your personal information to the United States. The countries to which we transfer personal information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer personal information across borders, we consider a variety of requirements that may apply to such transfers.
Specifically, we may transfer personal information from the European Economic Area to:
Countries that the European Commissions has deemed to adequately safeguard personal information,
Pursuant to the recipient's compliance with standard contractual clauses (also known as Model Clauses), or Binding Corporate Rules,
Pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal information pertains, or
As otherwise permitted by applicable EEA requirements.
11. INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") may provide you with rights that are in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy regarding our use of your personal information. The CCPA Notice applies to "Consumers" as defined by the law. This section describes your CCPA rights as a California Consumer and explains how to exercise those rights. See Sections 1 - 4 above to learn what information we collected from you and how it is collected, used and shared.
Access Rights
No more than twice in a twelve-month period, you may request the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, specific pieces of personal information, categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, business or commercial purposes for our collection or sale of your personal information, and categories of third parties to whom we’ve disclosed your personal information.
Data Correction Rights
You may request to have inaccurate personal information corrected and updated.
Data Deletion Rights
Except to the extent we have a basis for retention under CCPA, you may request that we delete your personal information that we have collected directly from you and are maintaining. Note also that we are not required to delete your personal information that we did not collect directly from you.
Exercising Your Rights
To make a request for access, correction, or deletion according to your rights under CCPA, send your request to privacy@bendingspoons.com. Consumers may exercise these rights via an authorized agent. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Any request you submit to us is subject to an identification and residency verification process ("Verifiable Consumer Request").
The Verifiable Consumer Request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Some personal information we maintain about Consumers is not sufficiently associated with enough personal information about the Consumer for us to be able to verify that it is a particular Consumer's personal information (e.g., clickstream data tied only to a pseudonymous browser ID). In accordance with the CCPA, we do not include that personal information in response to Verifiable Consumer Requests. If we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the reasons in our response.
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify Consumer personal information that we collect, process, store, disclose, and otherwise use and to respond to your California Consumer privacy rights requests. We will typically not charge a fee to fully respond to your requests, but we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act upon a request, if your request is excessive, repetitive, unfounded, or overly burdensome.
Opt-Out
To make a request to opt-out of sale under CCPA, email privacy@bendingspoons.com. See
Section 10
: Online Privacy Choices and Rights to learn how you can exercise your rights regarding interest-based advertising.
We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA because you exercise your CCPA rights. However, we may charge a different price or rate, or offer a different level or quality of good or service, to the extent that doing so is reasonably related to the value of the applicable data. In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for the collection, sale and retention and use of your personal information as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. We may add or change incentive programs and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above so check them regularly.
California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. As discussed above, if we share Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes you will be able to elect for us not to do so by submitting your request to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
(please include your name, mailing address, and email address).
12. Information for Residents of Mainland China
If you are a resident of Mainland China (“Mainland China”, for the purpose of this Privacy Policy, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Macau Special Administrative Region, and Taiwan), the PRC laws and regulations contain rules that are in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy regarding our collection, use, transfer and retention of your personal information.
Principles of Collection
We only collect your information to the extent necessary to provide one or more of the Services, and will do so only by fair and reasonable means. The legal basis for collecting and using the information depends on what the information is and the context in which we collect it. During your use of some features, we will collect your personal information after obtaining your consent. Unless the provision of such information is required by applicable laws and regulations, refusing to provide such information will only result in your inability to use the related features, and will not affect your use of other features.
Sensitive Personal Information
Access to sensitive personal information, such as contacts, exact location, camera, microphone and album, is disabled by default, and will only be enabled upon your express authorization. It is important to note that obtaining your authorization to access sensitive personal information is a necessary but not sufficient condition for us to collect certain information. Our acquisition of your authorization to access sensitive personal information does not mean that we will definitely collect your relevant information. We will only collect your sensitive personal information when there is a specified purpose and sufficient necessity and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For the collection and processing of sensitive personal information, specific consent shall be obtained from you.
We place great value on the protection of minors’ personal information. As required by applicable laws and regulations, any user under the age of 14 shall obtain the written consent of his/her parent or statutory guardian prior to providing sensitive personal information to us.
Information Shared with a Third Party
We will share your personal information with third parties only in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unless explicitly authorized by you, we will not share any information that can be used to identify your identity (such as your name or email address). We may, however, share non-personally identifiable, aggregated, and/or public information with third parties. We will direct all such third-party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and not to use your information for any purpose other than that have been authorized by you.
Data Retention
We may retain your personal information for the longer of three (3) years after we become aware that you have ceased using our services or for so long as necessary to fulfill any contractual obligation governing the information or our legal and regulatory obligations. However, we may not know if you have stopped using our services, so we encourage you to contact us at the appropriate support email in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy if you are no longer using the services. We may retain other information that is not personally identifiable for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
Upon the expiry of the retention period, unless any legal obligations require that personal information is retained for longer, the data is either deleted or anonymized.
If we discontinue providing our Services, we will notify you of such change by sending a notification, posting an announcement, or other means, and delete or anonymize your personal information within a reasonable period. “Anonymization” refers to the irreversible erasure or removal of sensitive personal information that leads to the information owner being identified. Any anonymized information shall not be considered as personal information.
Your personal information collected from Mainland China will be stored in a location within Mainland China in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If it is necessary to change the location where your personal information is stored from Mainland China to another location outside Mainland China, the information transfer will be conducted in strict compliance with applicable laws.
Right to Delete Information
We will delete, and you have the right to request the deletion of, your personal information if the purpose of processing such personal information has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving such purpose, we cease the provision of the Service, or the required information retention period has expired, relevant authorization or consent is withdrawn by you, the processing of personal information by us is in violation of any applicable law, regulations or agreement, or any other circumstances as provided by applicable laws or regulations.
If the information retention period prescribed by law has not expired, or it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, we will cease the processing of such personal information, except for storage and any necessary measure taken to protect your personal information.
13. ONLINE PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Device permissions
Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as camera and microphone as well as push notifications. Where applicable, you can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
Uninstall
You can stop all information collection by the app by disabling call forwarding and deactivating your account by following the instructions on the Service's Settings screen and then uninstalling the app using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
Email
If you receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial email from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time, by sending a request to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your request, and you may receive promotional communications from us that you have opted-out from during that period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional or administrative messages from us regarding the Services.
Location information
If you choose to opt-in, some of our apps may collect your device's precise real-time location, and in such cases, you may be able to opt out from further allowing us to have access to such location data by managing your location preferences in the app and/or on your device.
Notice to Nevada users
We do not sell covered information, as defined under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes, and we do not have plans to sell this information. However, if you would like to be notified if we decide in the future to sell personal information covered by the Act, please contact us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. You are responsible for updating any change in your email address by the same method and we are not obligated to cross-reference other emails you may have otherwise provided us for other purposes. We will maintain this information and contact you if our practices change.
New Privacy Laws
We understand that privacy laws are constantly evolving. New US state laws and new international privacy laws are consistently emerging, developing and being enacted. We will respect all applicable privacy laws.
Advertising Opt-Outs
You may choose whether to receive some Interest-based Advertising by submitting opt-outs. Some of the advertisers and Service Providers that perform advertising-related services for us and third parties may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance's ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding Interest-based Advertising, including use of Cross-device Data for serving ads, visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, and
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
for information on the DAA's opt-out program specifically for mobile apps (including use of precise location for third party ads). Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or web browser or use a non-browser-based method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective.
When you allow Notifications, we may send you offers and promotions related to our products and features. You may opt-out of these through the Settings menu on your device.
14. How We Protect Personal Information
We use various efforts intended to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information collected through our Services. Despite these measures, however, we cannot and do not guarantee that information will be absolutely safe from interception or intrusion during transmission or while stored on our system, or otherwise, and you provide information to us at your own risk.
If you correspond with us by email or using Web forms like a "contact us" feature available through our Services, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure from access by unauthorized parties. We have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission. If you create an
account
as part of using our Services, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any activity that occurs under your account. Please notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
If we believe that the security of your personal information in our care may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If we have your email address, we may notify you by email to the most recent email address you have provided us in your account profile. Please keep your email address in your account up to date. You can change that email address anytime in your account profile. If you receive a notice from us, you can print it to retain a copy of it. To receive these notices, you must check your email account using your computer or mobile device and email application software. We may also post a conspicuous notice on our site or notify you through the mobile application.
15. Links to Websites and Third-Party Content
For your convenience and information, we may provide links to websites and other third-party content that is not owned or operated by us. The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices or policies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any entity that we do not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third parties before providing them with any personal information.
16. Information Relating to Children
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 (or 16 in the EEA, or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws). If you are not over 13 years of age (or 16 in the EEA, or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws) then
DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES
. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that we may have personal information from or about your child under 13, please contact us at privacy@bendingspoons.com. Note that we'll attempt to delete the account of any child under the age of 13 that's reported to us as soon as possible. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
17. In-app tracking technologies
When we refer to “tracking technology” or “tracking technologies” in this policy, we mean any technology that stores or accesses information on the user’s device, including SDKs, tracking pixels, HTML5 local storage, local shared objects, and fingerprinting techniques.
Tracking technologies are usually classified by purpose (technical, analytics, profiling) and by publisher (first-party, third-party). The legal requirements vary based on these classifications.
The tracking technology classifications and some practical examples now follow.
By purpose
Technical tracking technologies
These are used to transmit messages over an electronic communication network or to provide a service specifically requested by the user. Therefore, they’re necessary for the app to function correctly, and for providing the service requested by and offered to the user.
For example, technical tracking technologies can be used to monitor sessions, store specific server access information related to the user configuration, facilitate the use of online content, keep track of items in a shopping cart, or keep track of information used to fill in a form.
As technical tracking technologies are necessary, they don’t need your consent.
Analytics tracking technologies
These are used to assess the effectiveness of an information society service provided by a publisher, evaluate and improve the design of an app, or help measure traffic. In other words, they serve to track the traffic and performance of an app by collecting aggregate data on the number of users and how they interact with the app, which helps to improve its services.
For example, analytics tracking technologies may collect information about how users access an app, including the number of users and potentially grouped by geographical area, time zone, how long they stay on the app, which parts of the app they interact with, and the number of users who used a particular feature.
Normally, analytics tracking technologies are used only with your explicit consent. However, in the following cases they’re treated like technical trackers, so don’t need your consent:
When they’re used only to produce aggregated statistics that are performed through the controller’s own resources and that don’t turn into activities that go beyond statistical counting and assisting business-related decision-making
When the third parties don’t match the analytics trackers' data with any other information, and don’t send any data gathered to other third parties
Profiling tracking technologies
These are used to evaluate some personal aspects of certain users, and to trace specific actions or recurring behavioral patterns in the use of the app in relation to specific, identified or identifiable individuals, so they can be grouped within homogeneous, multi-sized clusters. This enables the company to analyze and predict personal elements, provide users with customized services beyond what’s strictly necessary for the delivery of the service, and sending targeted advertising messages in line with the preferences they express during their in-app activities. These serve to convey behavioral advertising, measure the effectiveness of ads, and customize the services offered in line with the user’s monitored behavior.
For example, profiling tracking technologies can be used for the following activities:
To create user profiles and offer content in line with the user’s interests
To send targeted ads or messages
To conduct statistical analysis or other research activities to improve our products and services and measure the effectiveness of our campaigns
Profiling tracking technologies are used only with your explicit consent.
By publisher
First-party tracking technologies
These are installed and managed directly by the owner of the app (in this case, Bending Spoons S.p.A). As the owner, we process the collected data for our own purposes.
Third-party tracking technologies
These are installed and managed by different apps or developers, either for our purposes or for those of the third party.
The data collected by the third parties for their own purposes is governed by their specific privacy policies and terms and conditions. For further information about these data processing activities, you can directly refer to the privacy policy of the relevant third parties as indicated in the subsection Types of tracking technologies used by the app.
Third-party tracking technologies need your consent, unless they’re anonymized and only used for analytical purposes. You can manage consent at any time from within the app’s privacy settings.
Types of tracking technologies used in the app
This app uses the following types of tracking technologies:
Blossom SDK (technical)
Technical
3 years
First-party
Our internal software development kit (SDK). It’s necessary for the app to function correctly.
Blossom SDK (statistical analytics)
Technical
3 years
First-party
Our internal software development kit (SDK). It allows us to produce aggregated statistics.
Firebase Crashlytics
Technical
3 years
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
A tool provided by Google that’s necessary for the app to correctly interact with the backend and provide you with key features.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Technical
3 years
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
A tool provided by Google that’s necessary for the app to correctly interact with the backend and provide you with key features.
FirebaseAuth
Technical
3 years
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
A tool provided by Google that’s necessary for the app to correctly interact with the backend and provide you with key features.
Facebook SDK
Defined by the Third Party
Third-party https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=facebook_page_footer
Thanks to this SDK developed by Meta we can provide you with a secure, fast, and easy way to log in into our app using Facebook. If you like, you’ll also be able to share your workouts on Facebook in an easy way.
Google Sign In
Defined by the Third Party
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Thanks to this SDK developed by Google we can provide you with a secure, fast, and easy way to log in into our app using Google.
Firebase
Analytics
3 years
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
A tool provided by Google that’s necessary for the app to work properly. When analytics features are enabled, it can help us to improve app traffic and performance.
Blossom SDK (profiling)
Profiling
3 years
First-party
Our internal profiling software development kit (SDK). It allows us to provide customized services.
Firebase
Profiling
3 years
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase is a tool provided by Google which is essential for the app to work properly. When profiling features are enabled, it can help us to measure the effectiveness of our ads.
Tracking technologies settings
You can turn on or turn off—in whole or in part—profiling and third-party analytics tracking technologies at any time through the app’s privacy settings. As for Meta Audience Network SDK, if you’re an Android user, you can manage your choices directly on Meta's website.
When you withdraw consent, your data will no longer be collected through those trackers. However, we’ll continue processing the data collected before the withdrawal.
You can’t turn off first-party analytics tracking technologies—they’re treated like technical trackers, so aren’t contingent on consent. However, you can opt out of the further processing of your data that’s been collected via these trackers. To do so, contact us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
.
With regards to your rights under applicable Data Protection Laws, please refer to the section Your choices and rights.
18. Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update the date of this Privacy Policy. Continued use of the Services after such date constitutes acceptance of such updates. When required by applicable law, we may inform you by additional means, such as through a notification on the website or in our mobile applications if we make material changes to how your personal information is collected, accessed or otherwise used as a result of your use of the Services or if your rights under this Privacy Policy are materially impacted by changes to our privacy practices. We recommend that you check this page from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy.
19. How to Contact Us
If you want to submit a request by email or if you have any other questions about privacy or data protection at Bending Spoons, you can contact us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
.
Can't find what you’re looking for?
Visit
the Support Center
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy?hl=it:
Passa ai contenuti principali
firebase.google.com utilizza i cookie di Google per erogare i propri servizi, migliorarne la qualità e analizzare il traffico.
Scopri di più
.
Ok
Creazione
Altro
Esegui
Altro
Soluzioni
Prezzi
Documenti
Altro
Community
Altro
Assistenza
Go to console
Assistenza per gli sviluppatori
Contatta l'assistenza
Ambito dell'assistenza senza costi
Guide di assistenza
Panoramica
Domande frequenti
Elenco di controllo per la sicurezza
Elenco di controllo per il lancio
Account di servizio correlati a Firebase
Risolvere i problemi relativi alle opzioni di inizializzazione
Attivare il framework AdSupport
Ritiro di Dynamic Links
Domande frequenti sul ritiro
Esporta metadati di Dynamic Links
Eseguire la migrazione a Link app e Link universali
Esegui la migrazione da Analizza
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Regole di sicurezza Firebase
Firebase Realtime Database
Streaming di dispositivi Android
Modifiche e aggiornamenti recenti
Note di rilascio
Note di rilascio per iOS
Note di rilascio di Android
Note di rilascio di JavaScript
Note di rilascio di Flutter
Note di rilascio C++
Note di rilascio di Unity
Note di rilascio di Node.js per gli amministratori
Note di rilascio di Java Admin
Note di rilascio di Python per gli amministratori
Note di rilascio di Admin Go
Note di rilascio di Admin .NET
Note di rilascio delle regole di sicurezza
Note di rilascio dell'interfaccia a riga di comando di Firebase
Norme per le modifiche e la gestione delle versioni
Panoramica
Introduzione e comunicazione delle modifiche
Controllo delle versioni e manutenzione
Informazioni legali
Termini di servizio
Termini dei servizi a pagamento
Termini per l'elaborazione e la sicurezza dei dati
Firebase: clausole contrattuali standard
Accordo sul livello del servizio per hosting e database in tempo reale
Accordo sul livello del servizio Cloud Storage for Firebase
Norme relative ai dati utente di Firebase App Indexing
Termini di Crashlytics e App Distribution
Subprocessori di Firebase
Informazioni su privacy e sicurezza
Privacy e sicurezza in Firebase
Designare responsabili della protezione dei dati e rappresentanti dell'UE
Domande sulla privacy dei dati di Firebase
Gestire i dati dell'ID istanza
Cancellare ed esportare i dati degli utenti
Memorizzare le impostazioni della privacy con Firebase
Creazione
Vai a Crea
Creare prodotti
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
AI generativa
Esegui
Vai a Esegui
Esegui prodotti
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Panoramica
Concetti fondamentali
Creazione
Esegui
Riferimento
Esempi
Apprendimento
Eventi
Storie
Questa pagina è stata tradotta dall'
API Cloud Translation
.
Firebase
Assistenza
Invia feedback
Privacy e sicurezza in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Mantieni tutto organizzato con le raccolte
Salva e classifica i contenuti in base alle tue preferenze.
Su questa pagina
Protezione dati
Supporto Firebase per GDPR e CCPA
Termini per l'elaborazione e la sicurezza dei dati Firebase
Firebase è certificato secondo i principali standard di privacy e sicurezza
Informativa sul trattamento dei dati
Esempi di dati degli utenti finali elaborati da Firebase
Guide per abilitare il consenso esplicito al trattamento dei dati degli utenti finali
Luoghi di archiviazione ed elaborazione dei dati
Informazioni sulla sicurezza
Crittografia dei dati
Pratiche di sicurezza
Dati del servizio Firebase
Esempi di come i dati del servizio Firebase vengono elaborati da Firebase
Utilizzo dei dati del servizio Firebase da parte di servizi Google non Firebase
Questa pagina illustra le principali informazioni sulla sicurezza e sulla privacy di Firebase. Che tu stia cercando di avviare un nuovo progetto con Firebase o che tu sia curioso di sapere come funziona Firebase con il tuo progetto esistente, continua a leggere per vedere come Firebase può aiutarti a proteggere te e i tuoi utenti.
Ultima modifica: 25 luglio 2023
Protezione dati
Supporto Firebase per GDPR e CCPA
Il 25 maggio 2018, il Regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati (GDPR) dell’UE ha sostituito la Direttiva europea sulla protezione dei dati del 1995. Il 1° gennaio 2020 è entrato in vigore il California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Il 1° gennaio 2023 è entrato in vigore il California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), una legge sulla privacy dei dati che modifica e amplia il CCPA. Google si impegna ad aiutare i nostri clienti ad avere successo nel rispetto di queste normative sulla privacy, siano essi grandi società di software o sviluppatori indipendenti.
Il GDPR impone obblighi ai titolari e ai responsabili del trattamento dei dati, mentre il CCPA/CPRA impone obblighi alle imprese e ai loro fornitori di servizi. I clienti Firebase in genere agiscono come "titolare del trattamento dei dati" (GDPR) o "aziendale" (CCPA/CPRA) per qualsiasi dato personale o informazione sui propri utenti finali che forniscono a Google in relazione al loro utilizzo di Firebase e Google generalmente opera come un “responsabile del trattamento” (GDPR) o un “fornitore di servizi” (CCPA/CPRA).
Ciò significa che i dati sono sotto il controllo del cliente. I clienti sono responsabili di obblighi come l'adempimento dei diritti di un individuo rispetto ai propri dati o informazioni personali.
Termini per l'elaborazione e la sicurezza dei dati Firebase
Quando i clienti utilizzano Firebase, Google è generalmente un responsabile del trattamento dei dati ai sensi del GDPR ed elabora i dati personali per loro conto. Allo stesso modo, quando i clienti utilizzano Firebase, Google generalmente opera come fornitore di servizi ai sensi del CCPA/CPRA gestendo le informazioni personali per loro conto. I termini di Firebase includono
termini per l'elaborazione dei dati e la sicurezza
che descrivono in dettaglio queste responsabilità.
Alcuni servizi Firebase regolati dai
Termini di servizio di Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
sono già coperti dai termini di elaborazione dei dati associati, l'
Addendum sull'elaborazione dei dati nel cloud
. Un elenco completo dei servizi Firebase attualmente regolati dai Termini di servizio GCP è disponibile nei
Termini di servizio per i servizi Firebase
.
Google Analytics è un servizio separato che può essere utilizzato insieme a Firebase ed è soggetto a
termini
separati .
Firebase è certificato secondo i principali standard di privacy e sicurezza
Conformità ISO e SOC
Tutti i servizi Firebase (a parte l'indicizzazione delle app) hanno completato con successo il processo di valutazione
ISO 27001
e
SOC 1
,
SOC 2
e
SOC 3
e alcuni hanno anche completato il processo di certificazione
ISO 27017
e
ISO 27018
. I rapporti di conformità e i certificati per i servizi Firebase regolati dai Termini di servizio GCP possono essere richiesti tramite il
Gestore dei rapporti di conformità
Nome di Servizio
ISO27001
ISO27017
ISO27018
SOC1
SOC2
SOC3
Archiviazione nel cloud per Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Autenticazione Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Fire Store
check
check
check
check
check
check
Collegamenti dinamici Firebase
check
check
check
check
Configurazione remota Firebase
check
check
check
check
Controllo dell'app Firebase
check
check
check
check
Crashlytics di Firebase
check
check
check
check
Database in tempo reale Firebase
check
check
check
check
Distribuzione dell'app Firebase
check
check
check
check
FirebaseML
check
check
check
check
Funzioni cloud per Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Hosting Firebase
check
check
check
check
Laboratorio di test Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Messaggistica cloud Firebase
check
check
check
check
Messaggistica in-app Firebase
check
check
check
check
Monitoraggio delle prestazioni di Firebase
check
check
check
check
Piattaforma Firebase
check
check
check
check
Test A/B di Firebase
check
check
check
check
Trasferimenti internazionali di dati
Gli schemi dello Scudo per la privacy fornivano un meccanismo per conformarsi ai requisiti di protezione dei dati durante il trasferimento di dati personali del SEE, del Regno Unito o della Svizzera negli Stati Uniti e oltre. Alla luce della sentenza della Corte di giustizia dell'Unione europea sui trasferimenti di dati, che invalida lo scudo per la privacy UE-USA, Firebase è passata a fare affidamento sulle clausole contrattuali standard per i trasferimenti di dati rilevanti, che, secondo la sentenza, possono continuare a essere una decisione meccanismo legale valido per trasferire i dati ai sensi del GDPR. Il 4 giugno 2021 la Commissione Europea ha approvato le nuove versioni delle clausole contrattuali standard, che stiamo incorporando nei nostri contratti con i clienti Firebase per i trasferimenti di dati rilevanti.
Ci impegniamo ad avere una base legale per i trasferimenti di dati in conformità con le leggi applicabili sulla protezione dei dati.
Informativa sul trattamento dei dati
Esempi di dati degli utenti finali elaborati da Firebase
Alcuni servizi Firebase elaborano i dati degli utenti finali per fornire il proprio servizio. La tabella seguente contiene esempi di come i vari servizi Firebase utilizzano e gestiscono i dati degli utenti finali che potrebbero potenzialmente identificarli. Inoltre, molti servizi Firebase offrono la possibilità di richiedere la cancellazione di dati specifici o di controllare la modalità di gestione dei dati.
Servizio Firebase
Dati dell'utente finale
In che modo i dati aiutano a fornire il servizio
Autenticazione Firebase
Le password
Indirizzi email
Numeri di telefono
Agenti utente
Indirizzi IP
A cosa serve:
Firebase Authentication utilizza i dati per abilitare l'autenticazione dell'utente finale e facilitare la gestione dell'account dell'utente finale. Utilizza inoltre stringhe user-agent e indirizzi IP per fornire maggiore sicurezza e prevenire abusi durante la registrazione e l'autenticazione.
Conservazione:
l'autenticazione Firebase conserva gli indirizzi IP registrati per alcune settimane. Conserva altre informazioni di autenticazione finché il cliente Firebase non avvia l'eliminazione dell'utente associato, dopodiché i dati vengono rimossi dai sistemi live e di backup entro 180 giorni.
Collegamenti dinamici Firebase
Specifiche del dispositivo (iOS)
Indirizzi IP (iOS)
A cosa serve:
Dynamic Links utilizza le specifiche del dispositivo e gli indirizzi IP su iOS per aprire le app appena installate in una pagina o in un contesto specifico.
Conservazione:
Dynamic Links memorizza solo temporaneamente le specifiche del dispositivo e gli indirizzi IP, per fornire il servizio.
Configurazione remota Firebase
ID di installazione di Firebase
A cosa serve:
Remote Config utilizza gli ID di installazione Firebase per selezionare i valori di configurazione da restituire ai dispositivi degli utenti finali.
Conservazione:
Firebase conserva gli ID di installazione Firebase finché il cliente Firebase non effettua una chiamata API per eliminare l'ID. Dopo la chiamata, i dati vengono rimossi dai sistemi live e di backup entro 180 giorni.
Controllo dell'app Firebase
Materiale di attestazione proveniente da fornitori di attestazioni supportati
Token App Check provenienti da attestazioni riuscite
A cosa serve:
Firebase App Check utilizza il materiale di attestazione richiesto dal fornitore di attestazioni corrispondente e ricevuto dai dispositivi dell'utente finale per aiutare a stabilire l'integrità del dispositivo e/o dell'app. I materiali di attestazione vengono inviati al fornitore di attestazioni corrispondente per la convalida in base alla configurazione dello sviluppatore. I token App Check ottenuti da attestazioni riuscite vengono inviati con ogni richiesta ai servizi Firebase supportati per accedere alle risorse protette da App Check.
Conservazione:
il materiale di attestazione non viene conservato da App Check, ma quando viene inviato ai fornitori di attestazioni, è soggetto ai termini di tali fornitori di attestazioni. I token App Check restituiti dalle attestazioni riuscite sono validi per tutta la loro durata TTL, che non può essere superiore a 7 giorni. Per gli sviluppatori che utilizzano funzionalità di protezione dalla riproduzione, App Check archivia i token App Check utilizzati con queste funzionalità per un massimo di 30 giorni. Altri token App Check non utilizzati con le funzionalità di protezione della riproduzione non vengono conservati dai servizi Firebase.
Crashlytics di Firebase
UUID di installazione di Crashlytics
ID delle installazioni Firebase
Tracce di incidenti
Dati formattati minidump di Breakpad
(Solo NDK si arresta in modo anomalo)
A cosa serve:
Firebase Crashlytics utilizza le analisi dello stack di arresti anomali per associare gli arresti anomali a un progetto, inviare avvisi e-mail ai membri del progetto e visualizzarli nella console Firebase e aiutare i clienti Firebase a eseguire il debug degli arresti anomali. Utilizza gli UUID di installazione di Crashlytics per misurare il numero di utenti interessati da un arresto anomalo e dati minidump per elaborare gli arresti anomali di NDK. I dati del minidump vengono archiviati durante l'elaborazione della sessione di arresto anomalo e quindi eliminati. L'ID di installazione di Firebase abilita le funzionalità future che miglioreranno i servizi di segnalazione degli arresti anomali e di gestione degli arresti anomali. Fare riferimento a
Esempi di informazioni sul dispositivo memorizzate
per maggiori dettagli sui tipi di informazioni utente raccolte.
Conservazione:
Firebase Crashlytics conserva le tracce dello stack di arresto anomalo, i dati minidump estratti e gli identificatori associati (inclusi gli UUID di installazione di Crashlytics e gli ID di installazione di Firebase) per 90 giorni prima di iniziare il processo di rimozione dai sistemi live e di backup.
Nota:
Firebase Crashlytics archivia i dati minidump solo temporaneamente per elaborare gli arresti anomali di NDK.
Database in tempo reale Firebase
Indirizzi IP
Agenti utente
A cosa serve:
Realtime Database utilizza indirizzi IP e agenti utente per abilitare lo
strumento profiler
, che aiuta i clienti Firebase a comprendere le tendenze di utilizzo e i guasti della piattaforma.
Conservazione:
Realtime Database conserva gli indirizzi IP e le informazioni sull'agente utente per alcuni giorni, a meno che un cliente non scelga di salvarli per un periodo più lungo.
Distribuzione dell'app Firebase
Nomi degli utenti
Indirizzi email
UDID iOS
Proteggi gli ID Android
ID di installazione di Firebase
Feedback del tester (screenshot e testo)
A cosa serve:
Firebase App Distribution utilizza i dati per distribuire build di app ai tester, monitorare l'attività dei tester, abilitare funzionalità dei tester come feedback in-app e associare i dati ai dispositivi dei tester.
Conservazione:
Firebase App Distribution conserva le informazioni dell'utente fino a quando il cliente Firebase non ne richiede l'eliminazione, dopodiché i dati vengono rimossi dai sistemi live e di backup entro 180 giorni.
FirebaseML
Immagini caricate
token di autenticazione dell'installazione
A cosa serve:
le API basate su cloud archiviano temporaneamente le immagini caricate, per elaborarle e restituirti l'analisi. Le immagini archiviate vengono generalmente eliminate entro poche ore. Per ulteriori informazioni, consulta le
domande frequenti sull'utilizzo dei dati
di Cloud Vision.
I token di autenticazione dell'installazione
vengono utilizzati da Firebase ML per l'autenticazione del dispositivo quando si interagisce con le istanze dell'app, ad esempio per distribuire modelli sviluppatore alle istanze dell'app.
Conservazione:
i token di autenticazione dell'installazione rimangono validi fino alla data di scadenza. La durata predefinita del token è una settimana.
Funzioni cloud per Firebase
Indirizzi IP
A cosa serve:
Cloud Functions utilizza gli indirizzi IP per eseguire funzioni di gestione degli eventi e funzioni HTTP in base alle azioni dell'utente finale.
Conservazione:
le funzioni cloud salvano gli indirizzi IP solo temporaneamente, per fornire il servizio.
Hosting Firebase
Indirizzi IP
A cosa serve:
l'hosting utilizza gli indirizzi IP delle richieste in arrivo per rilevare abusi e fornire ai clienti un'analisi dettagliata dei dati di utilizzo.
Conservazione:
l'hosting conserva i dati IP per alcuni mesi.
Messaggistica cloud Firebase
ID di installazione di Firebase
A cosa serve:
Firebase Cloud Messaging utilizza gli ID di installazione Firebase per determinare a quali dispositivi recapitare i messaggi.
Conservazione:
Firebase conserva gli ID di installazione Firebase finché il cliente Firebase non effettua una chiamata API per eliminare l'ID. Dopo la chiamata, i dati vengono rimossi dai sistemi live e di backup entro 180 giorni.
Messaggistica in-app Firebase
ID di installazione di Firebase
A cosa serve:
la messaggistica in-app Firebase utilizza gli ID di installazione Firebase per determinare a quali dispositivi recapitare i messaggi.
Conservazione:
Firebase conserva gli ID di installazione Firebase finché il cliente Firebase non effettua una chiamata API per eliminare l'ID. Dopo la chiamata, i dati vengono rimossi dai sistemi live e di backup entro 180 giorni.
Monitoraggio delle prestazioni di Firebase
ID di installazione di Firebase
Indirizzi IP
A cosa serve:
il monitoraggio delle prestazioni utilizza gli ID di installazione Firebase per calcolare il numero di installazioni Firebase univoche che accedono alle risorse di rete, per garantire che i modelli di accesso siano sufficientemente anonimi. Utilizza inoltre gli ID di installazione Firebase con Firebase Remote Config per gestire la velocità di reporting degli eventi di prestazione. Inoltre, utilizza gli indirizzi IP per mappare gli eventi di performance nei paesi da cui provengono. Per ulteriori informazioni, vedere
Raccolta dati
.
Conservazione:
il monitoraggio delle prestazioni conserva gli eventi associati all'IP per 30 giorni e i dati sulle prestazioni associati all'installazione e non identificati per 90 giorni prima di iniziare il processo di rimozione dai sistemi attivi e di backup.
Esempi di informazioni raccolte da Crashlytics
Un UUID RFC-4122 che ci consente di deduplicare gli arresti anomali
L'UUID di installazione di Crashlytics
L'ID delle installazioni Firebase (FID)
L'ID sessione Firebase, che è un UUID casuale generato per contrassegnare gli eventi con una sessione
Il timestamp di quando si è verificato l'arresto anomalo
L'identificatore del bundle dell'app e il numero di versione completa
Il nome del sistema operativo e il numero di versione del dispositivo
Un valore booleano che indica se il dispositivo è stato sottoposto a jailbreak/root
Il nome del modello del dispositivo, l'architettura della CPU, la quantità di RAM e lo spazio su disco
Il puntatore all'istruzione uint64 di ogni frame di ogni thread attualmente in esecuzione
Se disponibile nel runtime, il metodo in testo semplice o il nome della funzione contenente ciascun puntatore all'istruzione.
Se è stata lanciata un'eccezione, il nome della classe in testo semplice e il valore del messaggio dell'eccezione
Se è stato generato un segnale fatale, il suo nome e il codice intero
Per ogni immagine binaria caricata nell'applicazione, nome, UUID, dimensione in byte e indirizzo di base uint64 in cui è stata caricata nella RAM
Un valore booleano che indica se l'app era o meno in background nel momento in cui si è verificato l'arresto anomalo
Un valore intero che indica la rotazione dello schermo al momento dell'incidente
Un valore booleano che indica se il sensore di prossimità del dispositivo è stato attivato
Il contenuto di
version-control-info.textproto
(solo per le app Android
configurate per utilizzare l'integrazione del sistema di controllo della versione (VCS)
)
Esempi di informazioni raccolte da Performance Monitoring
L'ID delle installazioni Firebase (FID)
L'ID sessione Firebase, che è un UUID casuale generato per contrassegnare gli eventi con una sessione
Informazioni generali sul dispositivo, come modello, sistema operativo e orientamento
RAM e dimensioni del disco
uso della CPU
Operatore (in base al Paese del cellulare e al codice di rete)
Informazioni radio/rete (ad esempio WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Paese (in base all'indirizzo IP)
Località/lingua
Versione dell'app
Stato in primo piano o in background dell'app
Nome del pacchetto dell'app
ID di installazione di Firebase
Tempi di durata per le tracce automatizzate
URL di rete (esclusi i parametri URL o il contenuto del payload) e le seguenti informazioni corrispondenti:
Codici di risposta (ad esempio, 403, 200)
Dimensioni del payload in byte
Tempi di risposta
Visualizza un
elenco completo
delle tracce automatiche raccolte da Performance Monitoring.
Nota:
per ulteriori informazioni sull'eliminazione dei dati associati alle installazioni, consulta
Eliminare un'installazione Firebase
.
Guide per abilitare il consenso esplicito al trattamento dei dati degli utenti finali
I servizi nella tabella sopra necessitano di una certa quantità di dati degli utenti finali per funzionare. Di conseguenza, non è possibile disattivare completamente la raccolta dei dati durante l'utilizzo di tali servizi.
Se sei un cliente che desidera offrire agli utenti la possibilità di aderire a un servizio e alla raccolta dati che ne deriva, nella maggior parte dei casi è sufficiente aggiungere una finestra di dialogo o attivare/disattivare le impostazioni prima di utilizzare il servizio.
Alcuni servizi, tuttavia, si avviano automaticamente quando inclusi in un'app. Per offrire agli utenti la possibilità di aderire prima di utilizzare tali servizi, puoi scegliere di disabilitare l'inizializzazione automatica per ciascun servizio e di inizializzarli manualmente in fase di esecuzione. Per scoprire come fare, leggi le guide qui sotto:
Messaggistica cloud:
impedisci l'inizializzazione automatica (Android)
o
impedisci l'inizializzazione automatica (iOS+)
Crashlytics:
attiva i report di attivazione (iOS+)
o
attiva i report di attivazione (Android)
Monitoraggio delle prestazioni:
attiva il monitoraggio opt-in
Se integri Firebase con Google Analytics, scopri come
configurare la raccolta dati di Analytics
.
Luoghi di archiviazione ed elaborazione dei dati
A meno che un servizio o una funzionalità non offra la selezione della posizione dei dati, Firebase può elaborare e archiviare i tuoi dati ovunque Google o i suoi agenti abbiano strutture. Le potenziali ubicazioni delle strutture variano in base al servizio.
Servizi solo negli Stati Uniti
Il servizio di autenticazione Firebase viene eseguito solo dai data center statunitensi. Di conseguenza, Firebase Authentication elabora i dati esclusivamente negli Stati Uniti.
Servizi globali
La maggior parte dei servizi Firebase viene eseguita sull'infrastruttura globale di Google. Potrebbero elaborare i dati in qualsiasi
sede di Google Cloud Platform
o
nei data center di Google
. Per alcuni servizi è possibile effettuare una specifica
selezione della posizione dei dati
che limita l'elaborazione a quella posizione.
Archiviazione nel cloud per Firebase
Cloud Fire Store
Funzioni cloud per Firebase
Hosting Firebase
Crashlytics di Firebase
Monitoraggio delle prestazioni di Firebase
Collegamenti dinamici Firebase
Configurazione remota Firebase
Messaggistica cloud Firebase
FirebaseML
Laboratorio di test Firebase
Controllo dell'app Firebase
Informazioni sulla sicurezza
Crittografia dei dati
I servizi Firebase crittografano i dati in transito utilizzando HTTPS e isolano logicamente i dati dei clienti.
Inoltre, diversi servizi Firebase crittografano anche i propri dati inattivi:
Cloud Fire Store
Funzioni cloud per Firebase
Archiviazione nel cloud per Firebase
Crashlytics di Firebase
Autenticazione Firebase
Messaggistica cloud Firebase
Database in tempo reale Firebase
Laboratorio di test Firebase
Controllo dell'app Firebase
Monitoraggio delle prestazioni di Firebase
Pratiche di sicurezza
Per mantenere i dati personali al sicuro, Firebase adotta ampie misure di sicurezza per ridurre al minimo l'accesso:
Firebase limita l'accesso a dipendenti selezionati che hanno lo scopo aziendale di accedere ai dati personali.
Firebase registra l'accesso dei dipendenti ai sistemi che contengono dati personali.
Firebase consente l'accesso ai dati personali solo ai dipendenti che accedono con l'accesso a Google e
l'autenticazione a 2 fattori
.
Dati del servizio Firebase
I dati del servizio Firebase sono informazioni personali che Google raccoglie e genera durante la fornitura e l'amministrazione dei servizi Firebase
*
, esclusi i dati del cliente
**
come definito nei nostri contratti con i clienti relativi ai servizi Firebase e
ai dati del servizio Google Cloud
. Esempi di dati di servizio Firebase includono informazioni sull'utilizzo del servizio, identificatori di risorse come ID applicazione e nome pacchetto/ID bundle, dettagli tecnici e operativi sull'utilizzo come indirizzi IP e comunicazioni dirette con gli sviluppatori da feedback e conversazioni relative al supporto.
*I servizi coperti includono Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Check, Firebase App Distribution, Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links, Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML, Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database, Firebase Configurazione remota e archiviazione della segmentazione degli utenti Firebase.
**Per ulteriori informazioni su come trattiamo i dati dei clienti, consulta i nostri
Termini per l'elaborazione e la sicurezza dei dati Firebase
.
Esempi di come i dati del servizio Firebase vengono elaborati da Firebase
Google utilizza i dati del servizio Firebase in conformità con la nostra
politica sulla privacy
e i termini applicabili. I dati del servizio Firebase vengono utilizzati, ad esempio, per:
Fornisci i servizi Firebase richiesti
Fornire consigli per ottimizzare l'uso dei servizi Firebase
Mantenere e migliorare i servizi Firebase
Fornire e migliorare altri servizi richiesti
Comprendi il tuo utilizzo di Firebase e di altri servizi Google
Fornire un supporto migliore e comunicare con te
Proteggi te, i nostri utenti, il pubblico e Google
Rispettare gli obblighi di legge
Utilizzo dei dati del servizio Firebase da parte di servizi Google non Firebase
Puoi controllare se i tuoi dati del servizio Firebase possono essere utilizzati da Google per fornire analisi, approfondimenti e consigli più approfonditi sui servizi Google
non Firebase
e migliorare i servizi Google
non Firebase
. Puoi configurarlo nella pagina delle impostazioni sulla privacy dei dati di Firebase.
Se questo controllo è disabilitato, i dati del servizio Firebase continueranno a essere utilizzati per altri scopi, come quelli sopra menzionati, in conformità con la nostra
politica sulla privacy
e i termini applicabili, incluso per fornire consigli e migliorare i servizi
Firebase
e per fornire e migliorare altri i servizi richiesti, ad esempio i prodotti Google collegati al tuo progetto Firebase.
Hai ancora domande? Contattaci
Per qualsiasi domanda relativa alla privacy non trattata qui,
contatta l'assistenza Firebase
. Se sei uno sviluppatore Firebase, includi il tuo ID app Firebase. Trova il tuo ID app Firebase nella scheda Le
tue app
delle
settings
Impostazioni progetto
.
Invia feedback
Salvo quando diversamente specificato, i contenuti di questa pagina sono concessi in base alla
licenza Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
, mentre gli esempi di codice sono concessi in base alla
licenza Apache 2.0
. Per ulteriori dettagli, consulta le
norme del sito di Google Developers
. Java è un marchio registrato di Oracle e/o delle sue consociate.
Ultimo aggiornamento 2024-03-20 UTC.
Info
Chat