PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated 20-jan-2025
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Squats Fitness
        Private Limited, doing business as Fittr (“
Fittr
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your
        right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our
        policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information,
        please contact us at
support@fittr.com
, or reach out to our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@fittr.com
, whose contact details are listed at the end of this policy.
The use of our Platform which includes Fittr Mobile Application
        (hereinafter referred to as “Mobile Application”) and Internet pages of
        Fittr Website – [
www.fittr.com
] (hereinafter referred to as "Website") and our related Websites,
        platforms, Applications, Services, Products and content (together with
        the Mobile Application and Website, collectively referred to as
        “Services”) is possible without any indication of personal data;
        however, if a data subject wants to use our services via our website or
        mobile application, processing of personal data could become necessary.
        If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no
        statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from
        the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail
        address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in
        accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and published in
        accordance with the provisions of Rule 4 of the
Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures
          and sensitive personal data or information) Rules, 2011
and
The General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) applicable to Fittr. By means of these data protection
        declarations, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of
        the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and
        process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data
        protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
When you visit our website, mobile application, and use our services,
        you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very
        seriously. In this privacy policy, we
seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we
        collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We
        hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is
        important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not
        agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites or Apps and our services
        and/or you may disagree to provide any further information to us.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our
        website (such as
www.fittr.com
), mobile application, ("
Apps
"), chat applications like Whatsapp, social media accounts, email
        survey forms and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we
        refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "
Services
").
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make
        informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT
        ACCESS THE WEBSITE/MOBILE APPLICATION.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM
        YOU?
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information you provide
In Short:
We collect certain personal information necessary to provide you
          services, when you create an account with us.
We collect personal information such as your name and email address
          when you create an account with us.
We require certain personal information to provide you products or
          services such as
- your birth date, gender, phone number, mailing address;
- your weight, height, lifestyle, food preferences, nutrition data,
            workouts, physical activity, photographs, medical conditions, health goals, steps, sleep data, oxygen saturation (SPO2) data, Heart Rate and variations (HRV), Respiratory rate, Resting Heart Rate (RHR), body temperature, activity data, calories or other fitness regimes and health-related information as our services and products are further developed;
Apple App Transparency API:
We ask users for explicit consent via Apple App Transparency API and
          if the user denies the access, then we do not track the users on the
          Fittr App and we will not ask the users to give their consent at any
          point.
Your Contributions.
Information and content, you provide. We collect the content,
          communications and other information you provide when you use our
          Products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share
          content, and message or communicate with others. This can include any
          information in or about the content (including without limitation, any
          text, information, graphics, messages, photos, images, location of a
          photo, the date a file was created, nutritional information
          contributed to the Food Database and works of authorship kind), data,
          questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including
          personally identifiable information that you upload, send, email,
          display, perform, distribute, post or otherwise transmit to us, at our
          request or on your own, on, or through the Services (such as message
          boards, recipe logging), whether in connection with your use of the
          Services or through the use of any Third Party Websites or Third Party
          Services or otherwise, and whether publicly posted or privately
          transmitted.
Your Messages.
We store messages, photos, videos and documents from your chats on our
          servers so that you can access your chat data from any of your devices
          anytime without having to rely on third-party backups. All data is
          stored encrypted. Our developers do not access the user data.
Payment Data
. We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make
          purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit
          card number), and the security code associated with your payment
          instrument. All payment data is stored by Cashfree, RazorPay, PayPal,
          Payglocal, Juspay and Stripe.
Information automatically collected
In Short:
Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device
          characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our
          Services or Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or
        navigate the Services through our Apps or Website. This information does
        not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact
        information) but may include device and usage information, such as your
        IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system,
        language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location,
        information about how and when you use our Services or Apps and other
        technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain
        the security and operation of our Services or Apps, and for our internal
        analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and
        similar technologies.
Information collected through our Apps
In Short:
We may collect information regarding your geo-location, mobile
          device, push notifications, when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:
Geo-Location Information.
We may request access or permission to and track location-based
              information from your mobile device, either continuously or while
              you are using our mobile application, to provide location-based
              services like tagging your location to a post. If you wish to
              change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s
              settings.
Mobile Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your
              mobile device, including your
Mobile device’s storage
to read & write videos, pictures & pdf files from the
                  device,
Contacts
to find your connections who are already using our
                  services,
Camera
to capture images & videos to provide services,
Record Audio
to capture audio while recording a video or live video
              streaming,
Social media accounts
to login to your Fittr account.
Data about health from iOS HealthKit, Health app and Google
              Fit.
The Fittr App (“App”) makes use of Apple’s HealthKit and your
              HealthKit information. If you grant our App access to HealthKit,
              our App can read information such as Steps and Sleep data, from
              HealthKit. Your unique health data you choose to send from
              HealthKit (including sleep and steps) is not accessible by the
              Fittr App and is not transferred by Fittr App to any third parties
              for marketing or advertising and not used by Fittr to track the
              users in any way other than specified in this Privacy Policy. Our
              App cannot write data to HealthKit. You can remove Apple HealthKit
              read access to Fittr App at any time inside the Apple Health
              app.
We handle all iOS Health app and HealthKit data in accordance
              with Apple's development guidelines. To view Apple's HealthKit
              developer guidelines, go to
https://developer.apple.com/app-store/review/guidelines/#health-and-health-research
.
We handle Google Fit data in accordance with Google Fit Terms of
              Service. To view Google Fit Terms of Service go to
https://developers.google.com/fit/terms
.
We handle Google Health Connect data in accordance with Google Health Connect
                Permissions policy. To view Google Health Connect Permissions policy go to
https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/12991134?hl=en
.
If you wish to change any of our access or permissions, you may do so
        in your device’s settings. However, revoking these permissions may
        prevent you from using all or some of the functionality of our
        services.
Mobile Device Data.
We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile
          device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version
          information and IP address.
Push Notifications.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account
or
the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these
          types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s
          settings.
Messages via messaging apps:
We may request to send you notifications via Whatsapp and/or other
          messaging apps. If you wish to opt out from receiving communications
          on your chat applications, you may decline/disagree when prompted on
          our platform.
Data/Information collected on our App via wearable device/s (FITTR HART)
A. Heart rate
Since the HART ring is worn on the finger, the heart rate calculated by HART's optical sensors is collected.
B. Sleep
HART’s sleep algorithm uses a combination of movement and Heart Rate Variability to provide insights into the user’s sleep and is able to calculate the User’s sleep stages with a 70% agreement to a clinical PSG.
C. Heart Rate Variance (HRV)
HRV calculated by HART is at 200Hz, which is the  information about the state of your heart and how it’s being affected by the activities that you do.
D. Calories
Calories is a complex algorithm that HART’s team has custom designed which uses both movement and cardiac information to decode your MET values.
E. Blood Oxygen
HART is similarly capable of measuring blood oxygen in this way, with sensors specifically calibrated to monitor your blood oxygen levels throughout the day.
F. Skin Temperature
HART measures the temperature of the skin at the base of the finger. Although skin temperature cannot accurately determine your true body temperature, variations in it can indicate important aspects about your body. For example, if someone notices a sudden increase in their skin temperature, it could indicate an oncoming fever.
G. Steps and Activity
HART boasts a specialized processor designed specifically for motion capture, providing crucial insights into steps taken and overall activity levels. This technology allows the ring to track every move that the wearer makes with precision and accuracy. The cutting-edge algorithm is capable of automatically detecting specific movements, such as walking, running, or exercising, and records data at a more frequent interval, resulting in highly precise calculations of caloric expenditure for each activity.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business
          interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with
          our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Services or Apps for a
        variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal
        information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business
        interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with
        your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We
        indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose
        listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process.
If you choose to link your account with us to a third-party account
          *(such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you
          allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account
          creation and logon process for the performance of the contract. See
          the section below headed "
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS
" for further information.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We and/or our third-party marketing partners, after taking explicit
          consent from you, may use the personal information you send to us such
          as name and email for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance
          with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing
          emails at any time (see the "
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
" below).
To send administrative information to you.
We may use your personal information to send you product, service and
          new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms,
          conditions, and policies.
To track your nutrition intake, weight and fitness routine.
Fittr Coaches require information about your eating habits, changes
          in your body weight and your fitness regime to craft a personalised
          Nutrition and Training Plans and to monitor your progress.
Fulfill and manage your orders.
We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders,
          payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Services or Apps to
          deliver products to you, including through our delivery partners.
To post testimonials.
We post testimonials on our Services or Apps that may contain personal
          information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your
          consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or
          delete your testimonial, please contact us at
support@fittr.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact
          information.
Administer prize draws and competitions.
We may use your information to administer prize draws and
          competitions when you elect to participate in competitions.
Request Feedback.
We may use your information to request feedback via
          calls/emails/survey tools and to contact you about your use of our
          Services or Apps.
To protect our Services.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our
          Services or Apps safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring
          and prevention).
To enable user-to-user communications.
We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user
          communications with each user's consent.
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for Business Purposes,
          Legal Reasons and Contractual.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm.
If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to
          inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
To manage user accounts
. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our
          account and keeping it in working order.
To deliver services to the user.
We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any
          potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
For Marketing, Publicity & Promotions.
Fittr may also publish User’s name, voice, likeness and other Personal
          Information that is part of User’s User Content, and Fittr may use the
          content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing,
          publicity and promotional activities, provided that Fittr will not
          exercise such rights as to any User Content which identifies User in a
          public manner unless User provides a separate consent to Fittr in
          writing (email is sufficient) authorizing such use. For full terms and
          conditions regarding User Content User submits to the Service, please
          review
Fittr’s Terms & Conditions
.
Fittr or others may store, display, reproduce, publish, distribute or
        otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format
        (currently existing or hereafter developed) and may or may not attribute
        it to User. Others may have access to this User Content and may have the
        ability to share it with third parties. Please think carefully before
        deciding what information User shares, including Personal Information,
        in connection with User’s User Content. Be aware that public postings
        are not confidential. Please note that Fittr does not control who will
        have access to the information that User chooses to make public and
        cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available
        information will respect User’s privacy or keep it secure. Fittr is not
        responsible for the privacy or security of any information that User
        makes publicly available on the Service, the Mobile App or Website or
        what others do with information User shares with them on the Mobile App
        and Website. Fittr is not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of
        any User Content that User discloses or receives from third parties
        through the Service.
For other Business Purposes.
We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data
          analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of
          our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Services or
          Apps, products, marketing and your experience. We may use and store
          this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not
          associated with individual end users and does not include personal
          information. We will not use identifiable personal information without
          your consent.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to
          provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill
          business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent:
We
process your sensitive personal data or information if you have given
          us specific consent to use it for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests:
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve
          our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract:
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your
          personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations:
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do
          so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a
          judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in
          response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to
          public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement
          requirements).
Vital Interests:
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to
          investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of
          our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats
          to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in
          litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your
        personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers,
          contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and
          require access to such information to do that work. Examples include:
          Fittr Coaches’, Registered Medical Practitioners, payment processing, data analysis, email delivery,
          delivery partners, hosting services and marketing efforts. We may
          allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the
          Services or Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you
          interact with the Services or Apps over time. This information may be
          used to, among other things, analyse and track data, determine the
          popularity of certain content and better understand online activity.
          Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade
          any of your information with third parties for their promotional
          purposes. We have contracts in place with our data processors, which
          are designed to help safeguard your personal information. This means
          that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we
          have instructed them to do it. They will also not share your personal
          information with any organization apart from us. They also commit to
          protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the
          period we instruct.
Other Users.
When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments,
          contributions or other content to the Services) or otherwise interact
          with public areas of the Services, such personal information may be
          viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the
          Services in perpetuity. If you interact with other users of the
          Website/Mobile Application, those users may see your name, profile
          photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending
          invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts,
          posting comments, posting reviews, following Forums.
Online Postings.
When you post comments, contributions or other content to the
          Website/Mobile Application, your posts may be viewed by all users and
          may be publicly distributed outside the Website/Mobile Application in
          perpetuity.
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or
          during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing,
          or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another
          company.
Third-Party Advertisers.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you
          visit the Services or Apps. These companies may use information about
          your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in
          web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide
          advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Offer Wall.
Our Apps may display an offer wall (“FitShop”). Such an offer wall
          allows us to offer gifts, or other third-party items to users in
          return for exchange of virtual currency (“FitCoin”). Such an offer
          wall may appear in our website and mobile application and be displayed
          to you based on certain data, such as your geographic area or
          demographic information. When a user redeems any products from the
          offer wall, the user's name, address and phone number is shared with
          the third party to deliver the products redeemed by the user through
          the offer wall.
Third-party Websites.
The Website/Mobile Application may contain links to third-party
          websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and
          external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used
          these links to leave the Website/Mobile Application, any information
          you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy
          Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your
          information. Before visiting and providing any information to any
          third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy
          policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for
          that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your
          discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not
          responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and
          policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or
          applications that may be linked to or from the Website/Mobile
          Application.
WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?
In Short:
We only share information with the following third parties.
We only share and disclose your information with the following third
        parties. We have categorized each party so that you may easily
        understand the purpose of our data collection and processing practices.
        If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to
        revoke your consent, please contact us using the contact details
        provided in the section below titled
"HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?"
.
Cloud Computing Services
Amazon Web Services (AWS) (
Privacy Policy
) (
GDPR Compliance
)
Communicate and Chat with Users
Zendesk Chat (
Privacy Policy
) (
GDPR Compliance
)
Whatsapp (Privacy Policy)
Google Forms (Privacy Policy)
Invoice and Billing
PayPal (
Privacy Policy
) (
GDPR Compliance
)
Stripe (
Privacy Policy
) (
GDPR Compliance
)
RazorPay (
Privacy Policy
)
CashFree (
Privacy Policy
)
Paytm (
Privacy Policy
)
Payglocal (
Privacy Policy
)
Juspay (
Privacy Policy
)
Bulk Mail Service
Mailchimp (
Privacy Policy
) (
GDPR Compliance
)
Mailgun (
Privacy Policy
) (
GDPR Compliance
)
Sendy (
Privacy Policy
)
User Account Registration and Authentication
Facebook Login
Google Sign-In
Sign in with Apple (
Privacy Policy
)
Web and Mobile Analytics
Google Analytics (
Privacy Policy
) (
GDPR Compliance
)
CleverTap (
Privacy Policy
) (
GDPR Compliance
)
AI-bot to Answer User Queries
ChatGPT (
Privacy Policy
) (
Terms of Use
) (
API data usage policies
)
App Testing
TestFlight
Google Play Console
Planning Nutrition & Fitness Plan
FITTR Coach
Manage App
FITTR Admins
FITTR HART API
Avantari Technologies Private Limited
Spren
Lab Test Reports
Healthians (
Privacy Policy
)
Registered Medical Practitioners
AI Tools
OpenAI (
Privacy Policy
) (
Data Processing Addendum
)
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and
          store your information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
You can visit our website without giving away your personal
        information. We may use cookies, Google Analytics, web beacons, tracking
        pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Website/Mobile
        Application to help customize the Website/Mobile Application and improve
        your experience and analyse how the Website/Mobile Application is used.
        The information collected by Google Analytics is anonymous Traffic Data
        on the website. We do not collect any additional information such as
        name, age, gender, etc upon your usage of the Website without the need
        to create an account.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies
        through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet
        browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
        Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an
        Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all
        popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting
        of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our
        website may be entirely usable.
For more information on how we use cookies, please refer to our Cookie
        Policy posted on the Website/Mobile Application, which is incorporated
        into this Privacy Policy. By using the Website/Mobile Application, you
        agree to be bound by our Cookie Policy.
Website Analytics
We may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google
        Analytics, to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on
        the Website through the use of first party cookies and third-party
        cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the
        Site, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand
        online activity. By accessing the Website, you consent to the collection
        and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are
        encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for
        responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to
        these third-party vendors. However, If you do not want any information
        to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can find The
        Google Analytics privacy policy
here
.
You can learn more about how to opt-out of tracking in Google
        Analytics
here
or
Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool
or
Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool
.
You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new
        browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering
        your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies,
        plug-ins, or settings.
DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
In Short:
Yes, we use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better
          service.
This website and mobile application uses Google Maps APIs. You may find
        the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service
here
. To better understand Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this
link
.
By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google’s
        Terms of Service.
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short:
If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social
          media account, we may have access to certain information about
          you.
Our Services or Apps offer you the ability to register and login using
        your third-party social media account details (like your Facebook or
        Google logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain
        profile information about you from your social media provider. The
        profile Information we receive may vary depending on the social media
        provider concerned, but will often include your name, e-mail address,
        friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to
        make public.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are
        described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you
        on the Services or Apps. Please note that we do not control, and are not
        responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your
        third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their
        privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your
        personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on
        their sites and apps.
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short:
We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries
          other than your own.
All web servers and hosting are managed by our team using Amazon Web
        Services in EU Region. This includes website hosting, backups, web
        database, file storage, APIs, and log files. Amazon’s privacy policy can
        be found here:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
.
If you are accessing our Services or Apps from outside EU Region,
        please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and
        processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom
        we may share your personal information (see "
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
" above), in India, and other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these
        countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as
        those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to
        protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy
        and applicable law.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the
          purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by
          law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is
        necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a
        longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax,
        accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will
        require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period
        of time in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
        personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this
        is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been
        stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal
        information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is
        possible.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of
          organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented an appropriate Information Security Management
        System (ISMS) designed to protect the security of any personal
        information we process. This ISMS is established and managed in
        alignment with global best practices and certified towards ISO
        27001:2013 standard. The system is subject to strong controls including
        ongoing monitoring, periodic security testing, internal/external audits
        and verifications. However, please also remember that we cannot
        guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do
        our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal
        information to and from our Services or Apps is at your own risk. You
        should only access the services within a secure environment.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18
          years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18
        years of age. By using the Services or Apps, you represent that you are
        at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and
        consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services or Apps. If we
        learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has
        been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable
        measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become
        aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please
        contact us at
support@fittr.com
.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights
          that allow you greater access to and control over your personal
          information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any
          time.
Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures
          and sensitive personal data or information) Rules, 2011
permits our users who are Indian residents and
The General Data Protection Regulation
(EU) permits our users who are EU residents the right to review or amend
        the Sensitive Personal Data or Information (SPDI) and give the
        information provider an option to retract consent at any point of time,
        in relation to the information that has been so provided.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain
        rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the
        right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal
        information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict
        the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to
        data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right
        to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a
        request, please use the
contact details
provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance
        with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information,
        you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note
        however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing
        before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we
        are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the
        right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority.
        You can find their contact details here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
Account Information:
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in
          your account or terminate your account, you can:
Log into your account settings and update your user
              account.
Contact us using the contact information provided
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate
              or delete your account and information from our active databases.
              However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent
              fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations,
              enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you
          prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies
          and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject
          cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our
          Services or Apps. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by
          advertisers on our Services or Apps visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
Opting out of email marketing:
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by
          clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by
          contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be
          removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to
          send you service-related emails that are necessary for the
          administration and use of your account. To otherwise opt-out, you
          may:
Note your preferences when you register an account with the
              site.
Access your account settings and update preferences.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Google forms
: We also collect data through Google Forms and our surveys are
              designed to be anonymous. However, respondents should be aware
              that in responding to surveys, they could be disclosing
              information that could make them personally identifiable to Fittr.
              Respondents to surveys should be aware that they alone are
              responsible for the content of their responses.
We are specifically collecting information from our respondents
              so that we can better serve each of you and the Fittr community as
              a whole. We map the feedback given by you through these surveys to
              our internal variables in order to enhance our services provided
              to you. This information is for our internal purposes only and
              will not be shared with outside parties without your consent. We
              do ensure that only authorised people within the organisation have
              access to the personal data harvested from Google Forms and they
              respect the company’s code of conduct regarding data protection.
For more details on terms of use & privacy policy practices of
        Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page at
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile
        applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can
        activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your
        online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform
        technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has
        been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser
        signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your
        choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is
        adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that
        practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with
          relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated
        version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated
        version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make
        material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by
        prominently posting a policy of such changes or by directly sending you
        a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy
        frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your
        information.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact
        our Data Protection Officer (DPO), by email at
dpo@fittr.com
, or by post to:
Squats Fitness Private Limited
411, Platinum Square,
Viman Nagar, Pune,
MAHARASHTRA 411014
India
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to
        request access to the personal information we collect from you, change
        that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to
        review, update, or delete your personal information, please visit:
support@fittr.com
. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 1
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
February 4, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
or by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
Overview
Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
How is Personal Information used?
Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
Your Data Protection Rights
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
Can Children Use Our Services?
Definitions
Our Contact Information
CCPA California Notice at Collection
US Consumer Privacy Notice
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on February 13, 2025
Overview
PayPal, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”) provides this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Information when you use your PayPal account, Xoom account, visit our websites, or apply for, or use our Services, like Braintree and Zettle. This Privacy Statement does not apply to Excluded Services, such as Venmo and Hyperwallet.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in the
Definitions
section below.
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time and there is an upcoming change described on the
Policy Updates
or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date.
For most of our Services, we act as a “data controller” or “business”, however there are some products and features where PayPal may also act as a “data processor” or “service provider” when providing services to our Partners and Merchants.  The “data controller” or “business” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that has the control over the purposes and means by which the data processing is performed.  The “data processor” or “service provider” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that processes the Personal Information for the data controller, for the data controller’s specific purposes, and as otherwise permitted under applicable data protection laws.
Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal or Xoom account. We will collect Personal Information from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay Without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g., Braintree and Zettle), use a Fastlane profile, or when a non-accountholder receives a payment through the Visa+ service from a PayPal account holder (“Recipient”). If you Pay Without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create a PayPal account later.
With a Fastlane profile, individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Information with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster,  create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partner or Merchant, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Information each time they checkout ("Fastlane").
When you create a Fastlane profile, you are agreeing to let PayPal store your Personal Information, including your name, email, phone number, address information, billing information and payment method details, and other data that may be relevant to specific Partner or Merchant interactions, and pre-populate that information in the checkout flows or other interactive features of participating Partners and Merchants so that you can  enjoy a faster Partner and Merchant experience by not having to manually input  your payment or other information. We will also collect transaction and other Partner or Merchant data related to your purchases and other Partner or Merchant interactions when you use Fastlane. If you have a Fastlane profile, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on the participating Partners’ and Merchants’ sites, and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as registering for a store or loyalty account using your Fastlane profile information. If you choose to interact with participating Partners or Merchants through Fastlane, you agree to let PayPal disclose your Fastlane profile information to the Participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and to facilitate your transaction and shopping experience on the participating Partners and Merchants sites.
The Visa+ Service enables eligible customers with a PayPal account to send and receive money to and from Venmo and third-party Visa+-enabled digital wallets (“Visa+”).
When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner or Merchant may disclose Personal Information with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Categories of Personal Information collected
from you
, including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Personal Identifiers
: Such as Name, Business Name, Address, Phone Number, Email, IP address, Device Information, Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies, other information necessary to establish an account or profile.
Records and Financial Information
: Such as, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, amount you send or request, other financial information.
Transaction and Experience Information
: Such as online shopping cart information, shopping activity and goods or services considered on Partners and Merchants sites, shipping options and associated costs when you check out, purchase history, and order tracking and product information.
Geolocation
: We may collect IP-based geolocation data and Global Positioning System (GPS) with your consent during your user experience or based on your mobile application settings.
Internet or network activity
: interactions with our Services, Information about response time for web pages, download errors, date and time when you used the service, Location Information, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Biometric
: When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification, photo identification, or face scans to verify your identity and authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including, for example, verify your identity and authenticate you to meet regulatory requirements or before you access accounts and Services, recover passwords, update profile info, manage payments and payment methods, lift account limitations, and initiate cryptocurrency transfers.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
: Call recordings when you talk to customer service.
Professional or employment information:
including business information, job title, contact emails, phone numbers and taxpayer ID numbers.
Imported Contact Information:
including name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts.
PayPal Account Profile Information:
username, profile picture, gender, or personal description which you add that may include sensitive personal information. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us:
Your response to surveys, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification, Information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Inferred data:
We may infer information about you such as your preferences and shopping behavior, based on your transactions and interactions with our Services or with our Partners and Merchants.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications:
including age or date of birth, national origin, disability, citizenship, military status.
Sensitive Personal Information:
Social Security number, government-issued identification, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, voice identification and Photo IDs or Precise Geolocation.
Information from your device:
including, language settings, browser ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies.
We may also obtain the above categories of Personal Information from the following
categories of sources
:
Excluded Services including Venmo and PayPal Honey.
Third parties: Service Providers, Partners and Merchants, Payment Partners, such as card networks and payment processors, Credit Reporting Agencies, Government Entities, Data Brokers, and Financial Institutions.
Linked Accounts: Non-financial or financial accounts you agree to link to PayPal, such as social network accounts, mail accounts or for open banking. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your linked accounts at any time. If you choose to link these accounts or share such information with us, we will periodically collect and process it until you unlink the account.
Third Party Applications: Applications that you choose to use for example, the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, or social networking sites.
How is Personal Information used?
We may process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, including to provide our Services, for security and fraud prevention and to comply with law. We may also use personal data to participate in certain features, that while not necessary for use of the Services, may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, personalize content and offers, targeted advertising, or connecting to a third-party platform. Some of these features may be offered with an opt-out, or require your consent to enable.
We may collect Personal Information to:
Provide our Services
: such as to help you send, receive or request money, initiate a payment, add monetary value to an account, pay a bill, administer your purchases, display shipping options and associated costs when you check out, show you your Fastlane profile, account and payment information, send and receive Visa+ transactions, to assess your creditworthiness in connection with our Services, confirm your identity and your contact information, to authenticate your access to your account or Fastlane profile and to confirm your account or profile and financial information is accurate and up to date. For Visa+, we will receive the recipient's name and payment information from Visa and third-party Visa+ participating digital wallets for the purpose of processing and matching Visa+ payment transactions between participating digital wallets and PayPal. If you are using Fastlane, we will also use your Personal Information and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorized by you and likely to be successfully authorized by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile.
Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services
: For buyers using our Zettle services (including Venmo Tap to Pay), you may choose to provide us your contact details so that we can send you digital receipts. If you provide your e-mail address or mobile number to a Partner or Merchant who uses Zettle, we may remember your details for the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses Zettle in its physical store, if you use the same payment card. This is regardless of whether if you have previously bought something from this Merchant or not. This means that your e-mail address or mobile number will be pre-filled in the receipt view for your convenience the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses Zettle in its physical store.
Manage and improve our Services:
for example, to develop new products and features, for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes.
Manage fraud and risk
: We conduct risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management to protect our customers and business, including fraud that involves our Partners and Merchants and strategic ventures.
Associate information about you:
if you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g., Pay Without a PayPal account), we may associate such transactions with your PayPal account if you have one or later establish an account.
If you use one of the following Services: Fastlane, Venmo, and PayPal Honey; we may associate information about your transactions and experiences using these Services to personalize content and offers and improve your use of the PayPal services.
Market our Services
: We may use Personal Information to market our Services including where we partner with others to offer similar services to market about our Partners and Merchants. We use Personal Information,
including when we associate information about you,
to better understand and cater to your interests.
Communicate with you
: We may contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Comply with Laws:
to comply with applicable laws and rules and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our Services.
Process information about your contacts:
to make it easy for you to find and connect them, improve payment accuracy and suggest connections with people you may know.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
Create an account connection between your account and a third-party account or platform
: such as with a social media account or a financial institution in connection with your participation in Open Banking.
Send you locally relevant options
: If you agree to let us track your precise location, we can customize our Services by using the right language and personalizing content such as providing location-based options, functionality or offers, ads and search results.
Even if you don’t allow us to track your location, we may still use your address to send you location-based options recommended by businesses that are near to your address.
Develop product recommendations
: We may use insights from purchases and other behaviors on our and our Partner or Merchant websites or apps to develop product recommendations about products, brands, sizes, preferences and styles that we provide to our Partners and Merchants so that they can recommend relevant products to you.
Remember your preferences
: We may remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
Personalize your experience
: When you use Services, as well as other third-party sites and services, we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See our
Cookie Statement
for more details.
Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties for money or share your Personal Information for cross context behavioral advertising, including any sensitive personal information.
However, we may disclose customer insights, product recommendations, sizes, and preferences to Partners and Merchants to help them and us improve your shopping experience to make it more convenient and personalized for you.
If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants through Fastlane, we will disclose your Fastlane profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction on participating Partners and Merchants sites.
We will also disclose your Personal Information with third parties to help us provide Services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose your sensitive personal information as appropriate to carry out legitimate business activities allowed by law.
Read more about our sharing practices below.
In addition, we may disclose Personal Information with the following categories of third parties:
Excluded Services
, including Venmo to provide you with the Services, personalize your use of the Services, to manage our business; or with PayPal Honey to manage our Rewards program.
Authorities
, if compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure; when it is necessary to do so to comply with law; or where the disclosure of Personal Information is reasonably necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of the relevant agreement, or as otherwise required by law that requires PayPal or Excluded Services to respond. Such authorities include courts, governments, law enforcement, and regulators. We may also be required to provide other third parties information about your use of our Services, for example to comply with card association rules, to investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement or to prevent physical harm or illegal activity.
Other financial institutions
, to jointly offer a product, such as PayPal Credit, PayPal Savings, PayPal Cashback Mastercard and PayPal Extra Mastercard.
Card networks and payment processors,
to facilitate payment processing or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions with Fastlane, your Personal Information will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider.
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud.
Credit reporting and debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency.
Service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations.
Other PayPal Account Holders to complete a transaction
. Some Personal Information is disclosed to other PayPal account holders as required to complete a payment transaction. This includes your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, and phone number.
Other Users in accordance with your account settings
. In accordance with your
account settings
or PayPal.Me preferences, your Personal Information can be seen by other account holders and non-account holders (“Users”) to help facilitate a transaction. For example, as part of the send money feature, a User may search for your account to initiate a payment. Based on your account settings, the information shown to other Users may include your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, phone number, city and state, month and year of PayPal account creation, and any additional information you include in the details or “about you” section of your account.
Other Users if you have a business profile
.  If you have a business profile, we will display a payment link and disclose certain information about you to other Users, including your name or business name, profile picture or logo, and the city associated with your PayPal account, as well as total time selling with us, total number of followers, and total number of unique Users that have paid you in the past year.
If you have a business profile, you can choose to display other information to other Users, such as your street address, phone number, email and website, in accordance with your business profile settings.
Linked accounts
, for example any social media accounts you asked us to link or when you link an account with another bank or
financial institutions,
card account, or aggregator
in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, so we can check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account.
Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users using the Services, pay Recipients using Visa+, or return goods we may disclose information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. We may also disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions.  For example, when you visit a participating Partner or Merchant site or app, the Partner or Merchant can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process.
For our PayPal customers
, we may disclose your Personal Information to Partners and Merchants that you and we interact with, to help ourselves and Partners and Merchants personalize services and offers so you can have a better and more relevant experience.  Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, sizes, preferences, and styles we think you’ll like.
Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we disclose Personal Information collected you after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences.
To opt-out of disclosures or Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting.
If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate, but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchant for personalized shopping experiences.
Please note
that Personal Information disclosed to Partners and Merchants (or their
service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners' and Merchants' own privacy policies and
procedures. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of Partners and Merchants.
Other third parties
, for example we disclose Personal Information to advertising platforms at your direction, or security service providers to help prevent unauthorized access to our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the Personal Information that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. We may also use Google Address Autofill to ensure accuracy of your address. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the Personal Information you share with them.
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
,
for example if we are involved in a merger, a purchase or sale of all or part of our business or assets, including receivables and debts, we may disclose, under appropriate data protection terms, your Personal Information to an interested or actual buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Information may also be disclosed.
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or is permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Information used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years, unless we need to keep it longer, such as:
a legal obligation or compliance with laws to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations
litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
We retain biometric data for as long as needed or permitted given the purpose for which it was collected and no more than 3 years after your account closes, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “Cookies”) to recognize you as a user, customize your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Services.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and generate inferences as described above.
You can disable or decline some Cookies for our Services. But, since some parts of our service rely on Cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use.
Some web browsers have an optional setting called “Do Not Track” (DNT) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won’t function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings.
If you want to know more about how we use cookies, please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
. To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit
About Ads
.
Your Data Protection Rights
Your rights to access, correction, deletion, and restriction to use or share your Personal Information.
Under applicable data protection law, depending upon the jurisdiction in which you reside and subject to applicable exceptions and definitional differences among various state laws, you may have certain rights about how your Personal Information is collected, stored, used and shared.
We recognize the importance of your ability to control the use of your Personal Information and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know your information), right to know third-parties to which we have disclosed Personal Information, correction, deletion (erasure), and to restrict certain information (right to opt-out of sharing and right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information).
Certain state laws also provide residents of those states with the right to opt out of the “sale” (disclosing Personal Information in exchange for money or other consideration) or “sharing” (disclosing Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising) of your Personal Information or use of your Personal Information for certain types of targeted advertising.  Global Privacy Control settings is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising. PayPal does not respond to the Global Privacy Control signal because we do not sell or share your data.
We will not deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights; although, certain personalized services for PayPal customers may not provide the same level of personalization with limited data sharing. If you are a California resident, learn more about how we handle your
Privacy Rights
.
How do you exercise your rights?
If you, or an authorized agent where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information,
contact us
or submit your request from your account settings. If you have a PayPal account, you can exercise your privacy rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from account settings in the PayPal app.
If you, or an authorized agent where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information in your Fastlane profile,
contact us
or submit your request from your Fastlane profile management portal.
Even if you do not have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, correction, or deletion of your Personal Information by contacting us at the number provided in our
Contact Information
section.
We’ll first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. We may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will compare the information you submit against our internal business records to verify your identity. If we can’t verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your request. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process.
Your
right to request a copy of the Personal Information
. If you want to request the data we’ve collected about you in the past 12 months, you have choices:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and submit a request
Call or contact us
and request that we provide you with the data we’ve collected.
Your right
to correct your Personal Information:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and correct any information that you've previously added. For example, you can edit your addresses in your settings
Call or contact us
and request that we correct specific information
Your right
to delete your Personal Information:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and delete any information that you've previously added. For example, you may delete your non-primary addresses in your settings
Call us or contact us
and request that we delete specific information
Close your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile
If you close your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile, or request that we delete Personal Information, we still need to keep some Personal Information as explained in
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information
section so we can:
Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Protect your (or another person’s) legal rights, including the right to free speech
Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our Services
Comply with laws and other legal or governmental processes
California also offers a right to opt out of “Selling” and “Sharing” Personal Information. The Global Privacy Control setting is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their personal information. PayPal does not respond to these settings because we do not sell or share data. Some personal information collected, processed, or disclosed by a financial institution are subject to federal laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Consumers may read our
Consumer Privacy Notice
for more information about their rights under US federal law.
Understanding your choices
You can control how Personal Information is collected or disclosed, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices.
Choose how we collect Personal Information
You may choose to limit the Personal Information you provide when our apps or Services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it’s important to understand that Personal Information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some Personal Information is required for our Services to function.
For example, sharing your contacts helps make it easier for you to find the people you want to send money to. If you choose not to share your contacts with us, you can still use our mobile apps, but some actions may not be as fast or easy as it would be if you shared your contacts. Another example is creating an account or Fastlane profile with us. If you choose not to provide information that is required for an account or Fastlane profile to function, like your name and email address, we will not be able to create an account or Fastlane profile for you.
Choose how linked accounts collect and use Personal Information
If you link your account to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your Personal Information is collected, used, and shared by them. Read the third parties’ privacy policies to see the choices they offer you.
You can control which third-party services you link to your account and what Personal Information they can collect about you. For example, to manage the permissions, go to the Security settings in your PayPal account.
Choose what we disclose with other Users
Some Personal Information may be seen by other Users. You may be able to adjust or turn off this setting in the Data and Privacy section in your account settings.
Choose what we share with Partners and Merchants for Personalized Shopping
Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we share Personal Information collected after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences. Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, preferences, sizes, and styles we think you’ll like. To opt-out of Personal Information sharing with Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting. If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences.
Choose how we communicate with you
Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts or Fastlane profile with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone calls or paper mail depending on the situation and your preferences.
You can click the unsubscribe link in a PayPal or Fastlane marketing email, opt-out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account’s notification settings or the notification preferences on your device.
You won’t be able to opt-out of messages that are considered necessary for the Services, such as digital receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account or Fastlane profile's status. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account/Fastlane profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Information that we share with a third-party based on a linked account connection that you have authorized.
Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Information, from children under the age of 13 or other individuals who are not legally allowed to use our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
We do not sell to third parties for money, or share Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age, for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising.
Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device.
Excluded Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates, or subsidiaries of PayPal, who process Personal Information in accordance with their own terms of service and separate privacy statements. Examples include Venmo, Honey Science LLC, Chargehound LLC, Hyperwallet, Simility, Swift Financial LLC, and Bill Me Later, Inc
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partners and Merchants means our partners and the merchants, partners or businesses that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay Without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services. Pay Without a PayPal account does not include Venmo, which is subject to its own terms of service and separate privacy statement.
PayPal means PayPal, Inc. which offers PayPal, Xoom, Unbranded Payment Services, and Fastlane profile services.
Personal Information in this Privacy Statement means information about you, including your identity, finances and online behavior.
Sell under California law is defined as the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Services means any PayPal, Unbranded Payment Services, Pay Without a PayPal account, Fastlane, Xoom, Zettle (including Tap to Pay), bill pay, Rewards, sending or receiving money, credit products and services, including those offered with our Partners and Merchants, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal, with the exception of the Excluded Services. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sharing under California law is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s Personal Information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means when you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card processing and/or ACH origination services that do not carry the PayPal brand or when you use our Braintree or Zettle services.
Our Contact Information
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement or your Personal Information, contact us so we can help.
To talk about your PayPal account or Unbranded Payment Services:
Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161
or
visit our Customer Service web portal
To talk about your Fastlane profile:
Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555
Or visit your
Fastlane profile management portal
To talk about your Xoom account:
Call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531
or
visit our Help Center web portal
CCPA California Notice at Collection
Most of the Personal Information we collect is subject to federal and state privacy laws that apply to financial institutions. To the extent the Personal Information is not subject to these federal and state financial privacy laws and to the extent it is collected in California about California residents, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may apply. The following section pertains only to Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA (“CCPA personal information”) and makes statements that reference unique definitions and requirements of law.
This CCPA California Notice at Collection describes: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of “CCPA personal information” we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose CCPA personal information for a business purpose, and/or (b) “share” CCPA personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” and/or (c) “sell” such CCPA personal information, as applicable.
Under California law, “sharing” is defined as the sharing or disclosure of CCPA personal information by a business to a third party, for the targeting of advertising to a consumer, based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s CCPA activity across businesses, websites, applications, or services, other than those with which a consumer uses or directs a business to internally disclose CCPA personal information or intentionally interact with one or more third parties. “Selling” is defined as the disclosure of CCPA personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, but does not apply to such disclosures when a consumer uses or directs a business to intentionally disclose CCPA personal information or interact with one or more third parties.
We do not sell or share your CCPA personal information, including any Sensitive CCPA personal information, outside the exceptions.
We also do not sell or share, and have no actual knowledge that we have sold or shared any CCPA personal information of anyone under 16 years of age.
For more information about each category, purpose of use, and the third parties to which we disclose CCPA personal information, please see the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect”, “How is Personal Information used,” and “Do We Disclose Personal Information” sections.
Categories of Personal Information
Purpose of Collection
Categories of 3
rd
Parties to which PayPal discloses this Personal Information for Business Purpose
Identifiers
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Link an account
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Comply with laws
Process information about your contacts
Communicate with you
Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services
Remember your preferences
Associate information about you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Card Networks and Payment Processors
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
Credit Reporting Agencies
Service providers
Other Users in accordance with account settings
Linked Accounts
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties
Buyers in connection with a business transfer
Records and Financial Information
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Link an account
Keep your account and Fastlane profile and financial information up to date
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services Personalize your experience
Provide personalized Services
Comply with Laws
Process information about your contacts
Communicate with you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Card Networks and Payment Processors
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
Credit Reporting Agencies
Service Providers, other
Other Users in accordance with account settings
Linked Accounts
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties for business purposes
Buyers in connection with a business transfer
Commercial information
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Comply with Laws
Remember your preferences
Associate information about you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Other Users if you have a business profile
Geolocation Data
Send you location-based options
Manage fraud and risk
Authorities
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Internet or network activity
Operate and provide Services,
Communicate with you
Manage and improve Services
Market our Services
Send you locally relevant options
Comply with law
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Authorities
Biometric
Authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including to:
meet regulatory requirements or before you access accounts and services
recover passwords
update profile info
manage payments and payment methods
lift account limitations
initiate third-party crypto currency transfers
Service Providers
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
Provide Services
Authenticate your access to an account or Fastlane profile
Manage and improve Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Professional or employment information
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Information about your imported contacts
Provide Services
Service Providers
Information in your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile
Provide Services
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Information you provide when you contact us
Provide Services
Authenticate your access to an account or Fastlane profile
Manage and improve Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Inferred data
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Display content based on your interest
Better respond to your requests or inquiries or for similar customer service issues
Verify your identity
Conduct risk assessment
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Sensitive Personal Information
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Provide our Services
Manage risk
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Authorities
Information from your device
Provide Services
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Communicate with you
Link an account
Market our Services
Personalize your experience
Comply with laws
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and uses PayPal Services for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
This Consumer Privacy Notice does not apply to Unbranded Payment Services.
Rev. November 2024
FACTS
WHAT DOES PAYPAL DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and account balances
Payment history or transaction history
Credit history or credit scores
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons PayPal chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does PayPal share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes –
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes –
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
Yes for PayPal accounts Only
No for all other GLBA covered products and services (including Fastlane)
Yes for PayPal accounts Only. We don’t share for all other GLBA covered products and services (including Fastlane)
Questions?
Call our customer service at 1-888-221-1161or visit us at
/smarthelp/contact-us/privacy
.
To limit our sharing
To limit our sharing
You may limit our sharing by logging into you PayPal account and editing your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting.
Please note:
If you are an existing PayPal customer who had a PayPal account before November 27, 2024, we only share personal information collected after November 27, 2024, unless you opt-out. We may share information from earlier in your account, which allows for even better personalization, if you affirmatively consent by editing your preferences in your Data and Privacy settings.
If you are a customer who opened a PayPal account after November 27, 2024, we can begin sharing information associated with your account. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
Who we are
Who is providing this Privacy
Statement
?
This privacy notice is provided by PayPal, Inc. and is applicable to your personal U.S. PayPal and Xoom accounts, and Fastlane profile.
What we do
How does PayPal protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does PayPal collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or provide account information
use your credit or debit card or give us your contact information
use your PayPal and/or Xoom account to send or receive funds
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include Bill Me Later, Inc.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include financial companies and banks.
Other important information
We may transfer Personal Information to other countries, for example, for customer service or to process transactions.
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) permits consumers who are California residents to ask businesses covered under the CCPA about Personal Information it has collected about the consumer, submit an access or deletion request, and opt-out of the sale of Personal Information, if applicable. These provisions do not apply to personal information collected, processed, shared, or disclosed by financial institutions pursuant to federal law such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Please see our
California, North Dakota, and Vermont Supplemental Financial Privacy Notice
for more information. Contact us if you have questions about our privacy statement, this consumer notice, or your Personal Information. If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a California mailing address, we will not share Personal Information we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.
To talk about your PayPal account, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 or visit our
Customer Service web portal
. To talk about your Xoom account, call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 or visit our
Help Center web portal
. To talk about your Fastlane profile, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555 or visit your
Fastlane profile management portal
.
Vermont
: If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a Vermont mailing address, We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found at
Customer Service web portal
or call 1-888-221-1161
Nevada
: If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a Nevada mailing address, we are providing this notice pursuant to Nevada law. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from PayPal, you may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by calling 1-888-221-1161 or going to
/smarthelp/home
. For more information, you can contact PayPal at 12312 Port Grace Blvd, La Vista, NE 68128 or you can contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; telephone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: Aginfo@ag.nv.gov
Sub-policy 3
https://stripe.com/en-in/privacy:

Sub-policy 4
https://razorpay.com/privacy/#:~:text=Razorpay%20assures%20that%20your%20Personal,sold%20to%20any%20third%20party.&text=If%20a%20User%20opts%20for,customers%20making%20payments%20through%20Razorpay.:
We're hiring!
Payments
ONLINE PAYMENTS
Razorpay Payment Suite
Accept Payments Online
Payment Aggregator
Accepting payments made easy for businesses
Payment Gateway
Payments on your Website & App
Payment Links
Create & send links to collect money
Payment Pages
Get paid with personalized pages
Payment Buttons
Create, Copy and Collect in 5 mins
QR Codes
Multi-feature QR for your business
Instant Settlement
Customer payments settled faster
Magic Checkout
NEW
Improve Order Conversions & Reduce RTOs
Smart Collect
Automate NEFT, RTGS, IMPS payments
Subscriptions
Collect recurring subscription payments
International Payments
Accept payments from across the globe
Accept Payments Offline
Razorpay POS
NEW
Accept Payments In-Store
With Power Add Ons
Payments on WhatsApp
NEW
Accept payments within WhatsApp chat
Optimizer
NEW
Manage multiple payment gateways
Partner Apps
App Store
Find right app for your business
Payment aggregation services provided by Razorpay Software Private Limited (RSPL) - An RBI Authorised Online Payment Aggregator
Payment aggregation services provided by Razorpay Software Private Limited (RSPL) - An RBI Authorised Online Payment Aggregator
Payment Aggregator
Payment Gateway
Payment Links
Payment Buttons
OFFLINE PAYMENTS
Razorpay POS
Explore Payment Suite
Banking+
RAZORPAY X - BANKING SUITE
Razorpay Banking Suite
BUSINESS BANKING PLUS
RazorpayX
Business Banking Supercharged for disruptors
Source to Pay
NEW
Integrated procurement to payables solution
Payouts
24x7, Instant & Automated Payouts
Payout Links
Send money without recipient account details
View Live Demo
See RazorpayX in action, no signup required!
Current Account
Supercharged for businesses
Escrow+ Account
NEW
Escrow account for digital-first businesses
Forex/FDI Transfers
NEW
Expert-led service to bring foreign currency
Bank Account Verification
New
Instantly verify Bank Account, UPI ID or IFSC
Tax Payments
Pay your business taxes in under 30 seconds
Lending Tech Stack
Fully compliant, 10-second disbursals
Corporate Cards
NEW
Streamline your business expenses
DIGITAL LENDING
Razorpay Capital
Get money for your business needs
START YOUR BUSINESS
Company Registration
Simplify your business incorporation journey
Business Banking+ is operated under RZPX Private Limited where the banking services are provided by scheduled commercial banks.
Digital Lending is operated under Razorpay Tech Solutions Private Limited, a Lending Service Provider to Regulated Entities authorised by RBI.
Business Banking+ is operated under RZPX Private Limited where the banking services are provided by scheduled commercial banks.
Digital Lending is operated under Razorpay Tech Solutions Private Limited, a Lending Service Provider to Regulated Entities authorised by RBI.
Current Account
Source to Pay
Corporate Cards
Explore Banking Suite
Pricing
Payroll
Engage
Engage
Partners
Partners
Partner Program
Embedded Payments
New
Accounting Partners
Explore Payment Suite
Explore Banking Suite
Pricing
Resources
Log In
Resources
Resources
AWARENESS
Blog
Know about the nitty gritty of Payments, Banking & more!
Learn
Learn about Business Management, Freelance & more!
Events
Learn more about Startups, Products, Sales and Funding
White papers
From data-driven fintech insights to best practices around handling payments
Customer Stories
50,00,000+ businesses powering payments with Razorpay
DEVELOPERS
Developer Docs
Get started with SDKs here
Integrations
30+ platforms that Razorpay supports
API Reference
Official references for the Razorpay APIs
Onboarding APIs
Official references for the Razorpay APIs
SOLUTIONS
SaaS
Multi-channel, Multi-mode Payments Experience
E-commerce
Seamlessly accept, manage and disburse money!
Education
Facilitate learning & growth for your students & customers
BFSI
Solve unique challenges across lending, wealth management, and insurance sectors
Partners
Accept both domestic & international payments from your clients and cutomers!
Freelance
Accept both domestic & international payments from your clients and cutomers!
FREE TOOLS
GST Calculator
The easiest way for businesses to calculate their GST
Online TDS Payment
The easiest way for businesses to Online TDS Details
GST Number Search
The easiest way for businesses to view their GST Details
GST Search by PAN
The easiest way for businesses to view their PAN Details
ROI Calculator
New
Easily assess the returns on your investments in one minute
CAGR Calculator
New
Accurately Calculate the Compounded Growth for your Business or Investment
EBITDA Calculator
New
Instantly Calculate Your Business’s Performance
Explore Payment Suite
Explore Banking Suite
Pricing
Support
Log In
Pricing
Support
Support
RAISE A TICKET
Payments
Banking+
Payroll
POS
Digital Lending
OTHERS
Knowledgebase
Chargeback Guides
Settlement Guides
Explore Payment Suite
Explore Banking Suite
Pricing
Resources
Log In
India
IN
Malaysia
MY
Singapore
SG
Log In
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Last updated on March 19th, 2024
Introduction to Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (the "
Privacy Policy
") applies to your use of the website of Razorpay hosted at
razorpay.com
, the Services (as defined under the Razorpay "Terms of Use") and Razorpay applications on mobile platforms (Android, Blackberry, Windows Phone, iOS etc.) (collectively ("RAZORPAY" or "WEBSITE")), but does not apply to any third party websites that may be linked to them, or any relationships you may have with the businesses listed on Razorpay.
The terms "
we
", "
our
" and "
us
" refer to
Razorpay
and the terms "
you
", "
your
" and "
User
" refer to you, as a user of
Razorpay
. The term "
Personal Information
" means information that you provide to us which personally identifies you to be contacted or identified, such as your name, phone number, email address, and any other data that is tied to such information. Our practices and procedures in relation to the collection and use of Personal Information have been set-out below in order to ensure safe usage of the Website for you.
We have implemented reasonable security practices and procedures that are commensurate with the information assets being protected and with the nature of our business. While we try our best to provide security that is better than the industry standards, because of the inherent vulnerabilities of the internet, we cannot ensure or warrant complete security of all information that is being transmitted to us by you. By visiting this Website, you agree and acknowledge to be bound by this Privacy Policy and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, process and share your Personal Information in the manner set out herein below. If you do not agree with these terms, do not use the Website.
It is clarified that the terms and conditions that are provided separately, form an integral part of your use of this Website and should be read in conjunction with this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect and how we use it
We collect, receive and store your Personal Information. If you provide your third-party account credentials ("
Third Party Account Information
") to us, you understand that some content and information in those accounts may be transmitted to your account with us if you authorise such transmissions and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to us shall be covered by this Privacy Policy. You may opt to not provide us with certain information, however that will restrict you from registering with us or availing some of our features and services.
We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the collection of Personal Information is limited to that which is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified below. If we use or plan to use your information in a manner different than the purpose for which it is collected, then we will ask you for your consent prior to such use.
The Personal Information collected will be used only for the purpose of enabling you to use the services provided by us, to help promote a safe service, calibrate consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online offers and updates, troubleshoot problems, customize User experience, detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity, collect money, enforce our terms and conditions, and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection of such information.
Account information of Merchants
If you create an account to take advantage of the full range of services offered on Razorpay, we ask for and record Personal Information such as your name, email address and mobile number. We may collect and store your Sensitive Personal Data or Information (such as any financial information including inter alia credit card, debit card details, bank account and know your customer ("
KYC
") documents as per RBI regulations and any other information as may be applicable) that the User may opt to save in the User account created with Razorpay]. We use your email address to send you updates, news, and newsletters (if you willingly subscribe to the newsletter during signup, or anytime after signup) and contact you on behalf of other Users (such other Users who send you friend requests, personal messages, or other social collaboration based events). [If you do not want to receive communications from us that are not relevant to you or your use of our services, please click on the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of such e-mails sent to you by us. We use your mobile numbers to send you transaction alerts and SMS alerts based on your preferences. If you do not wish to receive such SMSs from us, please notify us at
razorpay.com/support
to stop receiving SMSs from us. Razorpay assures that your Personal Information will not be made public or sold to any third party.
The User shall have an option to erase any information provided by the User including Personal Information. If a User opts for the said option of erasure, Razorpay shall delete all stored information of the User from its servers.
Customer Information
We also store customer information of customers such as address, mobile number, Third Party Wallet details, Card Details and email address making payments through Razorpay checkouts. However, only when customer chooses to share the information on the businesses powered with Razorpay applications we share the information to respective businesses. However, Razorpay is not liable in any way for any misuse of this information by the business or people related to the businesses to whom the information is shared by the customer.
Activity
We record information relating to your use of Razorpay, such as the searches you undertake, the pages you view, your browser type, IP address, location, requested URL, referring URL, and timestamp information. We use this type of information to administer Razorpay and provide the highest possible level of security and service to you. We also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of User behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of Razorpay. However, you cannot be identified from this aggregate information.
We own all the intellectual property rights associated with the Website and its contents. No right, title or interest in any downloaded material is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. The Website is protected by copyright as a collective work and/ or compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all the content on this Website, pursuant to applicable law.
Our logos, product and service marks and/ or names, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property, whether registered or not ("
Our IP
") are exclusively owned by us. Without our prior written permission, you agree to not display and/ or use Our IP in any manner. Nothing contained in this Website or the content, should be construed as granting, in any way to the User, any license or right or interest whatsoever, in and/ or to Our IP, without our express written permission.
Cookies
We send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our service. The term "cookies" refers to small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard drive while you are viewing the site. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of Razorpay may not work properly or at all. Razorpay uses third party tools, who may collect anonymous information about your visits to Razorpay using cookies, and interaction with Razorpay products and services. Such third parties may also use information about your visits to Razorpay products and services and other web sites to target advertisements for Razorpay's products and services. No Personal Information is collected or used in this process. These third parties do not know or have access to the name, phone number, address, email address, or any Personal Information about Razorpay's Users. Razorpay Users can opt-out of sharing this information with third parties by deactivating cookies, the process of which varies from browser to browser. Please refer to the help file of your browser to understand the process of deactivating cookies on your browser.
Enforcement
We may use the information we collect in connection with your use of Razorpay (including your Personal Information) in order to investigate, enforce, and apply our terms and conditions and Privacy Policy.
Transfer of information
We do not share your Personal Information with any third party apart from financial institutions such as banks, RBI or other regulatory agencies (as may be required) and to provide you with services that we offer through Razorpay, conduct quality assurance testing, facilitate creation of accounts, provide technical and customer support, or provide specific services, such as synchronization of your contacts with other software applications, in accordance with your instructions. These third parties are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by you.
We may share your Personal Information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, the "
Affiliates
") that we may have now or in the future, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess your Personal Information, and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our terms and conditions and Privacy Policy; (c) comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our Users, Affiliates, or the public. Please note that we are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that we receive.
We may disclose information in the aggregate to third parties relating to User behavior in connection with actual or prospective business relationship with those third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors. For example, we may disclose the number of Users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, advertising banners.
Links
References on this Website to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or hyperlinks to third party websites or information are provided solely for your convenience and do not in any way constitute or imply our endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service. Except as set forth herein, we do not share your Personal Information with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites.
User access of Personal Information
As a registered Razorpay User, you can modify some of your Personal Information and your privacy preferences by accessing the "Account" section of this Website.
Security
Your account is password protected. We use industry standard measures to protect the Personal Information that is stored in our database. We follow industry standard best practices on Information Security, as also mentioned in our website. We limit the access to your Personal Information to those employees and contractors who need access to perform their job function, such as our customer service personnel. If you have any questions about the security on Razorpay, please contact us at
disclosures@razorpay.com
.
You hereby acknowledge that Razorpay is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.
Terms and modifications to this Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically. These changes will be effective immediately on the Users of Razorpay. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information, including to provide us with your most current e-mail address.
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Information, you must notify us promptly that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of Razorpay after any change/ amendment to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
Applicable law
Your use of this Website will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. The Users agree that any legal action or proceedings arising out of your use may be brought exclusively in the competent courts/ tribunals having jurisdiction in Bengaluru in India and irrevocably submit themselves to the jurisdiction of such courts/ tribunals.
Complaints and Grievance Redressal
If you contact us to provide feedback, register a complaint, or ask a question, we will record any Personal Information and other content that you provide in your communication so that we can effectively respond to your communication. Any complaints or concerns in relation to your Personal Information or content of this Website or any dispute or breach of confidentiality or any proprietary rights of User during use of the Website or any intellectual property of any User should be immediately informed to the Grievance cum Nodal Officer at the co-ordinates mentioned below in writing or by way of raising a grievance ticket through the hyperlink mentioned below:
DPO
Mr. SHASHANK KARINCHETI
Razorpay Software Private Limited
Address: No. 22, 1st Floor, SJR Cyber, Laskar - Hosur Road, Adugodi, Bangalore - 560030
Ph: 080-46669555
E-mail:
dpo@razorpay.com
Grievances portal:
https://razorpay.com/grievances/
Sub-policy 5
https://www.cashfree.com/privacypolicy.html:
Get Started
Payments
Main Menu
Payment Gateway
Collect Payments on your website/app
Payment Gateway
Shopify
Learn More »
Customer Stories
Learn More »
Flowwise
Learn More »
Payment Links
Collect payments with simple, shareable links
Payment Links
Shopify
Learn More »
Customer Stories
Learn More »
Flowwise
Learn More »
Payment Pages
Collect payments with custom Payment Pages
Payment Pages
Shopify
Learn More »
Customer Stories
Learn More »
Flowwise
Learn More »
International Payments
Accept International payments with ease
International Payments
Shopify
Learn More »
Customer Stories
Learn More »
Flowwise
Learn More »
Payouts
Send money instantly to any bank, UPI, card or wallet
Payouts
Shopify
Learn More »
Customer Stories
Learn More »
Flowwise
Learn More »
Identity & Risk Solutions
Main Menu
Secure ID
Automate KYC with our onboarding and fraud monitoring platform
KYC Studio
No-code Journey builder for complete KYC onboarding
RiskShield
Prevent fraud using ML-based anomaly detection
Developers
Main Menu
Payment APIs
Payment APIs
Dev Studio
Learn More »
Secure ID APIs
Secure ID APIs
Dev Studio
Learn More »
Payouts APIs
Payouts APIs
Dev Studio
Learn More »
Partner with us
Main Menu
Affiliate Program
Refer Cashfree Payments and earn commissions
Embedded payments
Offer a native payments experience by using our powerful APIs
Support
Main Menu
Resolve Issue
Blog
Newsroom
Pricing
Sign in
Create Account
Sign in
Create Account
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 11, 2023
Cashfree Payments India Private Limited Company is incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 with CIN No. U72900KA2015PTC082987, having its registered office at 1st Floor, Vaishnavi Summit, No. 6/B, Summit, 80 Feet Rd, Koramangala 1A Block, Koramangala 3 Block, Koramangala, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560034 ("Cashfree", "Us", "We", or "Our"). We operate as a Payment Aggregator and provide payouts and verification services, amongst others, to e-commerce marketplaces, educational institutions, financial institutions, web aggregators, etc. We also hold an in principle approval of operating as a prepaid payment system operator in India. Our aim is to ensure a secure data processing environment and a convenient payment process infrastructure for Our customers. As the payments services are significantly dependent upon data or information shared by Our customers, We are committed to ensuring a secure environment for the processing of personal and sensitive personal information ("Personal Data" as defined hereunder) collected by Us from Our stakeholders. We implement security standards and best practices as per Applicable Laws (as defined hereunder) to protect Personal Data collected by Us from those who, directly or indirectly, use or have access to ("Users", "You" or "Your") Our
website
, software or mobile application, platforms hosted by Us, payment infrastructure provided by Us through Our merchant platforms/ websites or our checkout pages ("Platforms") products and all or any part of Our payment aggregation, payouts, verification and any other services (collectively "Services").The
terms and conditions
of Our Services have been provided separately on Our website and shall be read with this Privacy Policy as they are an integral part of Our Services.
This Privacy Policy is applicable to Users of Our Services as well as to Our full-time, part-time, temporary employees and interns, merchants, business partners, contractors, vendors, outsourcers, consultants, contingent workers, temporary agency workers, etc. who provide services to Cashfree.
By using Our Services, You agree that You have read, understood and are bound by Our Privacy Policy and You hereby, provide Your express consent to the past, present and future collection, usage, processing, sharing and storage of Your Personal Data, including the transfer of Your Personal Data to third parties or service providers for the purposes as stated in this Policy. This Policy may be amended and updated by Us periodically, in order to be compliant with any changes in the Applicable Laws and/ or legal and regulatory developments. The Policy also enumerates Your Rights, the manner in which You can exercise these Rights and accessibility to Our point of contact for raising any concerns You may have regarding the protection of Your Personal Data.
We advise You to return to this page periodically to review the updated and current version of Our Privacy Policy.
Definitions
“Applicable Laws” shall mean Information Technology Act, 2000, The Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data or information) Rules, 2011, Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007, Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 and any other applicable rules and regulations issued thereunder, including any guidelines, circulars, ordinance, order, judgment, notification, decree, bye-law, governmental restriction, or any similar form of decision of, or determination by, or any interpretation, policy or administration, having the force of law in India, whether in effect as of the date of this Policy or thereafter, as applicable to Us.
"Biometrics" means the technologies that measure and analyze human body characteristics, such as 'fingerprints', 'eye retinas and irises', 'voice patterns', 'facial patterns', 'hand measurements' and 'DNA' for authentication purposes.
“Password” means a secret word or phrase or code or passphrase or secret key, or encryption or decryption keys that one Uses to gain admittance or access to information.
“Reasonable security practices and procedures” means security practices and procedures designed to protect Personal Data from unauthorized access, damage, use, modification, disclosure or impairment, as may be specified in an agreement between the parties or as may be specified under Applicable Laws.
“Personal Data” means any information that relates to You, which, either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be available with Us is capable of identifying You, including Your:
Password
Financial information such as Bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument details
physical, physiological and mental health condition
sexual orientation
medical records and history
Biometric information
any detail relating to the above clauses as provided by You to Us for the purpose of obtaining Our Services
any of the information received by Us as mentioned above for processing, storing the same under lawful contract or otherwise
“Processing” in relation to Personal Data means an automated operation or set of operations performed on Personal Data, and may include operations such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, use, alignment or combination, indexing, sharing, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Exception to Personal Data: If any information provided by You is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other Applicable Laws, such information shall not be regarded as Personal Data.
Purpose
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform You, about the reasons for Our collection, usage, processing, storage, transfer and sharing of Your Personal Data while using or accessing Our Services. We will also provide details as to the manner in which We collect, use, process, store, transfer and share Your Personal Data when You use or have access to Our Services.
We may ask You to provide Us with Your Personal Data that We may use to contact or identify You. We may also collect Your Personal Data for improving Our Services.
You may choose to not share such information with Us, however, that will restrict Your registration on Our Website or availability of certain features. If Your information is used for any different purpose than the ones listed in this Privacy Policy, We will ask You for Your consent in advance for such purposes. You acknowledge that information provided to third-party accounts by You may be transmitted into Your account with Us on Your authorization for such transmissions and such third-party account Information will be covered under this Privacy Policy.
Your Personal Data is collected, processed, used, stored, disclosed, or shared as described in Our Privacy Policy, and we hereby through this Privacy Policy, seek Your consent through this notice regarding the collection, processing, use, storing and sharing Your Personal Data for one or more of the purposes detailed herein. If Your specific consent is required to obtain for any other purposes or under Applicable Laws of India, We will procure such specific consent from You. Your Personal Data is used, processed, stored and/or disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in compliance with the Applicable Laws.
We may collect following types of Your Personal Data:
Types of Personal Data
Purpose
Details of Personal Data
Name and Contact Information
For providing payment aggregation, payouts and verification services to Our merchants, business partners and end-customers.
Full name(s), title, age, user ID, gender and Your date of birth. Telephone/mobile number(s), address(es), state/city of residence, country, pin code, email address(es), and chosen billing address(es).
Financial Information
Account Registration
Personal bank account numbers, including e-nach, NEFT, IMPS and UPI ID details, tokenized card information, card type, expiry date on the credit or debit card, and name on the card.
Identification Information
For providing payment aggregation, payouts and verification services to Our merchants and business partners and to comply with screening requirements as per Applicable Laws.
Know Your Customer (KYC) documents including all proofs of identity and address, photograph, Permanent Account Number (PAN), GST Number, etc.
Payments related data
For providing payment aggregation, payouts and verification services to Our merchants, business partners and end-customers and to comply with screening requirements as per Applicable Laws.
Payment gateway ID, name of issuing bank, merchant’s name, category and other identifiers along with the details of products or services purchased or paid for, mode of payment, the date, currency and amount of the transaction(s), whether the payment was successful, and other information provided by You directly or indirectly to Us or provided to Us by banks, merchants or other service providers or business partners.
Log Data
Statistical analyses of User behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of Our Services provided to You.
Browser type, IP address, location, requested URL, referring URL, timestamp information, application, device, versions and configurations, operating systems, device brand and model, geo-location information, unique identifiers associated with Your device(s) and pages that You access on the website(s) to access or avail Our Services and paths taken.
Credit related Information
For providing payment aggregation, payouts and verification services to Our merchants that are financial institutions or account aggregators under Applicable Laws, Our business partners and third party service providers and end-customers.
Your credit related information or assessment provided by third parties such as financial institutions or account aggregators under Applicable Laws including Our business partners and third party service providers.
Information provided by You directly to Us or received through Our merchants, business partners and third party service providers
We may use third party services such as Google Analytics, who may collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to facilitate Our Services, to provide the Service on Our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how Our Services are used. Your information may also be used to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email that We send.
Account usernames and passwords; Your email address; Your preferred settings and themes, Communications with customer support, promotional and marketing campaigns, surveys, and records of Your subscriptions to marketing materials, or withdrawal, as the case maybe.
(
Note:
We use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept cookies, You may not be able to use some portions of Our Service. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. The third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.)
Your Device Information
We may collect Your device information in order to gain insights about Your use of Our website or Services, to provide a customized experience, and to show targeted advertisements.
Your contact list, call records, SMS, media files and location data in Your devices to enable You to access Our Services after seeking necessary permissions.
Exception to Our Collection of Your Personal Data
We do not collect certain categories of Personal Data, such as, Your details relating to Your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, biometric information, sexual orientation, political opinions, or information about your physical, physiological, mental health condition, medical records and history or any genetic information.
Your Rights
Right to Review Your Personal Data -
You may review the Personal Data provided by You and any Personal Data found to be inaccurate or deficient will be corrected or amended by Us, as feasible. However, please note, that We will not be responsible for the authenticity of the Personal Data provided by You.
Withdrawal of Your Consent -
You may choose not to provide Your Personal Data, at any time while availing the Services or otherwise, or withdraw Your consent provided to Us earlier, in writing to our email ID:
grievances@cashfree.com
However, in case You choose to not provide or later withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide to You some or all of the features and functionalities of Our Services. This may also affect Our ability to process Your Personal Data and lead to the discontinuation of Our Services for which such Personal Data was required to be used or was being used, at Our sole discretion.
Please note that these rights are limited in instances where We are legally required to retain Your Personal Data in order to be compliant with the Applicable Laws.
Security
We adhere to the international security standards and certifications issued by International Organization for Standardization, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) Council and Cybersecurity Standards by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) such as ISO/IEC 27001: 2013, PCI DSS v3.2.1 and Service Organization Control Type 2 (SOC 2), respectively. We have regular audits of Our Information System that is carried out by CERT-In empanelled auditors as required under the Applicable Laws.
The security of Your Personal Information is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use e commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Information, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
International Transfer
Your Personal Data may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of Your state, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of Your jurisdiction.
If You are located outside India and choose to provide information to Us, please note that We transfer the information, including Personal Data, to India and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of Your Personal Data represents Your agreement to that transfer.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has or children have provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us at
grievances@cashfree.com
. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
Retention of Your Personal Data
We retain Your Personal Data for no longer than is required for the purposes for which Your Personal Data is collected or for the period required to be maintained under the Applicable Laws.
Exception to Consent for Disclosure of Personal Data
We seek Your express consent for the disclosure of Your Personal Data for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, unless such disclosure is necessary for compliance of a legal obligation under the Applicable Laws or any law for the time being in force.
Your Personal Data may be shared, without obtaining prior consent, with Government agencies mandated under the Applicable Laws or any law in India to obtain Your Personal Data for the purpose of verification of identity, or for prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, prosecution, and punishment of offences. In which case, the Government agency or authority sends a request to Us stating the purpose of seeking Your Personal Data.
Your Personal Data so obtained by the Government agency or authority is not published or shared with any third party, unless the disclosure to any third party is required by an order under the Applicable Laws or any law in India for the time being in force.
By Using Our Services and/or by providing Your Personal Data, You consent to the collection and Use of the information You disclose on Us in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to Your consent for sharing Your information as per this Privacy Policy. As per Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Mr. Fasih Abbas M
Cashfree Payments India Pvt Ltd,
Vaishnavi Summit, No. 6/B, Summit,
80 Feet Rd, Koramangala 1A Block,
Koramangala 3 Block, Koramangala,
Bengaluru, Karnataka 560034
Email ID:
grievances@cashfree.com
Ready to get started?
Collect customer payments, make payouts, manage international payments and so much more. Create your account or contact our experts to explore custom solutions.
Easy onboarding
Dedicated account manager
API access
Create Account
Contact Sales
Sub-policy 6
https://paytm.com/about-us/our-policies/:
About us
CSR
Blog
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Sustainability
ESG Profile
Sustainability at Paytm
Latest News
Terms & Conditions
One97 Communications Limited
One97 Communications Limited
TERMS & CONDITIONS
GRIEVANCE
PRIVACY
LOAN PRODUCT- PRIVACY POLICY & T&C
ANTI BRIBERY AND ANTI CORRUPTION POLICY
UPI
Paytm Website and SSO-ID Terms & Conditions
Use of the Paytm Platform/Paytm Services
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before registering on, accessing, browsing, downloading or using the Paytm website located at
paytm.com
, and all associated sites linked to
paytm.com
, or the Paytm mobile application or any similar platform (hereinafter collectively, the
Paytm Platform
run by One97 Communications Limited, having its registered office at First Floor Devika Tower, Nehru Place New Delhi – 110019 and headquartered at B-121, Sector-5, Noida – 201301 (hereinafter collectively,
One97
or
Paytm
) on any device and/or before availing any services offered by Paytm on the Paytm Platform which may include services such as recharge or bill payment, digital products, semi-closed wallet service and marketplace service or any other service that may be offered by Paytm on the Paytm Platform (hereinafter individually, and collectively, the
Paytm Services
). For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that these terms and conditions shall apply to all Paytm Services, whether offered by One97 or its affiliates.
Acceptance
By registering on, accessing, browsing, downloading or using the Paytm Platform for any general purpose or for the specific purpose of availing any Paytm Service, You agree to be bound by the single-sign-on ID (hereinafter
SSOID
) terms and conditions set forth below as well as by the service-specific terms and conditions applicable to each Paytm Service (hereinafter collectively, the
T&Cs
). These T&Cs shall also include any additional or modified terms and conditions in relation to the SSOID or any additional or modified service-specific terms and conditions in relation to any Paytm Service or any future service that may be offered by Paytm on the Paytm Platform. By registering on, accessing, browsing, downloading or using (as applicable) the Paytm Platform or availing any Paytm Service or the SSOID, You automatically and immediately agree to all the T&Cs. If at any time You do not accept or agree with any of the T&Cs or do not wish to be bound by the T&Cs, You may not access, browse or use the Paytm Platform and immediately terminate Your availing the Paytm Services. Accepting or agreeing to the T&Cs will constitute a legal contract (hereinafter
Agreement
) between You, being at least 18 years of age and an individual user of the Paytm Platform or a customer or beneficiary of the Paytm Services, and Paytm. All services are rendered by Paytm through the Paytm Platform under the brand name “Paytm” (or any derivatives or variations thereof). Consequently, all the rights, benefits, liabilities and obligations under the T&Cs shall, as the case may be, accrue to the benefit of, or incurred by, Paytm, regarding Your use of Paytm’s digital services (which includes but may not be limited to prepaid recharge, bill payment, booking movie tickets, bus tickets, hotel rooms or flight tickets), the semi closed wallet service, the marketplace service or any such other services which may be added on the Paytm Platform and which will henceforth be a Paytm Service, from time to time. The Paytm Services shall be used by You subject to Your adherence with the T&Cs. As long as You accept and comply with these T&Cs, Paytm grants You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited, revocable privilege to enter and use the Paytm Platform and/or avail the Paytm Services.
Eligibility
The Paytm Services are not available to persons under the age of 18 or to anyone previously suspended or removed by Paytm from availing the Paytm Services or accessing the Paytm Platform. By accepting the T&Cs or by otherwise using the Paytm Services on the Paytm Platform, You represent that You are at least 18 years of age and have not been previously suspended or removed by Paytm, or disqualified for any other reason, from availing the Paytm Services or using the Paytm Platform. In addition, You represent and warrant that You have the right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all the T&Cs as part of this Agreement. Finally, You shall not impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent Your identity, age or affiliation with any person or entity. Finally, in the event of any violation of the T&Cs, Paytm reserves the right to suspend or permanently prevent You from availing Paytm Services or using the Paytm Platform.
Other Terms and Conditions
Additional terms and conditions may apply in order for You to avail specific Paytm Services and to specific portions or features of the Paytm Platform, including contests, promotions or other similar features, all of which terms are made a part of these T&Cs by this reference. You agree to abide by such other terms and conditions, including where applicable representing that You are of sufficient legal age to use or participate in such service or feature. If there is a conflict between these T&Cs and the terms posted for or applicable to a specific portion of the Paytm Platform or for any Paytm Service offered on or through the Paytm Platform, the latter terms shall control with respect to Your use of that portion of the Paytm Platform or the specific Paytm Service. Paytm may make changes to any Paytm Services offered on the Paytm Platform, or to the applicable terms for any such Paytm Services, at any time, without notice. The materials on the Paytm Platform with respect to the Paytm Services may be out of date, and Paytm makes no commitment to update the materials on the Paytm Platform with respect to such Paytm Services. The following terms also govern and apply to Your use of the Paytm Platform, and they are incorporated herein by this reference:
https://paytm.com/company/terms-and-conditions?company=one97&tab=terms
https://paytm.com/company/terms-and-conditions?company=one97&tab=privacy
SSOID Service, Participating Platforms
Paytm’s SSOID service offers You the convenience, after a one-time registration any Paytm Platform, to sign on (log in) to all web pages and online platforms operated by Paytm or its affiliates (hereinafter the Participating Platforms) with single log-in access / data, without going through a separate registration process every time. After successfully registering for the SSOID Service, the user can log-in via each Participating Platform with his SSOID access credentials. Moreover, if already logged in to one of the Participating Platforms, the user can immediately use all other Participating Platforms without additional log-in procedures (subject to the respective Participating Platform requiring further declarations). The Participating Platforms that offer the SSOID as a login feature, are visible on registration and in the user account. The number of Participating Platforms may also vary in the course of time. With regard to the contractual relationships of the users with the respective Participating Platforms, for the purposes of which Paytm’s SSOID service is or can be used in accordance with these T&Cs, these can alternatively have their own commercial and user terms and conditions. These business or user terms and conditions are available on the respective Participating Platforms. For the respective contents of the Participating Platforms, the respective affiliate of Paytm is solely responsible only for those content that it actually operates. For the SSOID service, these T&Cs apply exclusively, whereas for the use of the Participating Platforms, their business and user terms and conditions apply along with these T&Cs. The SSOID shall be owned and operated by One97 for use on all Participating Platforms. For the use of Paytm’s SSOID service, the user must register. Registration as a user is only allowed if the user meets the eligibility criteria as set out in these T&Cs. Each user can set up only one user account. The user is obliged to provide correct and complete information during the registration and use of the SSOID service. The login data is intended solely for personal use by the user and therefore always to be kept secret and safe. The user is not entitled to share his login details with third parties to use the SSOID service or to disclose them otherwise. The user is obliged to inform Paytm immediately on becoming aware of and/or suspecting a case of any unauthorized use, disclosure and/or misuse of their access data or of their user account. Furthermore, the user is obliged not to use the user account of another person. Submission of the duly completed registration form by the user simply provides invitation to us to make an offer to enter into the agreement on the use of our SSOID service (hereinafter the SSOID Agreement). Our offer for the conclusion of the SSOID Agreement is then effected by the fact that Paytm sends the user a confirmation by e mail, in which a confirmation link is included next to the user name and the password for the SSOID Service. By the user clicking on this confirmation link, the user accepts Paytm’s offer, so that in this way the SSOID Agreement enters into force. Conclusion of the SSOID Agreement may, also be effected through other communication modes and following such processes which help achieve the same purpose as the aforementioned e-mail confirmation process. Paytm is entitled to reject individual users without giving reasons. The user guarantees that the data submitted for their user account (and any other information that is otherwise left for Paytm) are in all respects complete, true, accurate and not misleading. Any changes to user’s data should be promptly updated correctly in its account. If the mobile phone number or e-mail address provided by You to Paytm Platform for the SSOID service is transferred/surrendered/deactivated due to any reason, it shall be your responsibility to contact Paytm and have the number/email address duly updated in Paytm records before it is transferred/surrendered/deactivated. In case of any failure to have the updation request duly raised with Paytm, Paytm shall not be liable for any misuse of Your account.
Communication Policy
By accepting the T&Cs, You accept the following:
Paytm may send alerts to the mobile phone number provided by You while registering with the Paytm Platform for the SSOID service or on any updated mobile number subsequently provided by You on the Paytm Platform, or via e-mail or push notifications. The alerts will be received in case of SMS, only if the mobile phone is in ‘On’ mode to receive the SMS, in case of e-mail, only if the e-mail servers and e-mail ids are functional, and in case of push notifications, if the user has enabled the receipt of such notifications. If the mobile phone is in ‘Off’ mode or if the e-mail servers or ids are not functional or if the push-notifications feature has been turned off, then You may not get the alert at all or get delayed messages.
Paytm will make best efforts to provide alerts via SMS/e-mail/push notifications and it shall be deemed that You shall have received the information sent from Paytm as an alert on the mobile phone number or e-mail id provided during the course of, or in relation to, using the Paytm Platform or availing any Paytm Services. Paytm shall not be under any obligation to confirm the authenticity of the person(s) receiving the alert. You cannot hold Paytm liable for non-availability of the SMS/email alert/push notifications service in any manner whatsoever.
You authorize Paytm to contact You and communicate with You for any Paytm Service or Offer(s). Paytm may use third party service providers to send alerts or communicate with You. You authorize Paytm and Paytm Entities to override the DND settings to reach out to You over calls, SMS, emails and any other mode of communication.
The SMS/e-mail alert/push notification service provided by Paytm is an additional facility provided for Your convenience and that it may be susceptible to error, omission and/or inaccuracy. In the event that You observe any error in the information provided in the alert, Paytm shall be immediately informed about the same by You and Paytm will make best possible efforts to rectify the error as early as possible. You shall not hold Paytm liable for any loss, damages, claim, expense including legal cost that may be incurred/suffered by You on account of the SMS/e-mail alert/push notification facility.
The clarity, readability, accuracy and promptness of providing the SMS/e-mail alert/push notification service depend on many factors including the infrastructure and connectivity of the service provider. Paytm shall not be responsible for any non-delivery, delayed delivery or distortion of the alert in any way whatsoever.
You will indemnify and hold harmless Paytm and the SMS/e-mail service provider including its officials from any damages, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, costs, charges and expenses whatsoever including legal charges and attorney’s fees which Paytm or the SMS/e-mail service provider may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be subjected to as a consequence of, or arising out of, any of the following: (i) misuse by You or improper or fraudulent information provided by You; (ii) incorrect number or a number that belongs to an unrelated third party provided by You; and/or (iii) the customer receiving any message relating to the reservation number, travel itinerary information, booking confirmation, modification to a ticket, cancellation of ticket, change in bus schedule, delay, and/or rescheduling from Paytm and/or the SMS/e-mail service provider.
Use of Paytm Platform
You understand that except for information, products or services clearly indicated as being supplied by Paytm, we do not operate, control, or endorse any information, products or services on the Internet in anyway. You also understand that Paytm cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for download through the Paytm Platform will be free of viruses, worms or other code that may be damaging. You are responsible for implementing procedures to satisfy Your particular requirements of Internet security and for accuracy of data input and output.
Prohibited Conduct
By accessing or using the Paytm Platform or by availing Paytm Services, You agree not to:
violate the T&Cs;
impersonate any person or entity, falsely claim or otherwise misrepresent Your affiliation with any person or entity, or access the accounts of others without permission, forge another person’s digital signature, misrepresent the source, identity, or content of information transmitted via the Paytm Services, perform any other similar fraudulent activity or otherwise avail Paytm Services with what we reasonably believe to be potentially fraudulent funds;
infringe our or any third party’s intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy;
use the Paytm Services if You are under the age of 18 years without a parental sponsor or, in any event, use the Paytm Services if You are under the age of 13 years old even with a parental sponsor and in accordance with applicable law;
post or transmit any message which is libellous, defamatory or which discloses private or personal matters concerning any person;
post or transmit any message, data, image or program which is pornographic, vulgar or offensive in nature;
refuse to cooperate in an investigation or provide confirmation of Your identity or any other information provide by You to Paytm;
remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Paytm Services and the Paytm Platform or features that enforce limitations on the use of the Paytm Services or the Paytm Platform;
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of as regards Paytm Services or Paytm Platform or any part thereof, except and only to the extent this is expressly permissible by applicable law;
use the Paytm Services or the Paytm Platform in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair it, including, without limitation, using the Paytm Services or the Paytm Platform in an automated manner;
modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works based upon the Paytm Services and the Paytm Platform or any part thereof, except and only to the extent that that this is permissible by applicable law;
intentionally interfere with or damage operation of the Paytm Services or the Paytm Platform or any other user’s enjoyment of it, by any means, including uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious code or file with contaminating or destructive features;
use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy the Paytm Platform without prior written permission;
interfere or disrupt the Paytm Platform or networks connected to the Paytm Platform;
take any action that imposes an unreasonably or disproportionately large load on Paytm’s infrastructure/network;
use any device, software or routine to bypass the Paytm Platform’s robot exclusion headers, or interfere or attempt to interfere, with the Paytm Services;
forge headers or manipulate identifiers or other data in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Paytm Platform or to manipulate Your presence on the Paytm Platform;
sell the Paytm Services, information, or software associated with or derived from it;
use the facilities and capabilities of the Paytm Platform to conduct any activity or solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of others;
breach this Agreement, the SSOID Agreement or any other agreement or policy as may be applicable pursuant to the T&Cs;
provide false, inaccurate or misleading information;
use the Paytm Platform to collect or obtain personal information, including without limitation, financial information, about other users of the Paytm Platform, except and only as expressly provided in the T&Cs;
avail Paytm Services with what Paytm reasonably believes to be potentially fraudulent funds;
use the Paytm Services in a manner that results in or may result in complaints, disputes, reversals, chargebacks, fees, fines, penalties and other liability to Paytm, a third party or You;
use the Paytm Services in a manner that Paytm or any payment card network reasonably believe to be an abuse of the payment card system or a violation of payment card network rules;
take any action that may cause Paytm to lose any of the Paytm Services from its service providers or lose any of its recharge partners or business partners, including mobile operators or telecom companies, payment processors or other suppliers;
send automated request of any kind to the Paytm Platform without express permission in advance from Paytm.
Termination; Agreement Violations
You agree that Paytm, in its sole discretion, for any or no reason, and without penalty, may suspend or terminate Your account (or any part thereof) or Your use of the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform and remove and discard on the Paytm Platform all or any part of Your account, Your user profile, or Your recipient profile, including Your SSOID, at any time. Paytm may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing access to the Paytm Services, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of Your access to the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform or any account You may have or portion thereof may be effected without prior notice, and You agree that Paytm will not be liable to You or any third party for any such termination or interruption. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Paytm may have at law or in equity. Upon termination for any reason, You agree to immediately stop using the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform.
Limitation of Liability and Damages
In no event, Paytm or its contractors, agents, licensors, partners or suppliers will be liable to You for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, reliance, or exemplary damages (including without limitation lost business opportunities, lost revenues, or loss of anticipated profits or any other pecuniary or non-pecuniary loss or damage of any nature whatsoever) arising out of or relating to: (i) this Agreement; (ii) the SSOID Agreement; (iii) the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform or any reference site/app/platform/service; or (iv) Your use or inability to use the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform (including any and all materials) or any reference sites/app/platform/service, even if Paytm or a Paytm authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event, Paytm, directors, employees, agents will be liable to You for any damages, liabilities, losses, and causes of action arising out of or relating to: (i) this Agreement; (ii) the SSOID Agreement; (iii) the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform or any reference site/app/platform/service; or (iv) Your use or inability to use the Paytm services, the Paytm Platform (including any and all materials) or any reference sites/app/platform/service; or (v) any other interactions with Paytm, however caused and whether arising in contract, tort including negligence, warranty or otherwise, beyond or in excess of the amount paid by You, if any, for using the portion of the Paytm Service or the Paytm Platform giving rise to the cause of action, or beyond or in excess Rs. 5,000, whichever is less. You acknowledge and agree that Paytm has offered its products and services, set its prices, and entered into this Agreement in reliance upon the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein, that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein reflect a reasonable and fair allocation of risk between You and Paytm, and that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein form an essential basis of the bargain between You and Paytm. Paytm would not be able to provide the services to You on an economically reasonable basis without these limitations. Applicable law may not completely allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions will apply to You subject to applicable law. In such cases, Paytm’s liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. This paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, save, and hold Paytm, its affiliates, employees, officers, directors and partners harmless from any and all claims, losses, damages, and liabilities, costs and expenses, including without limitation legal fees and expenses, arising out of or related to: (i) Your use or misuse of the Paytm Services or of the Paytm Platform; (ii) any violation by You of this Agreement or the SSOID Agreement; or (iii) any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made by You herein. Paytm reserves the right, at Your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which You are required to indemnify Paytm, including rights to settle, and You agree to cooperate with Paytm’s defense and settlement of these claims. Paytm will use reasonable efforts to notify You of any claim, action, or proceeding brought by a third party that is subject to the foregoing indemnification upon becoming aware of it. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Disclaimer; No Warranties
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Paytm and its third-party partners disclaim all warranties or guarantees – whether statutory, express or implied – including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by You from Paytm or through the Paytm Services or the Paytm Platform will create any warranty or guarantee other than those expressly stated herein. For the purposes of this Disclaimer, You expressly acknowledge that as used in this section, the term “Paytm” includes Paytm’s officers, directors, employees. You acknowledge that Paytm is a reseller of mobile recharges and is not liable for any third party (telecom companies, mobile operators or suppliers) obligations due to rates, quality and all other instances, whether to any such telecom companies’ subscribers or otherwise. You expressly agree that use of the Paytm Services on the Paytm Platform is at Your sole risk. It is Your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, merchandise and other information provided through the site or on the Internet generally. Paytm does not warrant that the Paytm Services will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the site will be corrected. The Paytm Services and the Paytm Platform and any data, information, third party software, reference sites, services, or software made available in conjunction with or through the services and the site are provided on an “as is” and “as available,” “with all faults” basis and without warranties or representations of any kind either express or implied. Paytm, and its partners do not warrant that the data, Paytm software, functions, or any other information offered on or through the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform or any reference sites/platforms/apps/services will be uninterrupted, or free of errors, viruses or other harmful components and do not warrant that any of the foregoing will be corrected. Paytm and its licensors, and partners do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform or any reference sites/platforms/apps/services in terms of correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You understand and agree that You use, access, download, or otherwise obtain information, materials, or data through the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform or any reference sites/platforms/apps/services at Your own discretion and risk and that You will be solely responsible for any damage to Your property (including Your computer system and mobile device or any other equipment) or loss of data that results from the download or use of such material or data. We do not authorize anyone to make any warranty on our behalf and You should not rely on any such statement. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement. In no event will Paytm be liable for any incidental, consequential, or indirect damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information, and the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the Paytm Platform.
Ownership; Proprietary Rights
The Paytm Services and the Paytm Platform are owned and operated by Paytm. The visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, computer code (including source code and object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of the Paytm Services and the Paytm Platform provided by Paytm (hereafter
Materials
) are protected by Indian copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. As between You and Paytm, all Materials, trademarks, service marks, and trade names contained on the Paytm Platform are the property of Paytm. You agree not to remove, obscure, or alter Paytm or any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or contained within or accessed in conjunction with or through the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform. Except as expressly authorized by Paytm, You agree not to sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise make unauthorized use of the Materials. Paytm reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. If You have comments regarding the Paytm Services and/or the Paytm Platform or ideas on how to improve it, please contact customer service. Please note that by doing so, You hereby irrevocably assign to Paytm, and shall assign to Paytm, all rights, title and interests in and to all ideas and suggestions and any and all worldwide intellectual property rights associated therewith. You agree to perform such acts and execute such documents as may be reasonably necessary to perfect the foregoing rights.
Modification of this Agreement
Paytm reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Agreement (each, a
change
and collectively,
changes
) at any time by posting notification on the Paytm Platform or otherwise communicating the notification to You. The changes will become effective, and shall be deemed accepted by You, 24 hours after the initial posting and shall apply immediately on a going-forward basis with respect to Your use of the Paytm Platform, availing the Paytm Services or for payment transactions initiated after the posting date. If You do not agree with any such change, Your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate Your use of the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform. For certain changes, Paytm may be required under applicable law to give You advance notice, and Paytm will comply with such requirements.Your continued use of the Paytm Platform following the posting of changes will mean that You accept and agree to the changes.
Notice
Paytm may provide You with notices and communications by e-mail, SMS, push notifications, regular mail or postings on the Paytm Platform or by any other reasonable means. Except as otherwise set forth herein, notice to Paytm must be sent by courier or registered mail to One97 Communications Ltd., B-121, Sector-5, Noida, Uttar Pradesh 201301, India.
Waiver
The failure of Paytm to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if in writing and signed by Paytm.
Dispute Resolution
If any dispute, controversy or claim arises under this Agreement or in relation to any Paytm Service or the Paytm Platform, including any question regarding the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or T&Cs (hereinafter
Dispute
), the parties shall use all reasonable endeavours to resolve such Dispute amicably. If the parties are unable to resolve the Dispute amicably within 30 days of the notice of such Dispute, Paytm may elect to resolve any Dispute by a binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996 (hereinafter
Act
). Such Dispute shall be arbitrated on an individual basis and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The Dispute shall be resolved by a sole arbitrator, appointed in accordance with the Act. The seat of the arbitration shall be New Delhi and the language of this arbitration shall be English. Either You or Paytm may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in New Delhi necessary to protect the rights or the property belonging to You or Paytm (or any of our agents, suppliers, and subcontractors), pending the completion of arbitration. Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither You nor Paytm may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcing the arbitration award. All administrative fees and expenses of arbitration will be divided equally between You and Paytm. In all arbitrations, each party will bear the expense of its own lawyers and preparation. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Governing Law and Forum for Disputes
Subject to the Dispute Resolution section above, You agree that any claim or dispute You may have against Paytm must be resolved by a court having jurisdiction in New Delhi, India. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within New Delhi, India, for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. This Agreement shall be governed by Indian law. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unlawful, void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated from this Agreement to the minimum extent required, and the remaining provisions will remain valid and enforceable.
Survival
Upon termination of this Agreement, any provision which, by its nature or express terms should survive, will survive such termination or expiration as applied to transfers and relationship prior to such termination or expiration.
Headings
The heading references herein are for convenience purposes only and they do not constitute a part of these T&Cs and will not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement is the entire agreement between You and Paytm relating to the subject matter hereof and this Agreement will not be modified except by a change to this Agreement made by Paytm in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Bill Payments and Digital Products Terms & Conditions
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before registering on, accessing, browsing, downloading or using the Paytm website located at
paytm.com
, and all associated sites linked to
paytm.com
, or the Paytm mobile application or any similar platform (hereinafter collectively, the
Paytm Platform
) run by One97 Communications Limited, having its registered office at First Floor Devika Tower, Nehru Place New Delhi – 110019 and headquartered at B-121, Sector-5, Noida – 201301 (hereinafter collectively,
One97
or
Paytm
) on any device and/or before availing any travel, recharge or bill payment or digital products related services offered by Paytm on the Paytm Platform (hereinafter, individually
Paytm Digital Service
and collectively, the
Paytm Digital Services
).
Eligibility
The Paytm Digital Services are not available to persons under the age of 18 or to anyone previously suspended or removed by Paytm from availing the Paytm Digital Services or accessing the Paytm Platform. By accepting the T&Cs or by otherwise using the Paytm Digital Services on the Paytm Platform, You represent that You are at least 18 years of age and have not been previously suspended or removed by Paytm, or disqualified for any other reason, from availing the Paytm Bill Payment and Digital Goods Services or using the Paytm Platform. In addition, You represent and warrant that You have the right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all the T&Cs as part of this Agreement. Finally, You shall not impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent Your identity, age or affiliation with any person or entity. Finally, in the event of any violation of the T&Cs, Paytm reserves the right to suspend or permanently prevent You from availing Paytm Digital Services or using the Paytm Platform.
Digital Services
Paytm offers on the Paytm Platform certain digital products such as purchase of movie tickets, bus tickets, hotel reservations, flight tickets, tickets to amusement or theme parks, coupon redemption services etc. Further, Paytm may facilitate on its Platform, services from its related entities such as the purchase of prepaid recharges for mobile, DTH, toll and data card etc.
The terms and conditions in relation to digital products and bill payments set out below are applicable to and binding on You in conjunction with these SSOID terms and conditions. Each SSOID term or condition is applicable to and binding on You, for any of Your activities on the Paytm Platform, even if such term or condition is not specifically reproduced herein below.
The terms ‘Agreement’ or ‘T&Cs’ mentioned herein below includes the terms and conditions in relation to digital products set out below, bill payments, the SSOID terms and conditions as well as other service-specific terms and conditions in relation to Paytm Services or Paytm Platform.
For various facilities and technology features made available on Paytm Platform, please note that a convenience fee may be chargeable from you by Paytm or its related entities providing respective services. For e.g. for adding money to wallet using the Paytm Platform the following charges will be levied by the online payment aggregator viz., Paytm Payments Services Limited :
Charges: Convenience fee for Add money to Paytm Wallet
Paytm Service
Charges
Loading money using Paytm Add money to wallet, via any mode other than Credit and Prepaid Card
NIL
all transactions of loading money into wallet, via credit or prepaid card
Will be charged up to 4% (inc. of GST) of the amount loaded
Also, all transactions of loading money into wallet, using American Express credit card or corporate prepaid card
Will be charged up to 3% (inc. of GST) of the amount loaded.
Charges: Recharges and Bill Payments on Paytm
Maintenance charges in the nature of a) convenience fee and/or b) platform fee, will be applicable for utilizing recharges and bill payments services on Paytm Platform, e.g. for paying electricity bill, mobile recharge, etc.
a) Convenience Fee
Convenience fee is a fee charged towards covering the cost of transactions (Inclusive of GST). This fee is applicable on certain payment methods such as debit card, credit cards, net banking etc.
The following fees will be chargeable from you by entity providing such services such as Paytm Payments Bank Ltd., Paytm Payments Services Ltd., etc. as per the payment method used:
Instrument
Maximum Convenience Fee Charged
Consumer Credit Card
3%
Rupay Credit Card
4%
Corporate Credit Card
4%
Debit Cards
3%
Prepaid Cards
4%
Net Banking
₹10
Paytm Postpaid
3%
Paytm Wallet
3%
Terms and Conditions
1. Convenience Fee will be inclusive of GST.
2. Convenience fee is levied to recover the costs incurred in transactions that enable bill payments.
3. The entity providing the service, viz., Paytm Payments Bank Ltd., Paytm Payments Services Ltd., etc. has the right to update the charges levied. Suitable prior notice would be provided to the customers before any changes are made to the charges.e provided to the customers before any changes are made to the charges.
b) Platform Fee
Paytm reserves the right to charge a nominal Platform Fee for utilizing Paytm’s Recharges and Bill Payments service.
Bill Amount
Maximum Platform Fee Charged
Below ₹ 1,000
₹ 4
₹ 1,001 to ₹5,000
₹ 8
₹ 5,001 to ₹ 40,000
₹ 20
Above ₹ 40,000
₹ 30
Terms and Conditions
1. Platform fee will be inclusive of GST paid by OCL or the relevant Paytm entity.
2. Platform fee is a charge levied for availing services made available on Paytm. The charges cover the cost for enabling the technology features built by Paytm to provide these services.
3. Charges are agnostic of the payment instrument used.
4. Paytm reserves the right to update the charges levied. Suitable prior notice would be provided to the customers before any changes are made to the charges.
5. Paytm can levy platform fee in transactions pertaining to merchants which aren’t a part of the BBPS ecosystem. This is subject to changes as per circulars issued by NPCI for BBPS.
Paytm Recharges
Paytm is only a reseller of digital products. Paytm or its related entities do not provide mobile operator services and is only a reseller of prepaid mobile recharge services which are ultimately provided by telecommunications service providers (hereafter ‘Telco’ or ‘Telcos’) or by other distributors or aggregators of such Telcos. Paytm or its related entities is not a warrantor, insurer, or guarantor of the services to be provided by the Telcos. Prepaid mobile recharge sold to You by the seller on the Paytm Platform, is sold without recourse against Paytm or its related entities, for any deficiency in service by the Telcos. Any disputes regarding the quality, minutes provided, cost, expiration, or other terms of the mobile prepaid recharge purchased must be handled directly between You (or the recipient of the recharge) and the Telco. The terms and conditions set out in this section are applicable, mutatis mutandis, to other prepaid recharge products available on the Paytm Platform including prepaid recharges in relation to DTH, data card and toll tags as well as to other prepaid recharge products that may be offered on the Paytm Platform. Paytm or its related entities will not be responsible for any failure on the part of any of its recharge partners in effecting a recharge.
Refund Policy
All sales of prepaid recharge on the Paytm Platform are final with no refund or exchange permitted. You are responsible for the mobile number or DTH account number for which You purchase the prepaid recharge and all charges that result from those purchases. You are also responsible for the information relating to data card and toll-tag recharge and all charges that result from those purchases. Paytm is not responsible for any purchase of prepaid recharge for an incorrect mobile number or DTH account number or incorrect toll or data card information. However, if in a transaction performed by You on the Paytm Platform, money has been charged to Your card or bank account and a recharge is not delivered within 24 hours of the completion of the transaction, then You shall inform us by reaching out to our customer services on the Paytm Platform. Please include the following details – the mobile number (or DTH account number or data card or toll-tag information), operator name, recharge value, transaction date and order number. Paytm will investigate the incident and, if it is found that money was indeed charged to Your card or bank account without delivery of the recharge, then You will be refunded the money within 21 working days from the date of receipt of Your e mail. All refunds will be normally credited to the source of the payment. For credits to your Paytm wallet, You can trigger a request in Your Paytm wallet to transfer the money from Your Paytm wallet back to source. It will take 3-21 working days for the money to show in Your bank account depending on Your bank’s policy.
Bill Payments
In order to use the bill payments service or any other Paytm Service, You will need to obtain access to the World Wide Web or the Internet, either on a computer or on any other device that can access web-based content. You must have all equipment necessary to make such connection to the World Wide Web or the Internet. Paytm and/or the Paytm business partner (including Paytm’s bill payment partners) reserve the right to charge and recover from You, such fees for availing the service as the case may be. These charges shall be effective from the time when they are posted on the Paytm Platform or on the Paytm business partner’s channel/portal/website through which You are availing the specific service. You are bound by such revisions and should therefore visit the Paytm Platform to review the applicable fees which may vary from time to time.In the event that You stop or seek a reversal of the payment instructions as may have been submitted, Paytm shall be entitled to charge and recover from You and You shall be liable to pay such charges Paytm offers a convenient and secure way to make payments towards identified biller(s) using a valid payment account. Depending upon the Paytm business partner through whom the specific service is availed by You (i) the specific features of the service may differ; (ii) the number of billers available over the service may differ; (iii) the type and range of payment accounts that can be used to issue a payment instructions may differ; (iv) the modes/devices over which the service can be accessed may differ; and (v) the charges, fees for availing the service or any aspect of the service may differ.
Specific details related to these aspects would be available with the Paytm business partner on their channel/portal/website over which the service is being availed. From time to time, Paytm, at its sole discretion, can add to or delete from such list of billers or types of payment accounts that can be used in respect of making payments to a biller. The type and range of payment accounts that can be used for making payments may differ for each biller depending on biller specifications. There may be additional fees/charge when using certain types of payment accounts in respect of a biller. The terms upon which a payment can be made to a biller can differ depending on whether a card or a bank account is used to issue the payment instruction. Further, depending on the specific facilities allowed by a Paytm business partner, payments to a biller can be made: (a) by issuing a payment instruction for an online debit/charge to a payment account or (b) by scheduling an automated debit to a payment account. In using the bill payment service, You agree to:
provide true, accurate, current and complete information about Yourself (“
Registration
Data
”), Your payment account details (“
Payment
Data
”), Your biller details (“
Biller
Data
”); and
maintain and promptly update the Registration Data, Payment Data and Biller Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete at all times. If You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Paytm has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Paytm has the right to suspend or terminate Your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform (or any portion thereof). The term biller includes telecom operators.
Paytm assumes no responsibility and shall incur no liability if it is unable to affect any payment instruction(s) on the payment date owing to any one or more of the following circumstances:
If the payment instruction(s) issued by You is/are incomplete, inaccurate, invalid and delayed;
If the payment account has insufficient funds/limits to cover for the amount as mentioned in the payment instruction(s);
If the funds available in the payment account are under any encumbrance or charge;
If Your bank or the clearing centre refuses or delays honouring the payment instruction(s);
If payment is not processed by biller upon receipt;
Circumstances beyond the control of Paytm (including, but not limited to fire, flood, natural disasters, bank strikes, power failure, systems failure like computer or communication lines breakdown, unforeseeable causes or interference from an outside force).
In case the bill payment is not effected for any reason, You will be intimated on the Platform about the failed payment.
Bus Tickets
Paytm is only a bus ticket agent. It does not operate buses or offers bus transport services. In order to provide a comprehensive choice of bus operators, departure times and prices to customers, Paytm has tied up with many bus operators and service providers.
Paytm’s advice to customers is to choose the bus operators who they are aware of and whose service they are comfortable with.
Paytm’s responsibilities include:
issuing a valid ticket (a ticket that will be accepted by the bus operator) for its network of bus operators;
providing refund and support in the event of cancellation; and
providing customer support and information in case of any delays/inconvenience.
Paytm’s responsibilities do not include:
The bus operator’s bus not departing/reaching on time;
The bus operator’s employees being unprofessional or engaging in unlawful conduct;
The bus operator’s bus seats, etc., not being up to the customer’s expectation;
The bus operator cancelling the trip due to any reason;
The baggage of the customer getting lost/stolen/damaged;
The bus operator changing a customer’s seat at the last minute to accommodate any of the following passengers: senior citizens, children, pregnant women, persons with disability or any other person in a situation of emergency;
The customer waiting at the wrong boarding point (please call the bus operator to find out the exact boarding point if You are not a regular traveller on that particular bus or route);
The bus operator changing the boarding point and/or using a pick-up vehicle at the boarding point to take customers to the bus departure point.
The arrival and departure times mentioned on the ticket are only tentative timings. However, the bus will not leave the source before the time that is mentioned on the ticket.
Passengers are required to furnish the following at the time of boarding the bus:
A copy of the ticket (a printout of the ticket or the printout of the ticket e mail).
Identity proof (Aadhaar Card, Driving license, Student ID card, Company ID card, Passport, PAN card or Voter ID card). Failing to do so, they may not be allowed to board the bus.
Passengers must also be aware of the following :
Change of bus: In case the bus operator changes the type of bus due to some reason, Paytm will refund the differential amount to the customer upon being intimated by the customers within 24 hours of the journey.
Cancellation Policy: Passengers are expected to read the ticket cancellation policy carefully. Tickets will be cancelled as per the cancellation policy linked with the ticket. The transaction charges will not be refunded in the event of ticket cancellation.
Refund policy mentioned on the ticket is indicative. The actual cancellation charges are determined by bus operators and bus providers at the actual time of cancellation. Paytm has no role in governing the cancellation charges.
Cancellation charges are calculated on the actual fare of the ticket. If any discount coupons are used while purchasing the ticket, the discounted value would be used to calculate the refund amount when a ticket is cancelled.
In case a booking confirmation e mail and SMS gets delayed or fails because of technical reasons or as a result of incorrect e mail ID/phone number provided by the user, etc., a ticket will be considered ‘booked’ as long as the ticket shows up on the confirmation page of the Paytm Platform.
Amenities on the buses as shown on Paytm have been configured and provided by the bus service provider (bus operator). These amenities will be provided unless there are some exceptions on certain days. Please note that Paytm provides this information in good faith to help passengers to make an informed decision. Provision of video, air conditioning and any such other services mentioned by Paytm’s travel partners in the buses is their own responsibility. Any refunds/claims due to non-functioning or un-availability of these services needs to be settled directly with the bus service provider.
Paytm is not responsible for any kind of journey inconvenience, injury or death, caused during the journey or flowing from the journey.
For any issues relating to cancellation or refund, the passenger may contact Paytm within 15 days of date of travel, beyond which period request would not be processed.
Paytm may call the mobile phone number provided by You while registering with the Paytm Platform, or any updated mobile number subsequently provided by You on the Paytm Platform, or contact You via e-mail, for the purpose of collecting feedback from You regarding Your travel bookings, including but not limited to the bus facilities and/or services of the bus operator.
Grievances and claims related to the bus journey should be reported to Paytm support team within 10 days of Your travel date.
Refunds in cases where Airline is declared as Insolvent or Bankrupt
Paytm shall not be liable to pay any refunds whatsoever in cases where the airline closes its operations or declares itself as insolvent or has been declared as insolvent in any legal proceedings. The customers or clients or agents shall not hold Paytm liable to pay the refunds as assured at the time of booking of ticket in cases where the airline closes its operation or declares itself as insolvent or has been declared as insolvent in any legal proceedings.
Movie Tickets
Movie Ticketing Policy
This movie ticketing policy shall apply in respect of the sale and purchase of movie tickets made by a customer/You, on the Paytm Platform.
Paytm is an intermediary within the meaning of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules thereunder and merely facilitates, on behalf of Orbgen Technologies Private Limited (“Orbgen”) (and which is operating under the brand name “Ticketnew”), the sale and purchase of movie tickets between the merchant and customer / You, which has been powered by Orbgen. For the purposes of this policy, a “merchant” shall mean a cinema owner/cinema partner or the person owning inventory of movie tickets that are available for sale on the Paytm Platform. Paytm does not, at any point of time during any transaction between the customer / You and the merchant, either take the ownership of any products or services offered by the merchant or receives any payment made by the customer / You for the booking of tickets on the Paytm Platform. Further, Paytm does not, at any point, assert any rights or claims over the products / services offered by the merchant to the customer / You.
In using the Paytm Platform for purchasing movie tickets, customer / You explicitly agree to the following terms (as may be applicable):
Bookings on the Paytm Platform are facilitated solely on behalf of Orbgen.
Bookings for the tickets once made by customer / You cannot be cancelled, modified, exchanged or refunded unless such policies are provided at the cinema / Paytm Platform and opted-in by the customer / You while booking the movie tickets.
Your booking confirmation will be sent via an e-mail and / or SMS to the Paytm registered contact details and/or shown in the movies section of the Paytm Platform.
Booking ID and / or order ID generated through the Paytm Platform, which also includes the Paytm website/application shall be considered as a valid booking ID by Paytm. Any claims / issues pertaining to the booking ID should be raised with and resolved at Paytm’s customer care and the decision of Paytm shall be final and binding. Such complaints shall be raised on the Paytm Platform via Help & Support section.
Customer / You are advised to keep Your booking IDs secure and in the possession of either Yourself or an authorized representative. Please be aware that anyone who possesses the booking ID will be permitted to exchange it for a valid ticket, without further security checks, as long as they are considered to be the authorized holder of the booking ID.
Customer / You, or the person collecting the ticket(s) on your behalf, will need to present the booking ID / QR code at the counter in order to avail a physical ticket / digital ticket from the cinema box office at the premises of the concerned cinema hall.
Please add movietickets@paytm.com, no-reply@paytm.com, support@ticketnew.com, no-reply@ticketnew.com and noreply@ticketnew.com to Your address book to ensure e-mail delivery in your Paytm registered e-mail ID’s inbox / spambox. Paytm and Orbgen shall not be responsible for any loss caused due to the confirmation e-mail or any other e-mail relating to the ticket booking process not being delivered to Your primary e-mail inbox. You may also refer to the booking confirmation screen to check the booking details.
If You do not receive the booking ID (in the form of SMS / e mail / in-app notification / on the Paytm Platform screen) after submitting payment information, or if You receive an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, You should refresh the page / relaunch the Paytm Platform to get the updated status as booking confirmation can take up to 30 (thirty) minutes. If no booking ID is received even after 30 (thirty) minutes of payment, you should immediately report to the Paytm customer care. Paytm and/or Orbgen and/or shall not be responsible for any losses occurred during this process, due to any default on the part of banks, payment aggregators etc. or for reasons not attributable to Paytm and/or Orbgen.
Booking charges and / or the internet handling charges are levied on all tickets booked online on the Paytm Platform.
The holder of a physical ticket / digital ticket is deemed to be the owner of the ticket(s).
In some cases, cinemas / theatre might request the customer / You to show the movie booking confirmation e-mail / SMS / printout / confirmation message of the movie booking on the Paytm Platform in order to validate Your booking. As per the cinema / theatre admission policy, in case a physical ticket is lost or misplaced or digital ticket is not presented via the Paytm Platform, a duplicate ticket might not be issued. Final decision to allow entry will be at the sole discretion of the cinema / theatre management.
Before purchasing the tickets, You are advised to check the warning about age restrictions for that particular movie. As per applicable laws, individuals under the age of 18 (eighteen) shall not be permitted to enter the cinema / theatre for movies with an A (adult) rating. Additionally, You are further advised to check for any other applicable entry restrictions or ratings that may be in place for specific movies.
3D charges (wherever applicable) may already be included in the ticket prices or may be charged separately from ticket prices or may be collected by the cinema / theatre partner on the cinema premises. Details of charges collected by Paytm will be shown before making the payment for the ticket(s). Customer / You should review the transaction amount before making the booking.
As per the cinema / theatre admission policy, You need to purchase tickets for children above the age of 3 (three) years.
As per the cinema / theatre admission policy, outside food and beverages are not allowed inside the cinema hall’s premises.
You are advised to avoid carrying laptops, handycams, digital cameras and any such electronic equipment to the cinema / theatre. You are advised to check with the cinema / theatre about any restrictions which might be in place for that particular cinema / theatre.
If the merchant cancels or reschedules the movie / show, Paytm and/or Orbgen shall not be held responsible for such cancellation(s) or reschedule. In the event that a merchant cancels or reschedules a movie, Paytm will notify customer / You on best effort basis and shall provide a refund according to the cinema / theatre's policy. Where refund is permissible as per the cinema / theatre's policy, Paytm shall automatically issue a refund to Your original payment mode(s) / other payment mode as opted by customer / You with applicable deductions from the amount paid by customer / You for the movie ticket(s) (including any add-on products) booked on Paytm. After Paytm processes the refund, the amount shall be reflected in your bank account / payment mode as per bank timelines.
If You pay an incorrect amount for a movie ticket, whether due to an error in the displayed price on the Paytm Platform or otherwise communicated to customer / You, or if You are able to book a movie ticket before its scheduled on-sale or presale date, or if You book a movie ticket that was not supposed to have been released for sale, Paytm reserves the right to cancel that particular movie ticket or order and refund the amount that You had paid to the original payment mode(s). This  policy applies even in the case of human error or a transactional malfunction on the Paytm Platform.
All seat layouts are only for representational purposes and the distance between rows including distance from the movie screen can differ from the actual cinema / theatre.
In some cases either the entire cinema / theatre or a few seating categories of the cinema / theatre could be free seating. In free seating cinema / theatre  seating categories, customer / You can only select the count of seats to be booked. No particular seat is booked and booking details will only show the count of seats booked. In such cases, seats are allotted on a First come First Serve basis by the cinema / theatre partner.
Some cinemas / theatres allow customers to book movie tickets on Paytm Platform by only paying the booking charges / internet handling charges. Ticket price amount is collected by the cinema / theatre partner at the cinema / theatre itself before allowing entry to the cinema / theatre. Information about cinemas / theatres working on such a model will be shown to the customer / You during the movie booking flow. Customer / You should check the details shown before proceeding with such booking.
All images shown in the food & beverages section are for representational purposes only.
In the food & beverages section, any nutritional and / or energy and / or allergens information provided against an item is an approximation and is basis the information shared per-serving by the cinema and is displayed “as-is”. It may differ / vary based on ingredients & portion sizes.
By booking a ticket on the Paytm Platform, customer / You agree and undertake to adhere to and comply with the terms and conditions of respective cinemas / theatres in respect of all the bookings made by customer / You through the Paytm Platform.
We may share booking information with Orbgen and the merchants, such as customer / Your name, booking ID, customer’s phone number and / or e-mail ID including any other relevant information for smooth customer entry flow within the cinema / theatre premises and such information would be used for smooth booking experience and / or availing loyalty or rewards points benefits from the cinema/theatre partners, if any and the customer/ You provide your explicit consent for us to share customer / Your data with any third parties as may be required. The customer/ You also agree and acknowledge that the third parties with whom customer / Your data is shared shall be classified as the owner of such transferred data and shall have the ability to deal with and/or process such data in any manner that they deem fit.
By accepting the T&Cs, including the specific terms and conditions in this section, customer / You accept that Paytm and/or Orbgen may send alerts to the mobile phone number / e-mail / Paytm Platform notification / WhatsApp as per the details provided by the customer / You while registering on the Paytm Platform or to any such number replaced and informed by the customer / You subsequently.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, neither Paytm and Orbgen nor their respective affiliates or their respective officers, directors, employees, agents shall have any liability to the customer / You or to any third party for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or any loss of revenue or profits arising under or relating to the T&Cs, the Paytm Platform or Paytm Services, even if any of the said parties had been advised of, knew of, or should have known of, the possibility of such damages. Paytm’s and Orbgen’s  (and their respective  affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents) combined maximum aggregate liability to the customer / You for any causes whatsoever, and regardless of the form of action (whether liability arises due to negligence or any other tort, breach of contract, violation of statute, misrepresentation or for any other reason), shall at all times be limited to the ticket price or Rs. 5,000, whichever is lower. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the customer / You waive, release, discharge and hold harmless Paytm and Orbgen, and their respective affiliates and each of their directors, officers, employees, and agents, from any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, expenses and causes of action arising out of customer / Your use of the Paytm Platform and/or Paytm services. In case of any issues, the interpretation of the same shall be at the sole discretion of Paytm and shall be considered as final and binding on customer / You.
Under no circumstances should customer / You entertain anyone who is selling printouts or SMS messages of booking IDs claiming to be generated by Paytm. If customer / You happen to come across someone who is engaged in this activity, it is important that you report it promptly to Paytm customer care team and to customer / Your local police station.
Cinema Cancellation Policy
1. Cinema / theatre partners may choose to provide flexibility of movie ticket cancellation at their own discretion. These details as made available to Paytm will be available to customer / You at the time of the movie ticket booking.
2. Benefits of cinema / theatre partner’s cancellation policy would be passed on to customer / You on “as-is” basis and Paytm/ Orbgen has no rights / control on the cancellation policy of cinema/ theatre partners.
3. Cinema / theatre partners may change the refund slab of ticket cancellation without any prior information and the refund amount may vary from time-to-time. Customer / You should check the complete booking and cancellation policy before proceeding to book movie tickets on the Paytm Platform.
4. Cancellation charges provided by cinema/theatre partners will be applicable on cancellation of any booking which may vary from time to time or based on customer / Your booking and cinema / theatre cancellation policy. Paytm and/or Orbgen shall not be held responsible for any such changes made to booking and / or cancellation policy.
5. Cinema / theatre partners may choose to provide such cancellation policy benefits to all or some selective users at their sole discretion.
6. Partial cancellation of an order / booking / ticket(s) is not allowed.
7. Benefits of any applied promocode on the order / booking will be considered as redeemed / fulfilled if the ticket(s) are cancelled by customer / You and the benefits of the promocode shall not be availed on any other order / booking.
8. Refund received for the cancelled booking (if any) will be after deduction of any cancellation charges, booking charges, internet handling charges, food vouchers, 3D glass charges, applicable taxes and promotional benefits.
9. If the cancellation of the booking is unsuccessful for any reason, a refund will not be issued and the booking will be considered 'not cancelled' i.e. valid. Customer / You may try to cancel the booking after some time if the booking is still under the cancellation window as per the cancellation policy. In such cases customer / You must contact the Paytm customer care team and / or cinema / theatre customer support with customer / Your booking details.
10. Paytm has the right, in its sole discretion, at anytime to adjust, supplement, modify, revise, terminate, or carry out any necessary alterations to this policy and/or the cancellation feature, either entirely or partially.
Food vouchers policy (if applicable)
1. Paytm may offer food vouchers by partnering with cinema chains to offer you food vouchers which can be redeemed at the cinema / theatre premises.
2. The food vouchers may be available for purchase in the ‘food section’ of the Paytm Platform while booking movie tickets for the respective cinemas / theatres.
3. On buying the food voucher (if available), customer/You will get a code through email and / or SMS which customer / You can use to purchase food and beverage items at the cinema / theatre premises. Customer / You can also find the code on the order summary page which can be accessed by selecting ‘Your order’ in your ‘order history’ of customer / Your Paytm website / application.
4. Based on the respective cinema partners’ discretion, food vouchers purchased from any national / regional cinema chains may be valid at most of the cinemas under that cinema chain with few exceptions. Customer / You are advised to check the details / terms & conditions of the food voucher before making the purchase.
5. Each food voucher may have an expiry date attached to it and is valid for any show till the expiry of that food voucher.
6. The food voucher is non-refundable, either before or after the expiry or in case of movie / show cancellation or cancellation of booking as per cinema / theatre movie ticket cancellation policy.
7. Partial redemption of the food voucher is not allowed.
8. Cinema / theatre partner may allow only one food voucher to be redeemed in one transaction and any excess amount in addition to the one mentioned on the food voucher needs to be paid at the cinema / theatre.
Theme/Water/Amusement Parks Tickets
Paytm is an intermediary within the meaning of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules thereunder and merely facilitates the sale and purchase of tickets between the merchant and the customer. For the purposes of this section, merchant shall mean any theme park, water park, amusement park or any other similar establishment for which ticket(s) have been purchased through the Paytm Platform. Paytm does not at any point of time during any transaction between the customer and merchant take the ownership of any of the products/services provided by the merchant. Nor does Paytm at any point asserts any rights or claims over the products/services offered by the merchant to the customer. In using the online ticketing service on the Paytm Platform, You explicitly agree and acknowledge the following:
Bookings for the tickets once made by You cannot be cancelled, exchanged or refunded;
Your booking confirmation will be sent via an e mail and/or SMS. For e-tickets, You need to print and present the e-mail confirmation at the ticket counter in order to avail a physical ticket(s)and/or band(s), as the case may be, from the ticket counter;
Paytm will not responsible for any loss, damage or injury sustained by the customer at the theme park/water park/amusement park premises or any other similar establishment for which ticket(s) were purchased through the Paytm Platform;
Paytm will not be responsible if certain activities, rides, slides and attractions purported to be offered by the merchant were not functional on any particular day;
By purchasing tickets through the Paytm Platform, You warrant and represent that You are in good health and acknowledge the risks that are incumbent while undertaking the activities offered by the merchants;
Paytm shall will not be responsible for Your health, safety and well-being during or after undertaking the activities offered by the merchant;
To collect the tickets from the ticket counter, it is mandatory for You to present to the merchant run ticket counter, the debit/credit card that has been used to book tickets along with the booking confirmation (SMS/e-mail printout). The holder of a physical ticket is deemed to be the owner of the ticket;
A convenience fee per booking in respect of the ticket may be levied on the tickets booked by You online. Kindly check once before You make the booking;
You need to make bookings for the tickets in respect of children (of certain age or height) as per the merchant terms and conditions;
As per the merchant terms and conditions, in case a physical ticket and/or band is lost or misplaced, a duplicate ticket and/or band cannot be issued;
If the merchant cancels the activities, Paytm will not be held responsible for the same. In such cases, Paytm will automatically issue a refund to Your Paytm wallet with applicable deductions the amount paid by You for the ticket(s) booked on Paytm within 96 hours from the event date;
If You do not receive a confirmation number (in the form of a confirmation SMS or e mail) after submitting payment information, or if You receive an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, You should immediately report to the Paytm customer care. Paytm will not be responsible for any losses occurred in the process;
By making a booking of a merchant ticket, You agree and undertake to adhere to and comply with the terms and conditions of respective merchant establishments in respect of all the bookings made by You for the tickets through the Paytm Platform;
As per the merchant terms and conditions, outside food and beverages are not allowed inside the premises;
By accepting the T&Cs, including the specific terms and conditions in this section, You accept that Paytm may send the alerts to the mobile phone number/email provided by You while registering for the Paytm Platform or to any such number replaced and informed by You subsequently;
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, neither Paytm nor its affiliates of Paytm, its officers, directors, employees shall have any liability to You or to any third party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or any loss of revenue or profits arising under or relating to these terms, the Paytm Platform or the Paytm Services, even if any of said parties had been advised of, knew of, or should have known of the possibility of such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Paytm’s maximum aggregate liability to You for any causes whatsoever, and regardless of the form of action (whether liability arises due to negligence or any other tort, breach of contract, violation of statute, misrepresentation or for any other reason), will at all times be limited to Rs. 5,000. To the maximum extent permitted by law, You waive, release, discharge and hold harmless Paytm or affiliates of Paytm, , and each of their directors, officers, employees, from any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, expenses and causes of action arising out of Your use of the online platform;
Coupon Redemption
In addition to the T&Cs, coupon redemption is subject to standard and specified terms and conditions mentioned by respective retailers. Coupons are issued on behalf of respective retailers. Hence, any damages, injuries, losses incurred by the You as a result of using the coupon is not the responsibility of Paytm and its affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, employees. Total cashback for a user cannot be more than 50% of his payments or Rs 10,000, whichever is higher. This term supersedes any offer related to any other Paytm Service.
e-RUPI voucher
By accepting "
e-RUPI voucher
" (onetime, contactless, cashless-based digital voucher which a customer gets on his phone in the form of an SMS or QR code from National Health Authority ("
NHA
") / Bank for a specific purpose or activity via SMS or QR code,) as a mode of payment. You ("
Entity/ You
") agree to the following terms and conditions ("
Terms
"). These Terms describe the relationship between You and One97 Communications Limited ("
One97/ Paytm
"). For the purposes of this section, Entity shall mean merchants inter alia engaged in the business of hospitals, medical, diagnostics laboratories at various locations in India and is offering its customers the option to pay for its medical and diagnostic related services ("
Services
") through the Paytm Platform. Please read these Terms carefully to understand how You can accept e-RUPI voucher as a mode of payment on "
Paytm for Business
" application located on
business.paytm.com
and associated sites including
paytm.com
or paytm mobile application or any similar platform (hereinafter collectively referred to as
Paytm Platform
) run by One97:
One97 shall provide facility/capability to the Entity to accept e-RUPI voucher for redemption. One97 shall forward the e-RUPI voucher to bank/(s) (which had initiated requests to create e-RUPI) for necessary validation including mapping of merchant category code with purpose code. On receiving the successful response for the validation request, One97 will validate the customer using the verification code. Once the e-RUPI voucher is validated, customer will receive verification code on his mobile number to be entered on Entity’s device integrated with Paytm Platform for verification. Post verification of Entity, the e-RUPI voucher shall be redeemed.
The Transaction Amount paid using e-RUPI voucher, and so collected by One97 on behalf of the Entity shall be deposited in One97’s Nodal Bank Account. Upon receipt of confirmation of receipt/recovery of the amount from the e-RUPI voucher, One97 shall electronically acknowledge the receipt of the amount so received. Upon receipt of such acknowledgement, Entity shall deliver the Services as per the Customer Order and shall provide the invoice to the Customer.
The payments so collected on behalf of the Entity will be released from the Nodal Bank Account by One97 to the bank account specified by Entity in Entity Detail Form within T+1 days (“T” here represents the Date on which One97 receives Transaction Amount from the Facility Provider in its Nodal Bank Account) provided in Entity Detail Form attached hereto. Provided that in case T+1 day is not a Business Day, then the payment shall be made on the immediately following Business Day.
The terms and conditions including issuance, redemption and expiry of e-RUPI voucher shall be as per prevailing laws.
You must comply with all applicable laws when accepting e-RUPI voucher as a payment instrument. You are not permitted to use e-RUPI voucher in violation of applicable laws.
Paytm does not at any point of time during any transaction between the customer and Entity, take the ownership of any of the Services provided by the Entity nor does Paytm at any point asserts any rights or claims over the Services offered by the Entity to the customer.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, neither Paytm nor affiliates of Paytm, its officers, directors, employees shall have any liability to You or to any third party for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or any loss of revenue or profits arising under or relating to these Terms, the Paytm Platform, even if any of said parties had been advised of, knew of, or should have known of the possibility of such damages. The liability of Paytm shall at all times be limited to the value of the eRupi voucher or Rs. five thousand which is lower. You waive, release, discharge and hold harmless Paytm or affiliates of Paytm, and each of their directors, officers, employees, from any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, expenses and causes of action arising out of Your use of Paytm Platform.
In addition to these terms and conditions, the other terms and conditions are set out in "Terms and Condition" section of the
Paytm for Business
" application or website located on
business.paytm.com
Paytm – Travel
Bus Ticket and Hotel Booking
You hereby acknowledge and agree that Paytm merely provides online marketplace services through its Paytm Platform (including but not limited to its website
www.paytm.com
or app) in order to facilitate listings/bookings by aggregators directly and/or through its Merchants (including but not limited to flight, hotel and Bus booking and price comparisons). The travel booking related services are also called the Marketplace Terms are an integral part of the Agreement and the T&Cs. You can make these bookings subject to the respective aggregator’s terms and conditions.
Most hotels have a policy that do not allow unmarried couples to check in. For more information, Paytm requests You to contact the hotel in order to get further clarifications and confirmation or the same can be confirmed on their websites as well. You are requested to please go through the Merchant/vendor provided terms and conditions before making any bookings for hotels, flights, bus, etc., through the Paytm Platform.
If a link to the Merchant/vendor specific terms and conditions is not provided here then You are expected to find them on their websites or procure them from the vendors/Merchants directly through any other means. Paytm is not responsible for Your inability to access such terms and conditions or for any loss resulting from such terms and conditions or lack thereof. You agree and acknowledge that the actual contract for sale is directly between You and the Merchant/vendor. Paytm provides these services to You which are informational in nature.
Paytm is not a travel or booking agent or a last mile service provider to You and, therefore, Paytm shall not be deemed to be liable for any fault in the content/booking/listing services provided by aggregator or the Merchant/vendor. However, in the case of airlines, Paym may act as an online travel agent.
Paytm is not responsible for setting or controlling the prices applicable to such searches and bookings through the Paytm Platform. All such listings/bookings are provided by the aggregator directly and/or through its Merchants/vendors and are subject to the terms and conditions imposed by the concerned aggregator or the Merchant/vendor. Paytm does not control or prevent changes in the published details and descriptions of websites/apps operated by the aggregator or the Merchant/vendor and is not responsible for any content therein. Paytm has no control over the existence, quality, safety or legality of items displayed; the accuracy of the aggregator’s content or listings; the ability of the aggregator and Merchant/vendor to sell items or provide services. Paytm does not at any point of time during any transaction between You and aggregator/Merchant/vendor, take the ownership of any of the listing, bookings offered by the aggregator/Merchant/vendor. Nor does Paytm at any point asserts any rights or claims over the same offered by the aggregator/Merchant/vendor to You. In using the online marketplace service or where Paytm is an online travel agent, You explicitly agree and acknowledge that:
Paytm, through the Paytm Platform makes available, content/listings/bookings offered by the aggregators either directly and/or through its Merchants/vendors. Availing such bookings/listings will be subject to the terms of offer for sale and such other additional terms, if any, as specified by such aggregator.
Paytm is not a warrantor of the content/listings/bookings being offered on Paytm by various aggregators or Merchant/vendors. You understand that any issue or disputes regarding the warranty, guarantee, quality, and service will be addressed as per the terms and conditions of the aggregator or the Merchant/vendors, and You agree to handle such issues and disputes directly between You and the aggregator or Merchant/vendor. You acknowledge that Paytm gives no guarantee, either express or implied, regarding the use or availability of online marketplace service or bookings made by You through the online marketplace or where Paytm is acting as an online travel agent.
Paytm, may at its discretion, offer marketing promotion benefits by way of gift coupons, cash back, free gifts, etc., on all or some of the products or services from time to time. Paytm is not liable for any defect or fault in listings/bookings, content the product or deficiency in service of the aggregator or Merchant/vendor purchased through the Paytm Platform. Paytm is not responsible for any warranty, guarantee, post sale claims, genuineness of listings/bookings, content, products and services as Paytm is just a platform that facilitates booking through the aggregator or Merchant/vendor. Paytm will not be liable for any claims including but not limited to any misrepresentation by the aggregator or the Merchant/vendor in its content/listings/bookings.
The Paytm Platform makes available general Third Party Content. Third Party Content would also be available to You on the e-mail received by You from Paytm. Paytm will not be responsible for infringement of any third party’s intellectual property rights and rights of privacy in such cases. The provision of Third Party Content is for general informational purposes only. You acknowledge that the Third Party Content provided to You is obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Paytm does not provide any guarantee with respect to any the Third Party Content and Paytm shall not be held liable for any loss suffered by You based on its reliance on/or use of such Third Party Content. You should contact such third party site/app for their terms and conditions, privacy policy, complaints and clarification governing various features and offers or the products and services offered by them.
Cancellation/refund: The cancellation/refund in respect of the bookings and charges, if any, will also be governed as per the terms and conditions of the aggregator or of the Merchant/vendor. Paytm has no role in governing refund/cancellation charges. Where Paytm is an online marketplace services provider, Paytm will not be responsible for refund/cancellation including any charges arising therefrom. However for flights or IRCTC where Paytm is an online travel agent, Paytm will act as per the airline or IRCTC prescribed terms. The aggregator or the merchant/vendor is solely responsible for the content/listings/bookings made available by it through the Paytm Platform and You should contact the respective aggregator or Merchant/vendor directly in relation to the above mentioned queries. Where Paytm is acting as an online travel agent (for flights and IRCTC ) you may reach out to Paytm directly as well.
Use of Information: By accepting T&Cs in general including the SSOID terms and the Marketplace Terms, You accept that Paytm may send alerts to the mobile phone number/ e-mail address provided by You while registering for the Paytm Service/Paytm Platform or to any such number/e-mail address replaced and informed by You subsequently.
Limitation of liability and waiver: In no event, Paytm will be liable to You for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, reliance, or exemplary damages (including without limitation lost business opportunities, lost revenues, or loss of anticipated profits or any other pecuniary or non-pecuniary loss or damage of any nature whatsoever) arising out of or relating to: (i) this Agreement, including these T&Cs and Marketplace Terms; (ii) the SSOID Agreement; (iii) the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform or any reference site/app/platform/service; or (iv) Your use or inability to use the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform (including any and all materials) or any reference sites/app/platform/service, even if Paytm or a Paytm authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event, Paytm or any of its directors, employees will be liable to You for any damages, liabilities, losses, and causes of action arising out of or relating to: (i) this Agreement, including these T&Cs and the Marketplace Terms; (ii) the SSOID Agreement; (iii) the Paytm Services, the Paytm Platform or any reference site/app/platform/service; or (iv) Your use or inability to use the Paytm services, the Paytm Platform (including any and all materials) or any reference sites/app/platform/service; or (v) any other interactions with Paytm, however caused and whether arising in contract, tort including negligence, warranty or otherwise, beyond or in excess of the amount paid by You, if any, for using the portion of the Paytm Service or the Paytm Platform giving rise to the cause of action, or beyond or in excess Rs. 5,000, whichever is less. You acknowledge and agree that Paytm has offered its products and services, set its prices, and entered into this Agreement in reliance upon the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein, that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein reflect a reasonable and fair allocation of risk between You and Paytm, and that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein form an essential basis of the bargain between You and Paytm. Paytm would not be able to provide the services to You on an economically reasonable basis without these limitations. Applicable law may not completely allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions will apply to You subject to applicable law. In such cases, Paytm’s liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. This paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement, including these T&Cs, SSOID terms and the Marketplace Terms.
Dispute Resolutions: If any dispute, controversy or claim arises under this Agreement or in relation to any Paytm Service or the Paytm Platform, including any question regarding the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or these T&Cs or these Marketplace Terms (hereinafter
Dispute
), the parties shall use all reasonable endeavours to resolve such Dispute amicably. If the parties are unable to resolve the Dispute amicably within 30 days of the notice of such Dispute, Paytm may elect to resolve any Dispute by a binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996 (hereinafter
Act
). Such Dispute shall be arbitrated on an individual basis and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The Dispute shall be resolved by a sole arbitrator, appointed in accordance with the Act. The seat of the arbitration shall be New Delhi and the language of this arbitration shall be English. Either You or Paytm may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in New Delhi necessary to protect the rights or the property belonging to You or Paytm (or any of our agents, suppliers, and subcontractors), pending the completion of arbitration. Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither You nor Paytm may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcing the arbitration award. All administrative fees and expenses of arbitration will be divided equally between You and Paytm. In all arbitrations, each party will bear the expense of its own lawyers and preparation. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement, the T&Cs or the Marketplace Terms.
Jurisdiction: Subject to the Dispute Resolution section above, You agree that any claim or dispute You may have against Paytm must be resolved by a court having jurisdiction in New Delhi, India. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within New Delhi, India, for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. This Agreement shall be governed by Indian law. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Airline Bookings
Paytm merely acts as a facilitator to enable You to book a flight ticket through the Paytm Platform. The Airline tickets available through Paytm are subject to the terms & conditions of carriage of the concerned Airline. You agree and acknowledge that the actual contract for sale is directly between You and the Airline and that Paytm is not responsible for any issue or disputes regarding the warranty, guarantee, quality, and service. The same will be addressed as per the terms and conditions of the Airlines, and You agree to handle such issues and disputes directly between You and the Airlines.
The Airline retains the right to reschedule flight timings, route or cancel flights or itineraries without prior intimation. Paytm is not liable for any loss, direct or incidental, that You may incur due to such change or cancellation of a flight by the Airline. Any changes that are made to any existing booking shall be subject to any charge/s levied by the respective Airline, You shall be obligated to pay applicable charges in the event of any alteration or modification to an existing booking.
You shall be responsible to ensure that You are in possession of valid travel document/s including but not limited to identity proof, passport, visa (including transit visa) etc. required to undertake the travel. Please check the visa and passport requirements needed for Your travel itinerary from the Airline. Paytm recommends that You ensure checking the requirements of travel of the respective jurisdictions You may transit through with the Airlines.
Tickets booked under certain special categories like student fare, defense fare etc. have additional documentation required. You may be denied boarding by the Airline in case these additional documents are not produced at the time of boarding. You are advised to check with the Airline for the valid documents required for tickets booked under special fares. You understands that the information (if any) provided by Paytm regarding the travel documents is only advisory in nature and should not be considered conclusive. Paytm is not liable for issues related to visa and incorrect passport info or any issues arising under the laws of India or of any other country.
You should check with the airlines directly regarding the check-in timings. Usually, check-in begins 2 hours before departure for domestic flights, and 3 hours before departure for international flights. Failure to check in within the prescribed timelines the Airlines may refuse to allow boarding and accordingly the ticket would result in a “No-show”.
Refund
Refunds will be processed as per the airline fare rules and cancellation policy. The refund policy varies for the different Airlines. For any refund to be processed you have to raise the refund request with Paytm. All cancellations made directly with the Airline need to be intimated to Paytm, in order to initiate the process of refund. Any refunds due to you shall be processed subject to Paytm receiving the same from the airlines. In the event the airlines processes the refund in the form of a credit to be utilized for future bookings made on the same Airline, Paytm shall process the same to reflect against your account and You would be able to utilize the available credit for booking future travel on the same Airline. You agree that in no event shall Paytm be refunding to You, the applicable refund amount in cash if the refund received from the Airlines is in the form of a credit entry. In the event of a No Show, where You did not board the flight, you may request for a refund on the Airport Tax paid after the scheduled date of travel. Paytm will claim the same from the airline on your behalf for necessary refund to you. The refund shall be processed after deducting the PAYTM convenience fee applicable for the transaction.
You are requested to claim the refund within a period not exceeding 365 days from the date of the journey. For claiming any pending refunds you may check on the “my booking” tab on the Paytm Travel section. The processing time for refunds may vary depending on the mode of payment, bank etc. In the case of refunds from the Airline made in cash the refund will be credited to the same account from which the payment was made. For example, if You used a credit card, PAYTM will make an appropriate charge reversal to the same credit card; like-wise if You used a debit card, PAYTM will credit the money to the same debit card. In the event of cancellation and refund of partially utilized tickets, upfront discount and promo code discount availed at the time of booking would be deducted from the refund amount.
Train Ticket Bookings:
Paytm merely acts as a facilitator to enable You to search or book a Train ticket through the Paytm Platform . All train bookings or reservations made through the Paytm Platform are further subject to the applicable terms and conditions by Indian Railways/ IRCTC. The Indian Railways/IRCTC booking terms and conditions can be found on the link provided below;
http://www.indianrail.gov.in/enquiry/StaticPages/StaticEnquiry.jsp?StaticPage=index.html
Booking Process
-To book Train tickets, You will be redirected to the IRCTC website/application. You will then be required to enter Your IRCTC username and password in order to proceed with booking of the Train tickets through Paytm website/application. Users can book a
maximum of 6 seats/ berths
in a booking . Seat/ berth allotment is done by IRCTC based on their internal allocation logic & algorithm. Paytm does not guarantee confirmation of the booking and/or allotment of preferred seat/ berth.
Fully waitlisted
e-tickets are automatically
cancelled by IRCTC
after chart preparation. If passengers with “Waitlist” ticket status are found travelling, they will be treated as “without-ticket” and are liable to be penalized as per IRCTC rules. Tickets booked are
non-transferrable in nature
and are subject to identity verification. Users must carry with them prescribed/
valid government identity
proofs such as PAN card/ Aadhar Card/ Voter ID, Passport etc. at the time of travel or boarding the train for verification/validation purposes. Paytm shall not be responsible for any change in the train schedule by Indian Railways. Users are advised to confirm their train timings ,atleast 24 hours prior to their date of journey.
Modifications
– You shall not be able to modify or make any alterations with respect to Train tickets booked including but not limited to any change in passenger names, change in route, boarding point, date of travel, class of travel etc. through the Paytm Platform. Any modifications to booked tickets can be made only by IRCTC. You are advised to reach out to IRCTC on their customer support numbers/helpline services for any modification of a booked Train ticket.
Payments, Cancellations and Refunds
: Booked train tickets can be cancelled only before chart preparation. Cancellation charges may vary depending on ticket type and time of ticket cancellation. Any Cancellations and refunds will be based on Indian Railways refund and TDR( Ticket Deposit Receipt) filing rules as amended from time to time.In order to make an informed decision You are advised to go through entire “IRCTC cancellation policy” prior to cancellation to know about the relevant/applicable cancellation charges. You can find IRCTC cancellation policy and rules on the link/s provided below:
http://www.indianrail.gov.in/enquiry/StaticPages/StaticEnquiry.jsp?StaticPage=refund_Rules.html&locale=en
http://contents.irctc.co.in/en/eticketCancel.html
https://contents.irctc.co.in/en/CancellationRulesforIRCTCTrain.pdf
While Paytm endeavors to keep the rules and regulations updated at all times but it shall, under no circumstances, be held responsible/liable for not doing the same. You are advised to reach out to IRCTC directly on their allocated customer support numbers/helpline services for all relevant information/ queries related to their booking/bookings.
The payment gateway charges/service fee charged by Paytm at the time of booking the tickets are non-refundable under any & all circumstances. For cancelled or dropped transactions the amount deducted (if any) shall be refunded to the same User bank account/credit card/debit card/Paytm wallet, etc. which was used for booking tickets. Paytm is only a facilitator and any refund for any bookings which are not delivered by IRCTC or for any reason for which You are entitled for a refund is subject to Paytm receiving the amount from IRCTC. You hereby acknowledge and agree that Paytm shall not be held liable for any delay in refund or non-refund of the amount from Indian Railway/ IRCTC.
MMTC – PAMP Terms and Conditions
These “terms” and “Conditions of Use” (“Terms”) constitute an electronic record within the meaning of the applicable laws. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. These Terms shall be in addition to and not in derogation to any other terms as stipulated from time to time. By using this facility on the Paytm Platform, You are agreeing to and accept these Terms.
In these Terms, references to “You/you/Your”, or “Customer” shall mean the counterparty who transacts using the Paytm “Platform”, being a natural person, buying Gold, redeeming Gold in the form of redeemable products, selling back Gold to MMTC-PAMP. “Platform” shall mean, and include, the platforms (website, mobile apps, others) of One97 Communications, that the Customer accesses for the transactions, including all contents, services and technology offered through the Platform. “Service Providers” mean independent third party service providers, and references to the “Seller”, “MMTC-PAMP”, “we”, “us” and “our” shall mean MMTC-PAMP India Private Limited. . “Transfer” refers to a facility to transfer Gold from a gold account to gold account of another Customer(s).
We reserve the right to change these Terms at any time. Such changes will be effective when posted on the Platform and shall be deemed to be notified to the Customer accordingly. Notwithstanding anything contrary, Customer shall be responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms, including amendments thereto as may be posted on the Platform and shall be deemed to have accepted the amended Terms by continuing the use of Platform
MMTC-PAMP/One97 shall be entitled to collect and store relevant information and documents provided by the Customer. For cumulative lifetime purchases of Rs. 50,000/- and above and subsequently from time to time. Further, as and when required by MMTC-PAMP / One97, the Customer will be required to provide additional documents for fulfilling the KYC requirements. You authorize MMTC-PAMP and One97 to make such enquiries as they may feel necessary to satisfy themselves about the validity of Your identity. You undertake to update us and One97 in case of change of Your existing information or verification documents provided by you.
You shall be responsible for the correctness of information to MMTC-PAMP / One97 from time to time. If you have reasons to believe that there is an error in the information furnished to MMTC-PAMP / One97 You shall immediately advice the MMTC-PAMP / One 97 in writing and forthwith provide correct / updated information.
We reserve the right to terminate any Gold account, with or without notice to you, in the event the KYC documents / information are found to be incorrect or authenticity of the documents / information is found to be doubtful. You hereby undertake to indemnify and keep indemnified MMTC-PAMP and One97 against any and all losses, claims, liabilities costs etc. which arise out of or relating to Your failure to identify yourself and validate Your account promptly and / or due to incorrect KYC documents / information.
You can offer to buy Gold worth Rs. 1.00 (Rupee One Only) and above incremental value thereof at the live purchase price of Gold of 999.9 purity displayed on the Platform.
Payment will be accepted only through Your Paytm wallet or other payment options made available on the Platform. At the time of purchase / redemption / sale-back / transfer of Gold, the relevant taxes will be chargeable as applicable as per the Government regulations.
At the time of redemption, the Customer can select redeemable product for redemption from catalogue of redeemable products. These redeemable products will be hosted on the Platform. The list of redeemable products may be altered, changed and amended by MMTC-PAMP from time to time at its sole discretion.
At the time of redemption in physical deliverable product form, the Customer will pay additional manufacturing and delivery charges and applicable taxes on the same. The redeemable product selected from the catalogue for delivery shall be subject to availability of stock with the MMTC-PAMP.
For each confirmed purchase of Gold by the Customer , MMTC-PAMP India will be the custodian of the metal, till (a)) sell-back by the Customer, (b) redemption by the Customer, or (c) expiry of Custody Period. For the purpose of this clause, ‘Custody Period’ shall mean a period of 5 years from each separate purchase of Gold by the Customer. The Gold purchased by You or transferred to Your Gold account will be allocated and stored in a highly advanced and secured vault of MMTC-PAMP, with full insurance cover. If You redeem Your gold after the Custody Period, additional charges will be levied.
The Customer will have the option of redeeming and asking for physical delivery of the full or part of the accumulated gold holding, in the form of redeemable products starting from 1 (One) gm and above. The residual fractional gold remaining, upon redemption / Transfer by You of the entire gold holding, can be sold back by You to us at the live sell-back price of gold of 999.9 purity and the corresponding amount against the residual fractional gold sold by You will be credited in Your Paytm wallet instantly.
The Customer cannot buy and redeem Gold on the same day.
You need to pay the applicable making and delivery charges from Your Paytm wallet or other payment instruments made available on the Platform in order to redeem the redeemable product of Your choice.
Once the redemption has been initiated by You and payment received then Your gold grams will be debited accordingly from Your Gold account.
MMTC-PAMP may also, from time to time in future, offer/permit the Customer to sell-back its gold in fraction to MMTC-PAMP at prevailing live sell-back price of gold of 999.9 purity, during the offer period as may be announced / permitted by MMTC-PAMP. The money against the fractional gold sold by a Customer would be credited to the customer.
Live purchase price of Gold will be displayed on the Platform and is subject to change from time to time. At the time You make request for redemption / sell-back, the value of Gold / quantity of Gold to be redeemed / sold back will be displayed based on live sell-back price of Gold. The live purchase price of Gold and live sell-back price of Gold may vary and also may be different from that available in the open market and/or in any other retail outlet. Your offer may be rejected irrespective of whether an item has been earmarked/wish listed by a Customer. In such an event if You still wish to offer to purchase Gold or sell-back residual fractional Gold, You may make another offer at the changed price. MMTC-PAMP disclaims any and all claims and/or liabilities arising from such non acceptance of offer or revision in prices.
While availing any of the payment method/s available on the Platform, MMTC-PAMP/One97 will not be responsible or assume any liability, whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly to the Customer due to:
Lack of authorization for any transaction/s,
Exceeding the preset limit mutually agreed by and between the Customer and relevant banks of the Customer,
Any payment issues arising out of the transaction,
Illegitimacy of the payment methods (credit/debit card frauds etc.) being used by a Customer;
Temporarily discontinuation of invitation to offer; and / or
Decline of transaction for any reason(s) whatsoever.
MMTC-PAMP may, at its discretion, prescribe maximum individual/cumulative limits for Customers to accumulate gold or transfer Gold through this scheme from time to time, and reserves the right to refuse to accept order exceeding such limit.
At any point of time on any day MMTC-PAMP may temporarily discontinue the invitation to offer for any reason whatsoever.
MMTC-PAMP will, at its discretion, close down gold account of Customers, if (a) they are inactive accounts,(for six months) (b) their Custody Period has expired and / or (c) if MMTC-PAMP decides to discontinue the scheme. In such an event, Customers will be required to redeem and / or sell-back their gold holdings. In the event the Customer chooses not to respond, then (i) in case of expiry of Custody Period, MMTC-PAMP reserves the right to repurchase the gold holding of the Customer at the then prevalent live sell-back price, after deducting applicable charges and taxes, (ii) in case of Inactive GAP account, MMTC-PAMP reserves the right to repurchase the gold holding of the Customer, on the expiry of Custody Period, at the then prevalent live sell-back price, (iii) in case of discontinuation of scheme by MMTC-PAMP, MMTC-PAMP reserves the right to repurchase the gold holding of the Customer, on the expiry of Custody Period, at the then prevalent live sell-back price For the purpose of this Clause ‘Inactive Account’ shall mean an account in which there has not been any transaction for a period of 6 (six) months or more.
All the proceedings of such forced buy back by MMTC- PAMP shall be kept in a dedicated GAP account and Customer or its successors can claim it after providing sufficient proofs (Id, relationship etc)
The Customer will not be entitled to make an offer if the zip code of delivery address is outside serviceable areas. At time of redemption the Customer will be required to provide full delivery address.
All redeemable products selected for delivery by Customer for redemption, shall be delivered within India as per instructions of the Customer through our logistics partners. All deliveries where applicable shall be made on a best efforts basis, and while MMTC-PAMP will endeavor to deliver the Products on the dates intimated, the MMTC-PAMP disclaims any claims or liabilities arising from any delay in this regard.
The logistics partner of MMTC-PAMP will make a maximum of three attempts to deliver Your order. After three attempts gold coin will be delivered back to MMTC-PAMP and customer will need to put the fresh request for the redemption.
MMTC-PAMP shall not be liable / responsible, in any manner whatsoever, for any loss / liability arising out of or relating to any technical failure / issue in Platform and / or acts / omission not attributable to MMTC-PAMP.
Notwithstanding anything contrary contained herein, the service, the interface and API work, and their respective information, pricing and data, and availability are subject at any time and from time to time to human, mechanical , typographic, or other errors, oversights, mistakes, limitations, delays, service interruptions, including, without limitation, as may be due in whole or in part to, related to or arising out of (i) computer hardware and software, telecommunication and operating systems, databases, or business processes and procedures, other problems inherent in, or which may be associated with, the use of the internet and electronic communications including, without limitation, force majeure event , government / regulatory actions, orders, notifications etc. and / or and acts and omissions of third parties etc. affecting or impacting the service, the interface or the API work, its information and data, or such communications. Customer acknowledges and agrees that MMTC PAMP is not responsible or liable whatsoever for delays, failures, or other loss due to, caused by or resulting from any such problems, in whole or in part. If Your gold account is over credited or wrongfully credited / debited, then MMTC PAMP has right to reverse / cancel without notice or require cancellation / reversal of such transaction at its sole discretion and debit / credit the gold to / from Your gold account, as the case may be. MMTC-PAMP shall not be liable for any wrong transfer of gold by you to another account (including but not limited to transfer to a different user / customer etc.) and the gold grams shall not be reversed to you in case of an erroneous transfer and / or in case the transferee has already transacted the gold transferred.
Upon MMTC-PAMP confirming the purchase, redemption, sale-back of Gold in his / her Gold account by Customer, the order / request of Customer to purchase / redemption / sale-back / transfer, as the case may be, shall be binding on the Customer and cannot be cancelled.
The Customer shall inform immediately, in any case no later than [30] days of the transaction, of any irregularities or discrepancies that may exist in his/her gold account, failing which it shall be deemed that there is no error or discrepancies in the account. All records maintained by MMTC-PAMP, in electronic or documentary form of the instructions of the Customer and such other details (including, but not limited to payments made or received) pursuant to the Terms, shall as against the Customer, be deemed to be conclusive evidence of such instructions.
The Customer understands and acknowledges that any purchase, redemption, sale-back or transfer from / to gold account will be on instructions received by the Customer, and the Customer that You will not violate any applicable laws or regulations for the time being in force in or outside India. The Customer shall be responsible for complying with applicable laws in respect of purchase, redemption, , sale-back to and from the gold account including but not limited to the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, the Prohibitions of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1998, Income Tax Act, 1961 etc including amendment thereof. Customer also agrees and undertakes that he /she will not open any account in the name of any minor. MMTC-PAMP will not be liable in any manner in this regard.
The Customer feedbacks pertaining to products shall be deemed to be non-confidential and non-compensatory in nature. MMTC-PAMP reserves the right, at its sole discretion to use such information for its internal purposes.
In the event of termination / expiry of MMTC-PAMP’s arrangement with One97 / Paytm or otherwise at any point of time, MMTC-PAMP and Paytm may agree to migrate Your Gold account to an alternative platform and continue with Gold account on such alternative platform (as decided by MMTC-PAMP). MMTC-PAMP/Paytm shall also be entitled to notify the Customer for redemption of the products within the time lines as specified in the notice sent by MMTC-PAMP in this regard.
These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of India. The courts in New Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any matters arising therefrom.
In the event any dispute arises out of or in connection with the Terms herein, including the validity hereof, the parties hereto shall endeavor to settle such dispute amicably in the first instance. The attempt to bring about an amicable settlement shall be treated as having failed as soon as one of the parties hereto, after reasonable attempts, which shall continue for not less than 15 (Fifteen) calendar days, gives a notice to this effect, to the other party in writing.
Waiver:
Any failure or delay by Paytm/MMTC-PAMP to enforce or exercise any provision of these Terms, or any related right, shall not constitute a waiver by Paytm/MMTC-PAMP of that provision or right. The exercise of one or more of a Paytm/MMTC-PAMP’s rights hereunder shall not be a waiver of, or preclude the exercise of, any rights or remedies available to MMTC-PAMP under these Terms or in law or at equity. Any waiver of any provision shall only be effective if made in writing and executed by a duly authorized officer of MMTC-PAMP.
Force Majeure:
If performance under these Terms by Paytm/MMTC-PAMP is prevented, restricted, delayed or interfered with by reason of labor disputes, strikes, acts of God, floods, lightning, severe weather, shortages of materials, rationing, inducement of any virus, Trojan or other disruptive mechanisms, any event of hacking or illegal usage of the Platform, utility or communication failures, earthquakes, war, revolution, acts of terrorism, civil commotion, acts of public enemies, blockade, embargo or any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand or requirement having legal effect of any government or any judicial authority or representative of any such government, or any other act whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to those referred to in this clause, which are beyond the reasonable control of the Paytm/MMTC-PAMP and could not have been prevented by reasonable precautions then the MMTC-PAMP shall in to be excused and discharged from such performance to the extent of and during the period of such force majeure event, and such non-performance shall, in no manner whosoever, amount to a breach by the Paytm/MMTC-PAMP of its obligations herein.
Absence of relationship:
You represent and warrant to Paytm/MMTC-PAMP that You have sufficient experience and knowledge to make informed decisions to purchase/ redeem/ / sale-back Gold/Redeemable Products. You acknowledge that You are making all of Your own decisions in connection with purchases or redemption or sale-back and that You have not relied on any information made available by Paytm/MMTC-PAMP, and that Paytm/MMTC-PAMP is not making any recommendation with respect to such purchases/redemption/sale-back/ of Gold/Redeemable Products. No relationship other than seller-purchase, including, without limitation, any agent-principal relationship, any advisor-advisee relationship, any employee-employer relationship, any franchisee-franchisor relationship, any joint venture relationship or any partnership relationship, exists between You and MMTC-PAMP.
Electronic Order Risks:
Order entry systems have been designed to provide an efficient and dependable method for entering orders. Commercial internet service providers are not 100% reliable and a failure by one or more of these providers may affect internet-based order entry. You acknowledge that the order entry system is an electronic mechanical system and as such may be subject to failure beyond the control of Paytm/MMTC-PAMP. Therefore, Paytm/MMTC-PAMP shall not be responsible for errors, negligence, inability to execute orders, delays in transmission, delivery or execution of order due to breakdown or failure of transmission or communication facilities, or to any other cause beyond Paytm/MMTC-PAMP’s control or anticipation. You acknowledge that pricing or typographical errors may occur and that therefore, in the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, Paytm/MMTC-PAMP reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel or reject any orders placed for the products. Furthermore, MMTC-PAMP reserves the right to deny refuse or cancel or reject any orders placed in case of market volatility and/ or unusual circumstances or conditions. This includes, without limitation, unexpected unavailability of product/Gold.
Customer responsibility for taxes, tariffs and duties: You acknowledge that You are solely responsible for all taxes, tariffs and duties that may be incurred as a result of purchase/redemption/ of Gold/Redeemable Products. Paytm/MMTC-PAMP will only collect taxes, tariffs and duties on transactions to the extent explicitly required by law. It is Your responsibility to be aware and properly address any taxes, tariffs and duties to which You may be subject by any local, state and/ or federal governments. If You have any questions about taxes, tariffs and duties, You should consult a tax or other professional about Your unique circumstances. Paytm/MMTC-PAMP does not represent to provide advice or recommendations about Your specific taxes, tariffs and duties and any statements made by us are only for the purpose of raising issues for You to discuss with Your tax or other professional.
Indemnification: Customer hereby agrees to indemnify and keep Paytm indemnified from and against all actions, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, damages, personal injury, costs, charges and expenses, directly or indirectly, whatsoever (‘Losses’) which Paytm or its employees, agents, workers or representative may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be put to as a consequence of or by reason of or arising out of:
the usage of the Platform by the Customer;
by reason of MMTC-PAMP ‘s acting in good faith and taking or refusing to take or omitting to take action on the Customer’s instructions, and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of the negligence, mistake or misconduct of the Customer;
breach or noncompliance of the Terms and relating to the gold account; and/or
fraud or dishonesty relating to any transaction by the Customer.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, Paytm shall be under no liability whatsoever to the Customer in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of:
Effecting transaction based on instructions received from Customers,
The instruction of a Customer to transfer Gold from his / her gold account to another gold account,
The exercise by MMTC-PAMP of its right to terminate / exercise the facility/services provided on the Platform,
Any injury to the credit, character and reputation of the Customer due to use of facility/ services on the Platform,
Any misstatement, misrepresentation, error or omission in any details disclosed by Paytm/MMTC-PAMP if it receives any process, summons, order, injunction, execution distrait, levy lien, information or notice which Paytm/MMTC-PAMP in good faith believes/ calls into question the Customer’s ability, or the ability of someone purporting to be authorised by the Customer, to make the transfer, MMTC-PAMP may, at its option and without liability to the Customer or such other person, decline to allow the Customer to obtain any portion of his gold/ product, or may handover such gold/product over to an appropriate authority and take any other steps required by applicable law.
Disclaimers and limits of liability: Paytm/MMTC-PAMP does not make any representations, recommendations, projections, warranties or guarantees of any kind, either expressed or implied, as to the performance of its Gold/Redeemable Products with respect to future prices or any return on investment. Paytm/MMTC-PAMP will not be liable to any Customer (including but not limited to Transferee) for any Losses caused by or relating to transfer/deposit of Gold to gold account of any other Customer. Paytm/MMTC-PAMP explicitly urges to all its Customers to inspect the package for any damage or tamper before receiving or signing for receipt. If You find any tampering, do not accept the parcel and return the same. MMTC-PAMP will not be liable for any loss or damage caused if the Customer accepts the parcel inspite of it being damaged or tampered. The duty to verify the parcel for any damages or tampering is of the Customer and if the Customer accepts the parcel and later comes to know of any damage or tampering, Paytm/MMTC-PAMP shall not be liable for any loss or damage to Customer. If such loss is later reported and approved by logistics partner and Insurance Company, the limit of liability shall be restricted to the amount paid by the logistic partner for such loss or damage in transit as per their terms and conditions and the same shall be binding upon the Customer.
You acknowledge that Paytm/MMTC-PAMP will not be liable to You or any other person as a result of Your access or use of Gold/Redeemable Product for indirect, consequential, special, incidental, punitive, or exemplary damages, including, without limitation, lost profits, lost savings and lost revenues (collectively, the “excluded damages”), whether or not characterized in negligence, tort, contract, or other theory of liability. In no event will Paytm/MMTC-PAMP or any of its directors, employees total liability to You for all damages, losses, liabilities and causes of action under these Terms and the facility/ services provided by Paytm/MMTC-PAMP collectively exceed total amount paid by You, if any, for access to that particular products or services. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.
You declare that You are an individual not having registration and neither required to take registration under Central Goods and Service Tax Act 2017, State Goods and Service Tax Act 2017, Integrated Goods and Service Tax Act 2017 and Union Territory Goods and Service Tax Act 2017.
You declare that gold You are selling was previously owned by You for personal use.
You declare that You are not an unregistered dealer of gold and silver or any other precious metal ornament or any related product.
If found of any misrepresentation then You would be solely responsible for all types the tax, interest and penalty due to the government at any given point of time.
Augmont Terms & Conditions
These “Terms” and “Conditions of Use” (“Terms/Augmont Terms and Conditions”) constitute an electronic record within the meaning of the applicable laws. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. These Terms shall be in addition to and not in derogation to any other terms as stipulated from time to time. By using this facility on the Paytm Platform, You are agreeing to and accept these Terms.
A. Gold Accumulation Plan Terms and Conditions
Please read these Terms carefully.
In these Terms, references to “You/you/Your”, or “Customer” shall mean the counterparty who transacts using the Paytm Platform/Platform, being a natural person, buying Gold, redeeming Gold in the form of redeemable products, selling back Gold to Augmont. “Platform” shall mean, and include, the platforms (website, mobile apps, others) of One97 that the Customer accesses for the transactions, including all contents, services and technology offered through the Platform. “Service Providers” mean independent third party service providers, and references to the “Seller”, “Augmont”, “we/We”, “us” and “our” shall mean Augmont Gold Private Limited. “Customer’s Gold Accumulation Plan Account”/ (“GAP account”)” shall mean gold accumulation plan account of the individual Customer identified through his/her Paytm account based in the registered mobile number present in records of One97. “Transfer” refers to a facility to transfer Gold from a GAP account to another Customer’s GAP account.
Augmont or One97 may revise these Terms from time to time and at any time. Such changes shall be effective when posted on the Platform and shall be deemed to be notified to the Customer. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Access and Use, as modified from time to time, you should leave the Platform immediately.
Augmont/One97 shall be entitled to collect and store relevant information and documents provided by the Customer. Further, as and when required by Augmont / One97 based on the government regulations, the Customer will be required to provide additional documents for fulfilling the KYC requirements. You authorize Augmont and One97 to make such enquiries as they may feel necessary to satisfy themselves about the validity of Your identity. You undertake to update us and One97 in case of change of Your existing information or verification documents provided by You.
You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Platform and maintain and promptly update to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If You have reasons to believe that there is an error in the information furnished to Augmont /One97 You shall immediately advice the Augmont / One 97 in writing and forthwith provide correct / updated information.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Augmont/One97 has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Augmont/One97 has the right to suspend or terminate your account/GAP account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Platform (or any portion thereof) without any liability to you. You hereby undertake to indemnify and keep indemnified One97 against any and all losses, claims, liabilities costs etc. which arise out of or relating to Your failure to identify Yourself and validate Your account/GAP account promptly and / or due to incorrect KYC documents / information.
You can offer to buy Gold worth Rs. 1.00 (Rupee One Only) and above incremental value thereof at the live purchase price of Gold of 99.9% purity displayed on the Platform.
Payment will be accepted only through Your Paytm wallet or other payment options made available on the Platform. At the time of purchase / redemption / sale-back / transfer of Gold, the relevant taxes will be chargeable as applicable as per the Government regulations.
At the time of redemption, the Customer can select redeemable product for redemption from catalogue of redeemable products. These redeemable products will be hosted on the Platform. The list of redeemable products may be altered, changed and amended by Augmont from time to time at its sole discretion.
At the time of redemption in physical deliverable product form, the Customer will pay additional making and delivery charges and applicable taxes on the same. The redeemable product selected from the catalogue for delivery shall be subject to availability of stock with Augmont.
For each confirmed purchase of Gold by the Customer, Augmont will transfer the metal to the vaulting agencies and it will be held there, under the supervision of an independent trustee, till (a)) sell-back by the Customer, (b) redemption by the Customer.
The Customer will have the option of redeeming and asking for physical delivery of the full or part of the accumulated gold holding, in the form of redeemable products made available on the Platform from time to time. The residual fractional gold remaining, upon redemption / Transfer by You of the entire gold holding, can be sold back by You to us at the live sell-back price of gold of 99.9% purity and the corresponding amount against the residual fractional gold sold by You will be credited in Your Paytm wallet instantly.
You need to pay the applicable making and delivery charges from Your Paytm wallet or other payment instruments made available on the Platform in order to redeem the redeemable product of Your choice.
Once the redemption has been initiated by You and payment received then Your gold grams will be debited accordingly from Your GAP account.
Augmont may also, from time to time in future, offer/permit the Customer to sell-back its gold in fraction to Augmont at prevailing live sell-back price of gold of 99.9% purity, during the offer period as may be announced / permitted by Augmont. The money against the fractional gold sold by a Customer would be credited to the Customer.
Live purchase price of Gold will be displayed on the Platform and is subject to change from time to time. At the time You make request for redemption / sell-back, the value of Gold / quantity of Gold to be redeemed / sold back will be displayed based on live sell-back price of Gold. The live purchase price of Gold and live sell-back price of Gold may vary and also may be different from that available in the open market and/or in any other retail outlet. Your offer may be rejected irrespective of whether an item has been earmarked/wish listed by a Customer. In such an event if You still wish to offer to purchase Gold or sell-back residual fractional Gold, You may make another offer at the changed price. Augmont/One97 disclaims any and all claims and/or liabilities arising from such non acceptance of offer or revision in prices.
While availing any of the payment method/s available on the Platform, Augmont/One97 will not be responsible or assume any liability, whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly to the Customer due to:
Lack of authorization for any transaction/s,
Exceeding the preset limit mutually agreed by and between the Customer and relevant banks of the Customer,
Any payment issues arising out of the transaction,
Illegitimacy of the payment methods (credit/debit card frauds etc.) being used by a Customer;
Temporarily discontinuation of invitation to offer; and / or
Decline of transaction for any reason(s) whatsoever.
Augmont may, at its discretion, prescribe maximum individual/cumulative limits for Customers to accumulate gold or transfer Gold through this scheme from time to time, and reserves the right to refuse to accept order exceeding such limit.
At any point of time on any day Augmont may temporarily discontinue the invitation to offer for any reason whatsoever.
Augmont will, at its discretion, close down GAP account of Customers, if (a) they are inactive accounts,(for six months) (b) if Augmont decides to discontinue the scheme. In such an event, Customers will be required to redeem and / or sell-back their gold holdings. In the event the Customer chooses not to respond, then Augmont reserves the right to repurchase the gold holding of the Customer, at the then prevalent live sell-back price.
Any Gold lying in vault, and business deposit is non transferrable unless specifically allowed by Augmont. However in case of death or insanity, Augmont shall transfer such Gold, and advance balance to Your legal heir(s) after the required due diligence and Your legal heir(s) shall be regarded as the registered user thereafter.
The Customer will not be entitled to redeem the Gold if the zip code of delivery address is outside serviceable areas. At time of redemption the Customer will be required to provide full delivery address.
All redeemable products selected for delivery by Customer for redemption, shall be delivered within India as per instructions of the Customer through our/One97’s logistics partners. All deliveries where applicable shall be made on a best efforts basis, and while Augmont/One97 will endeavor to deliver the products on the dates intimated, Augmont/One97 disclaims any claims or liabilities arising from any delay in this regard.
The logistics partner will make a maximum of three attempts to deliver Your order. After three attempts gold coin will be delivered back to Augmont and Customer will need to put the fresh request for the redemption.
Augmont/One97 shall not be liable / responsible, in any manner whatsoever, for any loss / liability arising out of or relating to any technical failure / issue in Platform and / or acts / omission not attributable to Augmont/One97.
Notwithstanding anything contrary contained herein, the service, the interface and API work, and their respective information, pricing and data, and availability are subject at any time and from time to time to human, mechanical, typographic, or other errors, oversights, mistakes, limitations, delays, service interruptions, including, without limitation, as may be due in whole or in part to, related to or arising out of (i) computer hardware and software, telecommunication and operating systems, databases, or business processes and procedures, other problems inherent in, or which may be associated with, the use of the internet and electronic communications including, without limitation, force majeure event , government / regulatory actions, orders, notifications etc. and / or and acts and omissions of third parties etc. affecting or impacting the service, the interface or the API work, its information and data, or such communications. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Augmont/One97 is not responsible or liable whatsoever for delays, failures, or other loss due to, caused by or resulting from any such problems, in whole or in part. If your GAP account is over credited or wrongfully credited / debited, then Augmont/One97 has right to reverse / cancel without notice or require cancellation / reversal of such transaction at its sole discretion and debit / credit the gold to / from your GAP account, as the case may be. Augmont/One97 shall not be liable for any wrong transfer of Gold by you to another GAP account (including but not limited to transfer to a different user / customer etc.) and the gold grams shall not be reversed to you in case of an erroneous transfer and / or in case the transferee has already transacted the Gold transferred.
Upon Augmont confirming the purchase, redemption, sale-back of Gold in his / her GAP account by Customer, the order / request of Customer to purchase / redemption / sale-back / transfer, as the case may be, shall be binding on the Customer and cannot be cancelled.
The Customer shall inform immediately, in any case no later than [30] days of the transaction, of any irregularities or discrepancies that may exist in his/her GAP account, failing which it shall be deemed that there is no error or discrepancies in the GAP account. All records maintained by Augmont/One97, in electronic or documentary form of the instructions of the Customer and such other details (including, but not limited to payments made or received) pursuant to the Terms, shall as against the Customer, be deemed to be conclusive evidence of such instructions.
The Customer understands and acknowledges that any purchase, redemption, sale-back or transfer from / to GAP account will be on instructions received by the Customer, and the Customer will not violate any applicable laws or regulations for the time being in force in or outside India. The Customer shall be responsible for complying with applicable laws in respect of purchase, redemption, sale-back to and from the GAP account including but not limited to the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, the Prohibitions of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1998, Income Tax Act, 1961 etc including amendment thereof. Customer also agrees and undertakes that he /she will not open any account/GAP account in the name of any minor. Augmont/One97 will not be liable in any manner in this regard.
The Customer feedbacks pertaining to products shall be deemed to be non-confidential and non-compensatory in nature. Augmont/One97 reserves the right, at its sole discretion to use such information for its internal purposes.
In the event of termination / expiry of Augmont’s arrangement with One97 or otherwise at any point of time, Augmont and/or One97 may notify You to sell back Your Gold balance to Augmont or migrate Your GAP account to an alternative platform and continue with GAP account on such alternative platform (as decided by Augmont/One97).
These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of India. The courts in Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any matters arising therefrom.
In the event any dispute arises out of or in connection with the Terms herein, including the validity hereof, the parties hereto shall endeavor to settle such dispute amicably in the first instance. The attempt to bring about an amicable settlement shall be treated as having failed as soon as one of the parties hereto, after reasonable attempts, which shall continue for not less than 15 (Fifteen) calendar days, gives a notice to this effect, to the other party in writing.
Waiver:
Any failure or delay by One97/Augmont to enforce or exercise any provision of these Terms, or any related right, shall not constitute a waiver by One97/Augmont of that provision or right. The exercise of one or more of a One97/Augmont’s rights hereunder shall not be a waiver of, or preclude the exercise of, any rights or remedies available to Augmont/One97 under these Terms or in law or at equity. Any waiver of any provision shall only be effective if made in writing and executed by a duly authorized officer of Augmont/One97.
Force Majeure:
If performance under these Terms by One97/Augmont is prevented, restricted, delayed or interfered with by reason of labor disputes, strikes, acts of God, floods, lightning, severe weather, shortages of materials, rationing, inducement of any virus, Trojan or other disruptive mechanisms, any event of hacking or illegal usage of the Platform, utility or communication failures, earthquakes, war, revolution, acts of terrorism, civil commotion, acts of public enemies, blockade, embargo or any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand or requirement having legal effect of any government or any judicial authority or representative of any such government, or any other act whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to those referred to in this clause, which are beyond the reasonable control of the One97/Augmont and could not have been prevented by reasonable precautions then the Augmont/One97 shall in to be excused and discharged from such performance to the extent of and during the period of such force majeure event, and such non-performance shall, in no manner whosoever, amount to a breach by the One97/Augmont of its obligations herein.
Absence of relationship:
You represent and warrant to One97/Augmont that You have sufficient experience and knowledge to make informed decisions to purchase/ redeem/ sale-back Gold/Redeemable Products. You acknowledge that You are making all of Your own decisions in connection with purchases or redemption or sale-back and that You have not relied on any information made available by One97/Augmont, and that One97/Augmont is not making any recommendation with respect to such purchases/redemption/sale-back/ of Gold/redeemable products. No relationship other than seller-purchaser, including, without limitation, any agent-principal relationship, any advisor-advisee relationship, any employee-employer relationship, any franchisee-franchisor relationship, any joint venture relationship or any partnership relationship, exists between You and Augmont. Further, these Terms do not constitute any agent-principal relationship, any advisor-advisee relationship, any employee-employer relationship, any franchisee-franchisor relationship, any joint venture relationship or any partnership relationship between You and One97.
Electronic Order Risks:
Order entry systems have been designed to provide an efficient and dependable method for entering orders. Commercial internet service providers are not 100% reliable and a failure by one or more of these providers may affect internet-based order entry. You acknowledge that the order entry system is an electronic mechanical system and as such may be subject to failure beyond the control of One97/Augmont. Therefore, One97/Augmont shall not be responsible for errors, negligence, inability to execute orders, delays in transmission, delivery or execution of order due to breakdown or failure of transmission or communication facilities, or to any other cause beyond One97/Augmont’s control or anticipation. You acknowledge that pricing or typographical errors may occur and that therefore, in the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, One97/Augmont reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel or reject any orders placed for the products. Furthermore, Augmont/One97 reserves the right to deny refuse or cancel or reject any orders placed in case of market volatility and/ or unusual circumstances or conditions. This includes, without limitation, unexpected unavailability of product/Gold.
Customer responsibility for taxes, tariffs and duties: You acknowledge that You are solely responsible for all taxes, tariffs and duties that may be incurred as a result of purchase/redemption/ of Gold/redeemable products. One97/Augmont will only collect taxes, tariffs and duties on transactions to the extent explicitly required by law. It is Your responsibility to be aware and properly address any taxes, tariffs and duties to which You may be subject by any local, state and/ or federal governments. If You have any questions about taxes, tariffs and duties, You should consult a tax or other professional about Your unique circumstances. One97/Augmont does not represent to provide advice or recommendations about Your specific taxes, tariffs and duties and any statements made by us are only for the purpose of raising issues for You to discuss with Your tax or other professional.
Indemnification: Customer hereby agrees to indemnify and keep One97 indemnified from and against all actions, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, damages, personal injury, costs, charges and expenses, directly or indirectly, whatsoever (‘Losses’) which One97 or its employees, agents, workers or representative may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be put to as a consequence of or by reason of or arising out of:
the usage of the Platform by the Customer;
by reason of Augmont ‘s acting in good faith and taking or refusing to take or omitting to take action on the Customer’s instructions, and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of the negligence, mistake or misconduct of the Customer;
breach or noncompliance of the Terms and relating to the GAP account; and/or
fraud or dishonesty relating to any transaction by the Customer. Without prejudice to the foregoing, Paytm shall be under no liability whatsoever to the Customer in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of: (i) Effecting transaction based on instructions received from Customers, (ii) The instruction of a Customer to transfer Gold from his / her GAP to another GAP, (iii) The exercise by Augmont of its right to terminate / exercise the facility/services provided on the Platform, (iv) Any injury to the credit, character and reputation of the Customer due to use of facility/ services on the Platform, (v) Any misstatement, misrepresentation, error or omission in any details disclosed by One97 if it receives any process, summons, order, injunction, execution distrait, levy lien, information or notice which One97 in good faith believes/ calls into question the Customer’s ability, or the ability of someone purporting to be authorized by the Customer, to make the transfer.
Augmont/One97 may, at its option and without liability to the Customer or such other person, decline to allow the Customer to obtain any portion of his gold/ product, or may handover such gold/product over to an appropriate authority and take any other steps required by applicable law.
Disclaimers and limits of liability: One97 does not make any representations, recommendations, projections, warranties or guarantees of any kind, either expressed or implied, as to the performance of the Gold/Redeemable Products with respect to future prices or any return on investment. One97 will not be liable to any Customer (including but not limited to Transferee) for any losses caused by or relating to transfer/deposit of Gold to GAP account of any other Customer. Paytm explicitly urges to all its Customers to inspect the package with the gold product (“Package”) for any damage or tampering before receiving or signing for receipt. Any complaint / issue with respect to the quantity, make, quality etc., of the product/gold product delivered to a Customer(s) must be raised by the Customer(s) within a period of 7 days from the date of delivery. One97/Augmont will not be liable for any loss or damage caused if the Customer accepts Package in spite of it being damaged or tampered. If You find any tampering, do not accept Package and return the same. The duty to verify the Package for any damages or tampering is of the Customer and if the Customer accepts the Package and later comes to know of any damage or tampering, One97/Augmont shall not be liable for any loss or damage to Customer. If such loss is later reported and approved by logistics partner and insurance company, the limit of liability shall be restricted to the amount paid by the logistic partner for such loss or damage in transit as per their terms and conditions and the same shall be binding upon the Customer.
You acknowledge that Paytm will not be liable to You or any other person for indirect, consequential, special, incidental, punitive, or exemplary damages, including, without limitation, lost profits, lost savings and lost revenues (collectively, the “excluded damages”), whether or not characterized in negligence, tort, contract, or other theory of liability. In no event will Paytm or any of its directors, employees total liability to You for all damages, losses, liabilities and causes of action under these Terms and the facility/ services provided by Paytm collectively exceed total amount paid by You, if any, for access to that particular products or services. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.
You expressly agree that use of the Platform is at your sole risk. While we/One97 will take all reasonable precautions to ensure uninterrupted and error-free operations, your access and use of the Platform is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We/One97 and our licensors, suppliers, vendors, parent, holding, subsidiary and related companies, affiliates, officers, agents and employees expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. In no event shall Augmont/One97 be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses resulting from:
The use or the inability to use our services or access content,
The cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from transactions entered into through or from the Platform,
The unauthorized access to or alterations of your transmissions or data,
Statements or conduct of any third party on the service, or
Any other matter relating to any service or product offered, delivered or agreed to be delivered, even if Augmont/One 97 has been advised of the possibility of damages.
You declare that You are an individual not having registration and neither required to take registration under Central Goods and Service Tax Act 2017, State Goods and Service Tax Act 2017, Integrated Goods and Service Tax Act 2017 and Union Territory Goods and Service Tax Act 2017.
You declare that gold You are selling was previously owned by You for personal use.
You declare that You are not an unregistered dealer of gold and silver or any other precious metal ornament or any related product.
If there has been any misrepresentation by You, You would be solely responsible for all types the tax, interest and penalty due to the government at any given point of time.
Except where noted otherwise, the prices displayed for products on the Platform represents the value of the respective product. For certain transactions, you shall bear fees and charges in addition to payment for prices displayed on the Platform. Such additional fees and charges shall be as are stated on the Platform. Please pay attention to the details of your transactions, because your total price for a transaction may include taxes, fees and shipping costs, which you are responsible for paying.
Gold Transfer / Gold P2P Transfer:
Upon transfer of Gold from a Customer, if recipient Customer already has an existing Gold Accumulation Plan Account (GAP) with relevant Gold seller ( MMTC-PAMP for 24k 99.99% Purity Gold & Augmont for 24k 99.90% Purity Gold) , Gold will be credited in such account, otherwise a new GAP account will be created for such recipient Customer. Such Gold account would be created in recipient Customer name as per recipient Customer details available with Paytm. Transfer is subject to profile completion. Upon successful creation of account of recipient Customer, the transferred Gold shall be credited to such account. GAP accounts are offered, created, operated and maintained by MMTC-PAMP & Augmont. If Pin Code is already provided in the GAP account then that will be used otherwise the new account would assume a Pin Code – 122103 for MMTC-PAMP’s GAP account and 400003 for Augmont’s GAP account. These are based on Gold seller’s location.
Promotional Goldback Terms & Conditions
If you already have a Gold Accumulation Plan Account (GAP) with required Gold seller (MMTC-PAMP for 24k 99.99% Purity Gold & Augmont for 24k 99.90% Purity Gold), Gold will be credited in that account otherwise a new GAP account will be created for you. GAP accounts are offered and created by MMTC-PAMP/Augmont.
Successful application of Goldback promo code would authorize Paytm to place an order for you with required Gold seller for the promotional amount due to you as Cashback. The invoice of such an order would bear your name and would be useful for tax purposes.
If Pin Code is already provided in the GAP account then that will be used otherwise the new account would assume a Pin Code – 122103 for MMTC-PAMP’s GAP account and 400003 for Augmont’s GAP account. These are based on Gold seller’s location.
3% GST would be applicable on the purchase of Gold from MMTC PAMP/Augmont and would be paid from the cashback amount due to you.
In case you want to sell your Gold, you will have to provide your bank account number to which funds can be credited.
In case the Gold can’t be credited to your GAP account due to KYC or any other reason, Paytm will credit Cashback in your Paytm wallet in case of such failures.
The price of gold used is the Buy price plus applicable taxes at the time of credit of Gold to your GAP account..
Buy Price of Gold can be different from the Sell Price of Gold and Paytm is not liable for price difference and price movements of Your Gold
Gold will be credited within 24-48 hours of a successful transaction.
In case of any cancellations and returns of Your order, value of Gold as per the promotional campaign amount would be adjusted from the refund amount, if any. Gold bought on Your behalf under this scheme would not be returned or refunded.
Gold transaction can be seen under ‘Gold Passbook’ when you click on Gold icon on Paytm App and visit ‘Locker’. Please upgrade to latest App version first
For details and FAQ on Paytm gold please visit
https://paytm.com/care/paytm-gold-faq/
For additional T&Cs please visit
https://paytm.com/offer/goldbackdetailed/
Please read these terms of use carefully.
By accessing the Paytm Platform and agreeing to initiate/opt for Gold Savings Plan, you agree to be bound by the terms of use below. These terms of use are subject to change. Any changes will be incorporated into the terms of use posted to Paytm Platform from time to time. If you do not agree with these terms of use, please do not access/initialize/opt-for Gold Savings Plan.
Gold Savings Plan – Terms & Conditions
This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3(1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011 which require the publishing of the rules and regulations governing the use and access of “
Gold Savings Plan
” (defined below) on www.paytm.com and/or Paytm mobile application and/or any other payment facilitation mode/tools offered by One97 to its Customer(s), including without limitation, any offline and/or online payment mode(s)/tools, or any other portal as may be launched by One97 Communications Limited (“
Paytm Platform
”).
These following terms and conditions (“
Gold Savings T&Cs
”) shall be applicable to the Gold Savings Plan (more specifically defined hereinafter) provided by One97 and shall be read in conjunction with MMTC – PAMP Terms and Conditions, Gold Transfer / Gold P2P Transfer and Promotional Paytm Gold (Goldback) Terms & Conditions, present on Paytm Platform. The Gold Savings T&Cs would always be in addition to the MMTC – PAMP Terms and Conditions and all such MMTC – PAMP Terms and Conditions are incorporated herein by way of reference. In an event of any conflict between the MMTC – PAMP Terms and Conditions and the provisions of these Gold Savings T&Cs, the Gold Savings T&Cs shall prevail. By applying for and accessing the Gold Savings Plan, the Customer accepts these Gold Savings T&Cs. This Gold Savings T&Cs are electronic record generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.
In these Gold Savings T&Cs, references to “You”, or “Customer” shall mean the counterparty who transacts using the Paytm Platform, being a natural person, buying Gold, redeeming Gold in the form of redeemable products, selling back Gold to MMTC-PAMP. “Paytm Platform” shall mean, and include, the platforms (website, mobile apps, others) of One97 Communications, that the Customer accesses for the transactions, including all contents, services and technology offered through the Paytm Platform. “Seller” shall mean “MMTC-PAMP”, “we”, “us” and “our” shall mean MMTC-PAMP India Private Limited.
We reserve the right to change these Gold Savings T&Cs at any time. Such changes will be effective when posted on Paytm Platform and shall be deemed to be notified to the Customer accordingly. Notwithstanding anything contrary, Customer shall be responsible for regularly reviewing the Gold Savings T&Cs, including amendments thereto as may be posted on the Paytm Platform and shall be deemed to have accepted the amended Gold Savings T&Cs by continuing the use of Paytm Platform and continuance of the Gold Savings Plan. Further, as and when required by MMTC-PAMP and/or One97, the Customer will be required to provide additional documents for fulfilling the KYC requirements. You authorize MMTC-PAMP and One97 to make such enquiries as they may feel necessary to satisfy themselves about the validity of Your identity. We reserve the right to terminate any Gold account, with or without notice to You, in the event the KYC documents / information are found to be incorrect or authenticity of the documents / information is found to be doubtful. You hereby undertake to indemnify and keep indemnified MMTC-PAMP and/or One97 against any and all losses, claims, liabilities costs etc. which arise out of or relating to Your failure to identify Yourself and validate Your account promptly and / or due to incorrect KYC documents / information.
Definitions
In this document the following words and phrases have the meanings set opposite them and/or MMTC – PAMP Terms and Conditions, unless the context indicates otherwise:
"NPCI"
NPCI is an authorized payment system operator by RBI. NPCI owns and operates UPI payment system.
"PSP bank"
PSP is the banking company authorized to act as a Payment Service Provider (PSP) under the UPI framework. PSP engages the TPAP to provide UPI services to the end-user customers.
"TPAP"
Third Party Application Provider (TPAP) is an entity that provides the UPI compliant app(s) to the end-user customers to facilitate UPI based payment transactions.
"Customer’s Bank"
The Bank where the end-user customer maintains his/her account that has been linked for the purpose of debiting/crediting the payment transactions made through UPI.
"End User Customer"
The end-user customer is the individual who uses UPI payment facility to send and receive payments.
“Bill”
shall means an invoice or order or bill or a commercial document, in electronic or physical form, issued by a the Seller pertaining to a transaction of sale setting out the details of the nature of the products or services, agreed and/or communicated prices and amounts due and payable in respect of the products or services sold by the Seller to the Customer.
“Customer’s Gold Accumulation Plan Account”/ (“GAP”)”
shall mean gold accumulation plan account of the individual customer identified through his/her Paytm account based in the registered mobile number present in records of One97.
“Gold Savings Plan”
shall mean gold purchase service offered by One97 in terms of MMTC – PAMP Terms and Conditions, wherein the Customer can schedule self-planned periodic purchase of the gold offered by the Seller on Paytm Platform, of particulars of the denomination in terms of weight (grams) or of a particular monetary value in INR, on a regular/periodic interval which the Customer decides and opts, as per the selections made by the Customer himself on Paytm Platform, designated for activation/modification/withdrawal of the periodic gold purchase, only through the selected payment modes, which can only be a valid debit Card or a valid credit Card.
“Instruction”
shall mean such periodicity and quantity (in weight or monetary value in INR) which the Customer sets at his own will for periodic purchase of gold on Paytm Platform along with instructions to charge his/her valid Card for such periodic purchase. The Instruction can be modified and/or altered and/or stopped at any-time at the free will of the Customer before the Selected Purchase Date.
“Card”
shall mean a card issued by the issuing bank under a Card program of Mastercard or VISA or Rupay networks which shall function as a debit/credit card and used and registered by the Customer on the Paytm Platform.
“Selected Purchase Date(s)”
shall mean the date selected by the Customer at the time of setting/registration of the Instruction, by selecting the date on which the Instructions for purchase of the gold as per the details present in the Instruction, indicating the date on which the purchase of Gold as per the Instructions needs to be made. The Selected Purchase Date shall also be dependent on the periodicity with which the Instructions is registered to be implemented.
Gold Savings Plan Registration, Instruction Implementation and Related Process:
The Customer shall login to the Paytm Platform and shall go to the inbuilt link relating to registration for the Gold Savings Plan. Upon visiting the link the Customer shall register the Instructions by putting-in the necessary details for setting up of the Instructions, including without limitation, (i) particulars of denomination of gold to be purchased on Selected Purchase Date by either selecting (a) the weight (in grams) (b) the monetary amount (in INR) for which the purchase of gold needs to be made; (ii) to register the Selected Purchase Date; (iii) the periodicity/intervals in which the purchase Instruction needs to be implemented; and (iv) to register a valid Card which shall be charged for implementing the Instructions for purchase of the Gold (“
Customer Registered Card
”), on the Paytm Platform (“
Gold Savings Plan Registration
”). One97 shall accordingly intimate the Customer regarding the success or failure of the Gold Savings Plan Registration.
One97 shall notify the Customer of the upcoming Selected Purchase Date via SMS, email and push notifications to the registered mobile numbers and/or email addresses last registered with One97 records, two (2) day before the upcoming Selected Purchase Date and again post the successful implementation of the Instruction.
The Customer can enable or disable the Instruction at any point of time by clicking the appropriate settings on Paytm Platform before the Selected Purchase Date.
By registering the Instructions for the Gold Savings Plan the Customer hereby expressly agree and confirm to purchase the gold at the live purchase price of the Gold of 999.9 purity on all the Selected Purchase Date for the period till when the Instructions are not withdrawn or disabled. The Customer hereby expressly waive any right to dispute the live purchase price of the Gold of 999.9 purity appearing on Paytm Platform on the Selected Purchase Date(s).
Live purchase price of Gold displayed on Paytm Platform is subject to change from time to time. The live purchase price of Gold and live sell-back price of Gold may vary and also may be different from that available in the open market and/or in any other retail outlet. At the time Customer makes a request for redemption / sell-back, the value of Gold / quantity of Gold to be redeemed / sold back will be displayed based on live sell-back price of Gold.
Customer can offer to buy Gold worth Rs. 1.00 (Rupee One Only) and above incremental value thereof at the live purchase price of Gold of 999.9 purity displayed on the Paytm Platform.
Payment for the purchase of the Gold as per the Instruction will be accepted only through Card registered and/or selected (as the case may be) by the Customer at the time of registration of the Instructions on the Paytm Platform. At the time of purchase / redemption / sale-back / transfer of Gold, the relevant taxes will be chargeable as applicable as per the Government regulations.
Upon registration for the Gold Savings Plan, if the Customer already has an existing Gold Accumulation Plan Account (GAP), Gold will be credited in such account, otherwise a new GAP account will be created for such Customer. The Customer’s GAP would be created in recipient Customer’s name as per the Customer KYC details along with the registered mobile number to be provided to One97. In case, if KYC is required, the same shall be provided by the Customer having the GAP.
Customer hereby expressly agree to provide his/her KYC documents to One97 and/or MMTC – PAMP to validate Paytm account and/or Customer’s GAP, if, (a) the purchase quantity or purchase monetary value of the Gold is over and above an amount of INR 49,999/-; or (b) when the cumulative lifetime Gold purchases in the Customer’s GAP crosses INR 49,999/-.
At the time of redemption in physical deliverable product form, the Customer will be required to pay additional manufacturing and delivery charges and applicable taxes on the same. The redeemable product selected from the catalogue for delivery shall be subject to availability of stock with the MMTC-PAMP.
For each confirmed purchase of Gold and/or purchase of Gold basis the Instructions as per the Gold Savings Plan by the Customer , MMTC-PAMP India will be the custodian of the metal, till (a) sell-back by the Customer, (b) redemption by the Customer, or (c) expiry of Custody Period. For the purpose of this clause, “
Custody Period
” shall mean a period of 5 years from each separate purchase of Gold by the Customer. The Gold purchased by the Customer or transferred to Customer’s Gold account will be allocated and stored in a highly advanced and secured vault of MMTC-PAMP, with full insurance cover. If, Customer redeems his/her gold after the Custody Period, additional charges will be levied and Customer hereby agreed to bear the same and waives all its right to dispute the same in future for any reason whatsoever.
Customer hereby agrees and confirms that while availing any of the services, including without limitation, buying of Gold and/or availing Gold Savings Plan available on the Platform, One97/MMTC-PAMP will not be responsible or will assume any liability, whatsoever, of any nature, in respect of any loss, cost, damage (direct or indirect), loss of profit, fee, liability, arising directly or indirectly to the Customer due to:
lack of authorization for any transaction/s,
exceeding the present limit mutually agreed by and between the Customer and relevant banks of the Customer,
any payment issues arising out of the transaction,
illegitimacy of the payment methods (credit/debit card frauds etc.) being used by a Customer;
temporarily discontinuation of invitation to offer; and / or
decline of transaction for any reason(s) whatsoever.
One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP may, at its sole and independent discretion, may prescribe maximum individual/cumulative limits for Customers to accumulate gold in Customer’s GAP by any means including without limitation, accumulation by way of purchase of Gold, accumulation under the Gold Savings Plan or by way of transfer of Gold, through this scheme from time to time, and reserves the right to refuse to accept order/purchases exceeding such limit.
At any point of time on any day One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP may temporarily discontinue the invitation to offer for any reason whatsoever.
The Customer shall inform immediately, in any case no later than 30 days of any purchase of Gold by any means, including under this Gold Savings Plan, of any irregularities or discrepancies that may exist in his/her GAP, failing which it shall be deemed that there is no error or discrepancies in the GAP and One97. The Customer hereby agreed that the One97 and MMTC-PAMP shall be absolved automatically for any such error or discrepancies. All records maintained by MMTC-PAMP, in electronic or documentary form of the transaction for purchase of Gold by the Customer and such other details (including, but not limited to payments made or received) pursuant to the MMTC-PAMP Terms and Conditions and/or Gold Savings T&Cs, shall as against the Customer, be deemed to be conclusive evidence of transaction for purchase of Gold.
The Customer understands and acknowledges that any purchase, redemption, sale-back or transfer from / to GAP, will be as per the Instructions or transactions initiated by the Customer, and the Customer agrees and confirms not to violate any applicable laws or regulations for the time being in force in or outside India. The Customer shall be solely responsible for complying with applicable laws in respect of purchase, redemption, , sale-back to and from the GAP, including without limitation, the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, the Prohibitions of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1998, Income Tax Act, 1961 etc. including amendment thereof. Customer also agrees and undertakes that he /she will not open any account in the name of any minor. One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP will not be liable in any manner in this regard.
In the event of termination / expiry of MMTC-PAMP’s arrangement with One97 or otherwise at any point of time, MMTC-PAMP reserves the right to migrate Customer’s GAP to an alternative platform and continue with the said GAP on such alternative platform (as decided by MMTC-PAMP). MMTC-PAMP shall also be entitled to notify the Customer for redemption of the products within the time lines as specified in the notice sent by MMTC-PAMP in this regard.
In the event any dispute arises out of or in connection with the Gold Savings T&Cs herein, including the validity hereof, the parties hereto shall endeavour to settle such dispute amicably in the first instance. The attempt to bring about an amicable settlement shall be treated as having failed as soon as one of the parties hereto, after reasonable attempts, which shall continue for not less than 15 (Fifteen) calendar days, gives a notice to this effect, to the other party in writing.
These Gold Savings T&Cs shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of India. The courts in New Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any matters arising therefrom.
Any failure or delay by One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP to enforce or exercise any provision of these Gold Savings T&Cs, or any related right, shall not constitute a waiver by One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP of that provision or right. The exercise of one or more of such rights by One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP hereunder, shall not be a waiver of, or preclude the exercise of, any rights or remedies available to One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP under these Gold Savings T&Cs or in law or at equity. Any waiver of any provision shall only be effective if made in writing and executed by a duly authorized officer of One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP.
If performance under these Gold Savings T&Cs by One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP is prevented, restricted, delayed or interfered with by reason of labor disputes, strikes, acts of God, floods, lightning, severe weather, shortages of materials, rationing, inducement of any virus, Trojan or other disruptive mechanisms, any event of hacking or illegal usage of the Paytm Platform, utility or communication failures, earthquakes, war, revolution, acts of terrorism, civil commotion, acts of public enemies, blockade, embargo or any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand or requirement having legal effect of any government or any judicial authority or representative of any such government, or any other act whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to those referred to in this clause, which are beyond the reasonable control of the One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP, in such an event One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP shall in to be excused and discharged from such performance to the extent of and during the period of such force majeure event, and such non-performance shall, in no manner whosoever, amount to a breach by the One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP of its obligations herein.
The Customer hereby expressly represent and warrant to One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP that the Customer have sufficient experience and knowledge to make informed decisions to purchase/ redeem/ sale-back, the Gold and/or to register with Gold Savings Plan. The Customer hereby acknowledge that the Customer are making all of their own decisions in connection with purchases or redemption or sale-back and that the Customer have not relied on any information made available by One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP, and that One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP is not making any recommendation with respect to such purchases/redemption/sale-back of Gold and/or to register with Gold Savings Plan. No relationship other than seller-purchase, including, without limitation, any agent-principal relationship, any advisor-advisee relationship, any employee-employer relationship, any franchisee-franchisor relationship, any joint venture relationship or any partnership relationship, exists between the Customer and One97/MMTC-PAMP.
Customer hereby expressly acknowledge, confirm and agree that the purchase of Gold, including without limitation, purchase of Gold by way of registering under the Gold Savings Plan, have been designed to provide an efficient and dependable method for purchase of Gold. Commercial internet service providers are not 100% reliable and a failure by one or more of these providers may affect internet-based purchase of Gold. The Customer acknowledge that the purchase of Gold system is an electronic mechanical system and as such may be subject to failure beyond the control of One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP. Therefore, One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP shall not be responsible for errors, negligence, inability to execute the Instructions, delays in transmission, purchase of Gold, delivery of Gold, to breakdown or failure of transmission or communication facilities, or to any other cause beyond One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP’s control or anticipation. The Customer acknowledge that pricing or typographical errors may occur, therefore, in an event wherein in an event that live purchase price of Gold is incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or any other inaccuracies, One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel or reject any transaction and/or Instruction for purchase of the Gold, including without limitation, purchase of the Gold under the Gold Savings Plan. Furthermore, One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP reserves the right to deny refuse or cancel or reject any refuse or cancel or reject any transaction and/or Instruction for purchase of the Gold, including without limitation, purchase of the Gold under the Gold Savings Plan, placed in case of market volatility and/ or unusual circumstances or conditions. This includes, without limitation, unexpected unavailability of Gold.
Indemnity:
The Customer hereby agrees to indemnify and keep One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP indemnified from and against all actions, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, damages, personal injury, costs, charges and expenses, directly or indirectly, whatsoever (“Losses”) which One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP or its employees, agents, workers or representative may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be put to as a consequence of or by reason of or arising out of: (i) the usage of the Paytm Platform by the Customer; (ii) by reason of One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP ‘s acting in good faith and taking or refusing to take or omitting to take action on the Customer’s Instructions, and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of the negligence, mistake or misconduct of the Customer; (iii) breach or noncompliance of the Gold Savings T&Cs and relating to the GAP; and/or (iv) fraud or dishonesty relating to any transaction by the Customer. Without prejudice to the foregoing, One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP shall be under no liability whatsoever to the Customer in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of:
Effecting transaction based on the Instructions received/registered by the Customer;
The instruction of a Customer to transfer Gold from his / her GAP to another gold account;
The exercise by One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP of its right to terminate / exercise the facility/services/exercise One97’s/MMTC-PAMP’s right and/or their obligations, agreed to be carried out in terms of the Gold Savings T&Cs on Paytm Platform;
Any injury to the credit, character and reputation of the Customer due to use of any facility/ services on Paytm Platform, including without limitation, for registration under the Gold Savings Plan;
Any loss of whatsoever nature, direct or indirect, including without limitation, loss of profit or perceived profit from purchase of Gold, under the Gold Savings Plan or otherwise;
Any misstatement, misrepresentation, error or omission in any details disclosed by One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP, if receives any process, summons, order, injunction, execution distrait, levy lien, information or notice whichOne97 and/or MMTC-PAMP in good faith believes/ calls into question the Customer’s ability, or the ability of someone purporting to be authorized by the Customer, to make the sale of Gold from the Customer’s GAP and/or transfer of the Gold in the Customer’s GAP, One97MMTC-PAMP may, at its option and without liability to the Customer or such other person, decline to allow the Customer to obtain any portion of his Gold/ product, or may handover such Gold/product over to an appropriate authority and take any other steps required by applicable law.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability: Customer hereby expressly acknowledge, confirm and agree that One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP does not make any representations, recommendations, projections, warranties or guarantees of any kind, either expressed or implied, as to the performance of its Gold/Redeemable Products with respect to future prices or any return on investment. One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP will not be liable for any Losses or damage caused by reliance on information obtained in any of our newsletters, literature, reports, e-mail correspondence, website, Paytm Platform and/or any other communication from One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP. One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP will not be liable to any Customer (including but not limited to any transferee) for any Losses caused by or relating to transfer/deposit of Gold to GAP of any other Customer. One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP explicitly urges to all its Customers to inspect the package for any damage or tamper before receiving or signing for receipt of the same. If the Customer, find any tampering, then the Customer shall not accept the parcel and return the same. One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP will not be liable for any Losses or damage caused, if the Customer accepts the parcel inspite of the same being damaged or tampered. The duty to verify the parcel for any damages or tampering is of the Customer and if the Customer accepts the parcel and later comes to know of any damage or tampering, One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP shall not be liable for any Losses or damage to Customer. If such loss is later reported and approved by logistics partner and Insurance Company, the limit of liability shall be restricted to the amount paid by the logistic partner for any such Losses or damage in transit as per their terms and conditions and the same shall be binding upon the Customer. The Customer hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP will not be liable to the Customer or to any other person, as a result of Customer’s access or use of Gold/Redeemable Product for indirect, consequential, special, incidental, punitive, or exemplary damages, including without limitation, lost profits, lost savings and lost revenues (collectively, the “Excluded Damages”), whether or not characterized in negligence, tort, contract, or other theory of liability, even if One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP has been advised of the possibility of or could have foreseen any of the Excluded Damages, and irrespective of any failure of an essential purpose of a limited remedy. In no event will One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP or any of its directors, employees, agents’ total liability to Customer under this arrangement or otherwise, shall in no event, for all damages, Losses, liabilities and causes of action under these Gold Savings T&Cs and/or any other facility/ services provided by One97 and/or MMTC-PAMP, collectively exceed the total amount paid by the Customer, if any, for access to that particular products or services. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.
The Customer hereby expressly declare that the Customer is an individual and is not required to take registration under Central Goods and Service Tax Act 2017, State Goods and Service Tax Act 2017, Integrated Goods and Service Tax Act 2017 and Union Territory Goods and Service Tax Act 2017.
The Customer hereby expressly declare that any sale of Gold on Paytm Platform was previously owned by the Customer for personal use.
The Customer hereby declare that the Customer is not an unregistered dealer of gold and/or silver or any other precious metal ornament or any related product.
Customer hereby declare that, if the Customer would be found of any misrepresentation then the Customer would be solely responsible for all types the tax, interest and penalty due to the government at any given point of time
Rights and obligations:
The Customer understands and agrees that:
The above mentioned and agreed registration process shall have to be undertaken again in the event of any change in the Card details of the Customer.
One97 and/or MMTC – PAMP shall endeavor to fetch the live purchase price of Gold, on a best effort basis and shall solely rely on the intimation by the MMTC – PAMP for purchase of Gold as per the Instruction on the Selected Purchase Date, without any reference to the Customer.
No promo-code available on Paytm Platform would be auto applied while carrying out purchase of Gold as per the Instructions under the Gold Savings Plan.
One97 uses 128 bit encryption by Verisign for security and follows PCI DSS (payment card industry data security standard) mandated by the card association networks and administered by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. However One97 cannot, and does not, guarantee that the information in transit may not be altered or intercepted or accessed by others and decrypted. One97 and/or MMTC – PAMP, and its directors, employees shall not be liable or responsible, should any confidential or other information provided by or pertaining to the Customer (including credit card numbers, passwords, personal identification numbers, IDs, transaction details, etc.) be intercepted or altered and subsequently used by an unintended recipient.
The Customer shall be responsible for the accuracy of the registration of the Instructions and shall be liable to One97 for any Losses arising on account of any error in the Instruction.
The Customer shall be bound by registration of the Instruction settled by the Customer and if, One97 has acted upon the Instruction in good faith and in compliance with the mandate submitted by the Customer on Paytm Platform.
The Customer hereby authorizes One97 to debit the Customer’s Card, as per the Instructions registered by the Customer on Paytm Platform.
The Customer shall ensure availability of funds/limits in Customer’s Card for effecting the purchase of Gold as per the Instruction on the Selected Purchase Date. The Customer agrees that in the event there are insufficient funds/limits in the Customer’s Card, One97 shall not effect the purchase of the Gold as per the Instruction on the Selected Purchase Date. The Customer shall be solely liable in this regard.
The Customer understands and agrees that such amounts are paid towards the purchase of the Gold as per the Instruction on the Selected Purchase Date cannot be reversed by One97 and is irrevocable in nature when it is executed by One97.
A duly authenticated record of the transaction for purchase of the Gold as per the Instructions shall be recorded in the statement of account available on Paytm Platform.
One97 has the right to suspend the Gold Savings Plan at any-time at its sole and independent discretion and/or if it has reason to believe that the Customer’s Instruction in respect of purchase of the Gold will lead to or expose to direct or indirect loss to One97 or may require a specific indemnity from the Customer before continuing to operate the Service.
Fees and Charges:
One97 shall be charging such fees for the purchase of the Gold as per the Instructions of the Customer as may be indicated while setting up of the Instructions. Notwithstanding this, One97 reserves the discretion to modify the charges at any point of time. All the fees and charges applicable for availing Gold Savings Plan shall be as per the rates fixed by One97 at its sole discretion which shall be informed to the Customer by hosting the details of the fees and charges on the Paytm Platform, from time to time and/ or through any other mode or channel of communication as One97 may deem fit.
Any government charges, duty or debits, or tax payable as a result of purchase of the Gold as per the Gold Savings Plan shall be the Customer’s responsibility and if imposed on One97, One97 shall have the right to debit such charges, duty or tax against the Customer’s account/Customer’s Card.
Termination:
The Customer can visit the profile or GAP on Paytm Platform any time and can disable the Gold Savings Plan. One97 may withdraw or terminate the Gold Savings Plan at any point of time without assigning any reasons whatsoever. One97 may suspend or terminate the Gold Savings Plan without prior notice if the Customer has breached any of Gold Savings T&Cs.
Miscellaneous:
One97 shall have the right of set-off and lien, irrespective of any other lien or charge, present as well as future on the deposits held in the account/wallet/GAP of the Customer, to the extent of all outstanding dues, whatsoever, arising as a result of this arrangement under the Gold Savings Plan extended to and/or used by the Customer.
Dispute Resolution
If any dispute, controversy or claim arises under this Agreement or in relation to any Paytm Service or the Paytm Platform, including any question regarding the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement or T&Cs (hereinafter
Dispute
), the parties shall use all reasonable endeavours to resolve such Dispute amicably. If the parties are unable to resolve the Dispute amicably within 30 days of the notice of such Dispute, Paytm may elect to resolve any Dispute by a binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996 (hereinafter
Act
). Such Dispute shall be arbitrated on an individual basis and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The Dispute shall be resolved by a sole arbitrator, appointed in accordance with the Act. The seat of the arbitration shall be New Delhi and the language of this arbitration shall be English. Either You or Paytm may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in New Delhi necessary to protect the rights or the property belonging to You or Paytm (or any of our agents, suppliers, and subcontractors), pending the completion of arbitration. Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither You nor Paytm may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcing the arbitration award. All administrative fees and expenses of arbitration will be divided equally between You and Paytm. In all arbitrations, each party will bear the expense of its own lawyers and preparation. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Governing Law and Forum for Disputes
Subject to the Dispute Resolution section above, You agree that any claim or dispute You may have against Paytm must be resolved by a court having jurisdiction in New Delhi, India. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within New Delhi, India, for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. This Agreement shall be governed by Indian law. This paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Disclaimer for donations
Customer/user can donate to selected shrines/place of worship/NGO/trust through Paytm Platform using a number of payment methods such as Paytm wallet/credit/ debit cards/internet banking.
While availing donation services from Paytm Platform the Customer/user expressly agrees and affirms that:
This contribution is made from my own funds, and funds are not being provided to me by another person or entity for the purpose of making this contribution.
I am at least eighteen years of age.
I am making this contribution with my own personal card/funds and not with a corporate or business card/funds or any card/funds issued to another person.
Any donation amount transferred erroneously or for any other reason by the Customer to any shrine/place of worship/NGO/trust shall not be refunded to the Customer by One97 in any circumstances.
One97 reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently the donation facility with or without notice at any time.
Customer/user agrees to act in a responsible and legal manner when using the One97 Platform. Customer/user shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and undertake not to use One97 Platform for any unlawful purpose or in a manner which is likely to cause harm or offense to any other user, shrines, place of worship, NGO, trust and/or One97.
One97’s website/mobile application contains links to other websites, Customer/user agrees that when they click on any of such links for making donations, he/she will be entering another website for which One97/Paytm has no responsibility. We encourage/advise you to read and agree the privacy statements on all such websites as their policies/terms & conditions may be different from One97/Paytm, prior to making any donations.
One97 disclaims any accountability, legal, losses/damages or else, that might arise because of the act, omission or otherwise of any Customer/user on its website/mobile application, or caused by the same. Customer/user expressly admits that One97 is only a “payment facilitator & intermediary” for making donations, and as such, stands indemnified from any accountability that might arise because of the same. Customer/user moreover acknowledges that visiting/using One97 website/mobile application is an implicit reception/confirmation of this disclaimer on their part.
Customer/user hereby expressly agrees to abide by all the terms and conditions applicable to Paytm Wallet Services provided in the applicable terms & conditions section of the One97 website/mobile application.
Customer agrees and confirm that One97 shall not have any responsibility/liability in case tax exemption is denied to the Customer/user by any tax authority due to whatsoever reasons and Customer/user shall not raise any dispute/claim against One97. In such an event Customer/users shall approach the respective shrines/place of worship/NGO/trust for any query/claim.
Sub-policy 8
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
GLOBAL PRIVACY STATEMENTS
You deserve transparency into our data use
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailjet
Email on Acid
About
About
Company
Partners
Careers
Blog
Blog
Help
Help
Contact Support
Help Center
Documentation
SDKs
Status
Security Portal
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Send icon
Send
Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails
Bar line chart icon
Optimize
Tools and services to improve your email deliverability
Shield badge check icon
Validate
Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload
Products
Send icon
Send
Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails
Bar line chart icon
Optimize
Tools and services to improve your email deliverability
Shield badge check icon
Validate
Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload
Solutions
Suitcase icon
By industry
Businesses that love us
Martech
Fintech
Healthcare
Email icon
By use case
What they use us for
Transactional Email Platform
Email Deliverability Services
Email Reputation Services
Blocklist Monitoring Services
Email Testing Services
Window stack icon
By feature
Their favorite email tools
Send Email API
SMTP Relay
Email Validation API
Email List Validation
Email Template Builder
Email Inbox Placement
Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider.
Read More
Solutions
Suitcase icon
By industry
Businesses that love us
Martech
Fintech
Healthcare
Email icon
By use case
What they use us for
Transactional Email Platform
Email Deliverability Services
Email Reputation Services
Blocklist Monitoring Services
Email Testing Services
Window stack icon
By feature
Their favorite email tools
Send Email API
SMTP Relay
Email Validation API
Email List Validation
Email Template Builder
Email Inbox Placement
Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider.
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Explore our resources packed with expert advice
Document icon
Blog
Book icon
Guides
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Microphone icon
Podcasts
Video icon
Videos
Getting started with Mailgun: An intro to the platform
Read More
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform.
Read More
2025 State of Email Deliverability Research Report
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Explore our resources packed with expert advice
Document icon
Blog
Book icon
Guides
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Microphone icon
Podcasts
Video icon
Videos
Getting started with Mailgun: An intro to the platform
Read More
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform.
Read More
2025 State of Email Deliverability Research Report
Read More
Log in
Log in
Start For Free
Contact Sales
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Back to main menu
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Send icon
Send
Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails
Bar line chart icon
Optimize
Tools and services to improve your email deliverability
Shield badge check icon
Validate
Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload
Products
Send icon
Send
Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails
Bar line chart icon
Optimize
Tools and services to improve your email deliverability
Shield badge check icon
Validate
Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload
Solutions
Suitcase icon
By industry
Businesses that love us
Martech
Fintech
Healthcare
Email icon
By use case
What they use us for
Transactional Email Platform
Email Deliverability Services
Email Reputation Services
Blocklist Monitoring Services
Email Testing Services
Window stack icon
By feature
Their favorite email tools
Send Email API
SMTP Relay
Email Validation API
Email List Validation
Email Template Builder
Email Inbox Placement
Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider.
Read More
Solutions
Suitcase icon
By industry
Businesses that love us
Martech
Fintech
Healthcare
Email icon
By use case
What they use us for
Transactional Email Platform
Email Deliverability Services
Email Reputation Services
Blocklist Monitoring Services
Email Testing Services
Window stack icon
By feature
Their favorite email tools
Send Email API
SMTP Relay
Email Validation API
Email List Validation
Email Template Builder
Email Inbox Placement
Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider.
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Explore our resources packed with expert advice
Document icon
Blog
Book icon
Guides
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Microphone icon
Podcasts
Video icon
Videos
Getting started with Mailgun: An intro to the platform
Read More
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform.
Read More
2025 State of Email Deliverability Research Report
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Explore our resources packed with expert advice
Document icon
Blog
Book icon
Guides
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Microphone icon
Podcasts
Video icon
Videos
Getting started with Mailgun: An intro to the platform
Read More
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform.
Read More
2025 State of Email Deliverability Research Report
Read More
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailjet
Email on Acid
About
About
Company
Partners
Careers
Blog
Blog
Help
Help
Contact Support
Help Center
Documentation
SDKs
Status
Security Portal
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Log in
Log in
Start For Free
Contact Sales
Send icon
Send
Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails
Bar line chart icon
Optimize
Tools and services to improve your email deliverability
Shield badge check icon
Validate
Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload
Suitcase icon
By industry
Businesses that love us
Martech
Fintech
Healthcare
Email icon
By use case
What they use us for
Transactional Email Platform
Email Deliverability Services
Email Reputation Services
Blocklist Monitoring Services
Email Testing Services
Window stack icon
By feature
Their favorite email tools
Send Email API
SMTP Relay
Email Validation API
Email List Validation
Email Template Builder
Email Inbox Placement
Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider.
Read More
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Explore our resources packed with expert advice
Document icon
Blog
Book icon
Guides
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Microphone icon
Podcasts
Video icon
Videos
Getting started with Mailgun: An intro to the platform
Read More
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform.
Read More
2025 State of Email Deliverability Research Report
Read More
Mailjet
Email on Acid
Company
Partners
Careers
Contact Support
Help Center
Documentation
SDKs
Status
Security Portal
Your privacy and security is of the utmost importance to us. We describe in this policy how we collect and use information about you in your use of our services, including our platform and the website. If you are one of our customers, you should read this policy in conjunction with our
Terms of Service
.
We are Sinch Email, a Sinch Group company, comprising of the brands Mailgun, Mailgun Optimize, Mailjet, and Email on Acid. The processing explained in this policy may be carried out by Sinch Email or other data controllers in the Sinch Group.
When collecting information about our customers or visitors of our website, we are, under European Union (“EU") data protection laws, qualified as “data controller". This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data about you.
We collect information about you when you fill in a sign up or contact form on our website or send us an email. We may also receive your personal data from third parties, when you express your interest for our services to them.
We collect information by automated means. When you visit our website, view one of our advertisements on a third party-owned website, or read our marketing newsletters, we automatically collect information about you via cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies. These are small files associated with information that your browser or our servers will save and return as part of your use of the website and the services for purposes such as saving your login session between visits, remembering your display preferences, tracking your use of the website, and for audience measurement purposes. For more information on our use of cookies, read
our cookies notice
.
We collect two types of information about you: personal data and non-personal data.
Personal data. This is information that lets us know who you are. This includes the information you provide us when registering to use the platform (i.e. your name, company name, email address, postal address, other contact information you share with us, associated domain name and credit card information). Your login credentials are also personal data. This category also includes information tied to your identity that you provide us through other means, such as emails to our support team.
In addition, and in the context of using our services, namely creating and sending emails, we have access to the information contained in the subject and content of the emails that you send out, as well as the email contacts you send to via our services.
The data you submit should not include any sensitive personal data, such as Government identifiers (i.e. social security, driving licence, or taxpayer identification numbers), complete credit card or complete personal bank card numbers, medical records or particulars connected with applications for care or treatment associated with private individuals.
Non-personal data. This is information that doesn’t let us determine your identity. This generally comes from your use of the services after registering on our website. Non-personal data includes information that could personally identify you in its original form, but that we have modified (for instance, by aggregation) any personal data.
If you are a visitor of our website, we use your personal and non-personal data to engage with you and support live chat conversations on the website.
When you are one of our customers, we use the information we collect about you to provide the services to you. As part of that purpose, we use your data:
Badge Check
to create and maintain your platform account (and subaccounts), and to control access to it;
Badge Check
to provide our services and facilitate performance, including verifications relating to you and for email verifications;
Badge Check
to provide you with real-time logs of your use of the platform;
Badge Check
to respond to any requests you may submit for support or sales information, or similar communications;
Badge Check
to communicate with you about our services (for example through newsletters, marketing emails, announcements or special offers);
Badge Check
for billing and collection purposes, if you have subscribed to one of our paid plans;
Badge Check
for the investigation, prevention and management of fraud and for breaches of our Terms of service;
Badge Check
to enable third parties to provide services to us;
Badge Check
for customers that request allocated dedicated IP addresses, for the purposes of assigning the dedicated IP address to that customer;
Badge Check
personalize, assess, and improve our services, content and materials and for audience measurement purposes;
Badge Check
to comply with applicable laws to which we are subject.
We may use your non-personal data to enhance the services, for instance through web analytics or troubleshooting. We may also use aggregated or depersonalized information to promote our services, such as by citing usage statistics.
We collect your personal data because we need it to perform a contract we have signed with you or because you have taken steps to enter into a contract with us (for instance, when you fill in a contact form to request information about our services or when you sign up for an account). Otherwise, we collect personal data based on your consent for that specific purpose, and in limited purposes under legitimate interests (for example, to enable us to foster and develop our relationship (with the use of a customer relationship management system), and to perform credit checks or for verification of data and payment details).
Except for the limited circumstances we describe here or in an applicable agreement or our Terms of service, we do not share your personal data with third parties. When we need to provide your personal data to third parties, we will only share it to the extent necessary to provide you with our services, and we ensure that we have in place data protection requirements with these third parties (including standard contractual clauses as well as the requisite technical and organisational measures).
We may also share your personal data as required or permitted by law and as to optimally provide our services through third party providers as described below.
Hosting Services:
We host the website and operate the platform using third parties, including Google Cloud Platform, AWS®, MacStadium and Rackspace®. Your platform will be hosted from their data centers throughout the United States or Europe, based on where you have selected to deploy our services (no transfers between these separate data center locations occur).
Payment Providers:
We use Stripe®, Chargify, Aria, and Authorize.net to process subscription payments, and therefore provide them with the personal data required to charge your credit card and maintain any payment mandate information as law requires.
Website functionalities and optimization:
We may use third-party services either embedded into our website (such as Drift, Optimizely, VWO, Segment™, Split.io and Google® Analytics) or outside of it (such as GitHub®, Unbounce and Twitter®) to communicate with you or to enhance the function of the website and the services, and for product development and optimization.
Customer engagement:
We use third-party service providers and platforms (such as Gainsight, Customer.io, Looker, Snowflake, Salesforce, Uservoice, Zapier, and Zendesk) for customer engagement, customer chat, product feedback and customer support ticketing.
IP addresses:
We may share your contact information with ARIN (American Registry for Internet Numbers) for the purposes of fulfilling your request to re-assign the dedicated IP addresses.
While we provide these third parties with no more information than what is necessary to enable them to provide the services to us, any information that you provide these services providers independently is subject to their respective privacy policies and practices.
In no case do we sell, share or rent out your contacts to third parties, nor use them for any purpose other than those set forth in this policy.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities or regulatory bodies, including to meet law enforcement requirements, in the case of a court order, a summons to appear in court or any other similar requisition from a government or the judiciary, or to establish or defend a legal application.
Our US company, Mailgun Technologies, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Additionally, we will provide information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We keep your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide our services to you (unless otherwise required by law).
If you would like us to cease all of the described uses of your personal data, you may delete your account at any time from the Account Settings section of our Dashboard. This will delete your personal data from our records (within a maximum of ninety (90) days), and we will make no further use of it. We may, however, retain copies of your personal data in backups for legal retention purposes and/or for our own legitimate business purposes.
Sinch Email complies with the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) as well as all applicable data protection laws. For all transfers of personal data from the EU and EEA, we maintain EU Standard contractual clauses where necessary, ensure additional safeguards such as data encryption and data minimization, as well as perform transfer impact assessments, audits and controls on our important sub processors.
Sinch Email complies with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (EU-US DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. More specifically Mailgun Technologies, Inc., our group US company, has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. Sinch Email remains responsible for all the personal information we receive under the EU-US DPF and that we subsequently transfer to third parties acting as agents on our behalf if they process personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF principles, unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In accordance with Data Protection laws, you have the right to:
Badge Check
Request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Badge Check
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Badge Check
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no legitimate reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Badge Check
Withdraw your consent and opt-out from our communications. We will honor your opt-out within 14 days. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from service-related messages if you remain a customer.
Badge Check
Object to processing of your personal data, for example, if we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this basis.
Badge Check
Request the restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Badge Check
Request the transfer of your personal data (right to data portability).
If you want to exercise any of the above rights, please email our privacy team at
privacy@mailgun.com
. Sinch Email commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@sinch.com
.
Sinch Email has also committed to cooperate and comply, in compliance with the EU-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU_US DPF, with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPA) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning personal data received in reliance on the EU-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration as per the EU-US DPF Principles Annex. If you are located in the EU, you also have the right to lodge a complaint to your DPA.
You can sign our Data Processing Agreement which lists out all our important sub-processors used and the measures in place to ensure proper data protections.
The security and integrity of your personal information is very important to us. We follow industry accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. We ensure the appropriate electronic, physical and managerial procedures are in place with a view to safeguarding and preserving all the data handled. Our infrastructure is located in top-tier data centers. Each of these locations adhere to strict physical and procedural controls which are frequently audited. Our applications are routinely scanned for vulnerabilities and an independent penetration test is conducted annually. Our employees undergo background checks (when allowed) and sign non-disclosure agreements at the time of hire.
Remember, though, that some parts of the services are public and that email, by its nature, is not a reliably private means of communication. If you voluntarily provide personal data in a public area of the website, unrelated parties online will be able to view it and collect it. If you don’t want to make this information publicly available, you shouldn’t post it.
The information provided in this policy may be modified to address new issues or changes. If we make significant changes, we may notify you by other means (for instance, by email or with a banner on the website) prior to the change becoming effective. Any changes we make will take effect 30 days after the update date noted
above
. If you object to the changes, you may choose to close out your account with us before the new effective date to delete your account and related information from our records.
Last revised 02/15/2025. To review a changelog and see the previous version,
click here
.
deliv-team@mailgun.company
outbound-sales@mailgun.company
spamtrapmonitoring@mailgun.company
iceman@mailgun.top
admiral@mailgun.top
timduncan@mailgun.top
Sub-policy 10
https://sendy.co/privacy-policy:
Features
What people say
FAQs
Demo
Get updated
v6.1.2
BUY NOW
Features
What people say
FAQs
Demo
Get updated
v6.1.2
BUY NOW
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Sendy respects and values your privacy. The information listed here details how your personal data is collected and used.
By using our Website or Sendy (the "Software"), you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information you provide
You will be asked to provide us with Personal Data which may include your name, email address and other contact details when you:
Use our Website
Purchase the Software
Send us support requests
Signup for our mailing lists
Signup and participate in the forums
Signup and use the affiliate center
Request for change of licensed domain
Request for invoice
Information we collect
When you use our Website or Software, we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information that your browser sends when you use our website which may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, country information, the address of the web page you visited before using our Website, your browser type and settings, the date and time of your use of our Website, information about your browser configuration and plug-ins, language preferences and cookie data.
Information about your usage of our Website or Software, including the URLs you have visited, the URL you have installed the Software on, date, time and length of visit or login, the version of Software you are using.
How we use your Information
We will only use information held about you for the following purposes:
To understand usage patterns and improve our Website.
To facilitate operations like troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To communicate with you by responding to your requests through emails, forum comments and messages.
To inform you of news and updates with regards to our Software through email.
To notify you about changes to our Software.
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To keep the Website secure by investigating and preventing abuse and fraud.
Use of cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes. We use cookies on our Website to distinguish you from other users of our Website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to improve our Website and Software. These cookies also collects information about how visitors and users use our Website, for instance which functionality visitors use most often. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor or user. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. We only use these cookies to improve how our Website work.
Other cookies includes purposes of delivering adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign.
Disclosure of your information
Sendy will not use or disclose your personal information without your consent, except where required or authorised by law, to implement the terms of any agreement we have with you, to assist the lawful investigation of a law enforcement authority, to protect the rights, property or personal safety of another Sendy customer, any member of the public or Sendy, the assets and operations of the business are transferred to another party as a going concern or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Your rights
We send marketing communications from time to time to update you on news and updates regarding our Software. You may elect to stop receiving our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in such emails.
You also have the right to have your information rectified or erased as well as the right to request a copy of your personal information held by us. If you request a copy of your information you may be required to pay a statutory fee.
You can exercise your rights by sending an email to
hello@sendy.co
.
If you withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information for purposes set out in our Privacy Policy, we may not be able to provide you with access to all or parts of our Website or Software.
Policy Modifications
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and any amended Privacy Policy will be posted on our Website and notified to you by email, where appropriate. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 14 August 2023 and replaces any other Privacy Policy previously applicable from this date.
Join our newsletter
Your email address
We send occasional emails with an opt-out link.
See our
privacy policy
.
Subscribe
Get Started Guide
API & Integrations
Translation
Affiliates
Privacy
Contact & Support
Get Started Guide
API & Integrations
Translation
Affiliates
Privacy
Contact & Support
Change your licensed domain
Enter your license key and the domain you want to change your current domain to:
Your license key
Change domain to →
newdomain.com
Change domain
Lost your license or did not receive it?
Enter the email address you used to purchase Sendy below:
Your email address
Re-send license
Need an invoice for your purchase?
The receipt provided by PayPal or Stripe following your purchase serves as your invoice. If that does not cut it and you need an official invoice from us instead, please
fill out this form to request an invoice for your purchase
.
Support & others
For support, check out the
troubleshooting page
. You can also email
hello@sendy.co
with any questions. If you're a Sendy user, please quote your Sendy license key in your email.
Sub-policy 12
https://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information that Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how you can update, manage, export and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to find out more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Check-Up
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Check-Up
Effective 16 September 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information that Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites and devices, such as Search, YouTube and Google Home
Platforms such as the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content such as emails and photos, or to see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all; for example, searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Sub-policy 14
https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy:
Waiting for openai.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
Sub-policy 15
https://www.healthians.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the Customers only. In case you are looking for the
Privacy Policy for Phlebotomists
, please
click here
Expedient Healthcare Marketing Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as
“the Company” / “we” / “us”)
is committed towards protecting personally identifiable information including sensitive personal data (“
Personal Information
”) as would be collected by the Company from you in the course of your access to and use of the services provided by the Company through the Healthians mobile application and website (collectively referred to as the “
Website
”) and your creation of an account on the Website.
Company endeavours to collect, process and treat the Personal Information of its users in compliance with the provisions of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Information Technology (Reasonable Security and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 (“
Data Protection Laws
”).
This Privacy Policy represents the sole, authorized statement of the Company’s practices with respect to the collection of Personal Information through the Website and the manner of use of such information by the Company.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before proceeding, as by completing the registration process on the Website and/or by using the Website, you signify your agreement with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the provisions of this Privacy Policy, then please do not access the Website and/or do not complete the registration process on the Website.
1.  SCOPE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes the information that the Company, as part of its normal operations, collects from you, stores, uses and protects. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to outline and help you understand the various guidelines and procedures that are consistently followed by the Company when collecting, storing, utilizing, disclosing or otherwise dealing with any Personal Information. By using the Website, you agree to be legally bound by this Privacy Policy, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of the Website.
Further, the Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than the Company which are developed by people over whom the Company exercises no control as well as the Website may contain social media plug ins. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of such third-party websites or social media websites. Such other third-party/social media websites may place their own cookies on your computer/electronic device, collect data or solicit Personal Information. The Company is accordingly not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Any summary of this Privacy Policy generated by third party software or otherwise shall have no legal effect, shall not be binding on the Company, shall not be relied upon in substitute for this Privacy Policy, and neither supersede nor modify this Privacy Policy.
2.  INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE COMPANY
The Company primarily collects and stores the Personal Information, as would be provided by you in the course of creating your account as well as accessing and using the services provided by the Company through the Website. With regard to creating an account and registering on the Website, the Company would generally process your name, phone number, e-mail address, age, date of birth, medical prescription, medical status, medical reports history, medication history, account information like user name, password and device information like preferences, time zone, uploaded images, location data, etc.
Additionally, in the course of your visit to the Website and accessing the services provided through the Website, the Company and/or the third parties with whom the Company has contracted to provide services, may collect certain anonymous information from sources such as server log files, cookies and pixel tags. Company and/or the third parties may collect information concerning your access to and use of the services provided through the Website such as what buttons/options you click on, device you use to access the Website, device’s unique identifying number, operating system, device language, device region, device time zone, mobile network information, etc. Company uses cookies or other similar software to collect data about the users to track their movements around the Website and in order to assist the users to automatically and effortlessly log in on subsequent visits to the Website. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to a user’s browser from a website's computers and stored on user’s computer's/electronic device’s hard drive. An application can send its own cookies to user’s browser if user’s browser's/device preference settings allow it. You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser/device. You may set your browser/device to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser/device, or block all cookies. Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features of the Website.
The Company and/or third-party service providers and/or our partners may also use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered through the Website. This helps the Company as well as service providers and partners to provide more relevant advertising.
Company also automatically receives and records information on Company’s web server logs from user’s device including the Internet Protocol (IP) address. Company records IP addresses for anonymous statistical purposes, administration of this Website and associated servers, and to improve Company’s services.
3.  PAYMENT RELATED INFORMATION
Please note that the Company does not access, store or keep any payment related data or information. All payment transactions happen using Secure Server Software through third party payment gateways and the Company does not have any control over the payment transactions, except for directing you to the payment gateway. Accordingly, the Company shall in no way be responsible or liable for any loss or damage due to any disclosure of your payment related information.
The Company hereby disclaims all its liability and shall in no way be liable or responsible for any loss or damage caused to you on account of intentional or unintentional disclosure of any Personal Information concerning your account and/or any information with respect to the online payment transaction using the credit card/debit card/cash card/net-banking/mobile wallet/UPI, etc. and/or the payment verification process.
4.  USE AND DISCLOSURE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
When any Personal Information is provided by you to the Company in the course of your access to the Website or for availing any services provided by the Company through the Website, that the Personal Information provided by you shall be used by the Company for the purposes of facilitating such request.
In addition, the Company also reserves the right to use your Personal Information to contact you and deliver information targeted to your interests, such as banner advertisements, notices, service offerings, communications, newsletters, SMS messages, etc., relevant to your interests and use of the Website. By accepting to the Terms and Conditions of Use and this Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive such information and communications. In case you do not wish to receive such information and communications, then we request you to kindly unsubscribe/opt out of the receipt of such information and communications.
Company will not disclose your Personal Information unless the Company has received your permission or Company is required to disclose such Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and lawful requests by any governmental authorities.
In addition, the Company may record and share aggregate information of its users with selected clients, service providers and partners of the Company, without disclosing individual names or identifying information of the users of the Website. In the event that another company acquires all or substantially all of the assets of the Company’s business through a consolidation, merger, asset purchase or other transaction, the Company reserves the right to transfer all data (including any Personal Information) that is in its possession or under its control to such acquiring party and thereafter the privacy policy of such acquiring party shall govern all such data and any Personal Information that is transferred to the acquiring party.
Information Collected while Using the Android & iOS Applications
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may
collect, with your prior permission/consent the following:
Information regarding your location – Required to collect sample and deliver
medicines ordered by you.
Camera, Audio, Images & File Access – Required for report consultation,
uploading prescription for ordering medicine, uploading prescription for booking
diagnostic tests and other services.
Phone Number & IMEI - Required for Paytm payment gateway transactions.
We use this information to provide features of Our Services available on the application,
to improve and customize our Services. By providing your consent/permission to the
aforementioned data/access you hereby explicitly agree that the information
collected/uploaded may be uploaded/stored to the Company's servers and/or a Service
Provider's server along-with it being simply stored on your device.
We understand the importance of safeguarding your privacy and ensuring responsible data usage, especially related to COVID-19. Our app collects only the minimum necessary data required to directly support public health emergency efforts and epidemiological research related to COVID-19. We do not collect any personal or sensitive data beyond what is essential for these specific purposes.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.
Use of your Information
We might use your Personal Information for contacting you:
We might use your Personal Information you provide to contact you from time to time for consultation requests posted by you on our Platform or for providing our services to you or for other promotional purposes. Upon acceptance of the terms of usage by You via checking the consent box, you hereby agree to the terms stipulated herein. If you prefer not to receive such promotional information, you have the option to opt out at any time by writing to us on
cs@healthians.com
. We use information in compliance with THE TELECOM COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATIONS CUSTOMER PREFERENCE REGULATIONS, 2010, its subsequent amendments and other applicable laws and regulations.
By agreeing to the Privacy Policy & providing your consent, you hereby authorize and give your consent to the Company/Healthians to send you, either through itself or through any third party service provider, from time to time various information / sms / email / alerts / Whatsapp / notification / other messages or calls or commercial communication, and other services on your telephone or mobile numbers given by you to the Company whether these numbers are registered with National Do Not Call Registry / listed in National Customer Preference Register or not. You agree to receive Whatsapp or through any other medium any update from the Company and this shall act as an explicit consent for the same. You also confirm that by sending any of such messages / calls, you will not hold the Company and its third party service provider liable / institute compliant under the Telecom Commercial Communications Customer Preference (TRAI) Regulations, 2010 or such other applicable regulations including any amendment thereof, as may be applicable from time to time.
Sharing of information with third-parties
We do not trade, sell or share your Personal or Sensitive Personal Information/Data with any third party save and except our subsidiaries/affiliates/vendors for related offerings, in the course of our business. We shall seek your express consent in an event your Personal or Sensitive Personal Information/Data is required to be shared by us with any third party. Provided that, we may however be required to share your Personal and Sensitive Personal Information as required by law. We may disclose your information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also be required to disclose your Personal or Sensitive Personal Information with a government agency mandated under law. We might also share information when we are investigating potential fraud.
User Authentication and Data Collection
When you choose to log in or sign up for our services using third-party authentication options such as Google, Facebook, or Apple, please be aware of the following:
Google Sign-In:
1. When you opt for Google Sign-In, we collect and securely store basic user information, including your name and email address, provided by your Google account. This information is used for authentication and to create and manage your user account on our platform.
2. We do not access, request, or store any content from your Gmail or other Google services. Your email address is used for communication and account-related notifications.
3. Your privacy is important to us, and we take steps to safeguard your data in accordance with our privacy policy and Google's terms of use.
Facebook Sign-In:
1. If you choose to log in with your Facebook credentials, we collect and securely store basic user information, such as your name and email address, as provided by your Facebook account. This data is used for authentication purposes and to create and manage your user profile on our platform.
2. We do not have access to your Facebook posts, friends' information, or any content you share on Facebook. Your email address is used for communication and account-related notifications.
3. We are committed to protecting your privacy, and we handle your data in compliance with our privacy policy and Facebook's terms of service.
Apple Sign-In:
1. When you use Apple Sign-In, we may collect your name and email address if you choose to share this information from your Apple ID. This data is used for authentication and to create and manage your user account on our platform.
2. We do not have access to your Apple iCloud data, messages, or any other content stored on your Apple device.
3. Your privacy is a priority for us, and we manage your data in accordance with our privacy policy and Apple's privacy guidelines.
5.  SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Company takes all reasonable steps to comply with the applicable laws to ensure that the Personal Information provided by you is stored in a secure environment protected from unauthorized access, modification, destruction or disclosure. To protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or modification and against unauthorized disclosure or access, the Company has implemented robust security practices and standards to guard your information. We have a comprehensive and well documented information security programme and information security policy that contains managerial, technical, operational and physical security control measures that are commensurate with the information assets being protected considering the nature of our business operations. We take appropriate organisational and technical security measures to protect your data against unauthorised disclosure or processing. We use a secure server to store the information you give us when you use the Website or create an account on the Website and any Personal Information you provide us online is securely encrypted. Our standard and/or codes of best practices are certified/audited on a regular basis by independent auditor, duly approved by the Central Government. Company’s servers and workstations are protected by antivirus software which are updated from time-to-time to minimise the threats of any virus, malware or trojan attacks and are located in secure data facilities (with limited access) to further increase security.
While the Company strives to protect your Personal Information at all times, the Company cannot guarantee its absolute security and shall not be liable for any breach of security by an outside party. It is also important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your user name and password for your account and to your computer/electronic device. Be sure to sign off from your account on the Website in case you access your account from a shared computer/electronic device.
The Company would also like to caution its users about phishing attacks, wherein unscrupulous third parties seek to extract sensitive and confidential information from you by posing as a genuine website or by a sending an e-mail misrepresenting it to be from a genuine source. Please be careful while dealing with and/or responding to such e-mails. If you receive such a message claiming to be from the Company, then please do not reply to it and immediately bring it to our attention by contacting the Grievance Officer.
The Company does not sell, rent, loan, trade, lease or license any Personal Information collected from or provided by you.
6.   ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
For information collected through the Website, users can send an e-mail or letter to the
               Grievance Officer to:
Access Personal Information that the Website has collected from the user through your
                  access to and use of the services provided through the Website;
Correct any factual errors in such Personal Information; or
Request to have your Personal Information reviewed and updated.
To protect the privacy and security of our users, the Company will take reasonable steps to verify
               your identity before granting you access to your Personal Information that is collected and
               maintained by the Company.
Your personal information shall be retained till such time as required for the purpose or required
               under the applicable law, whichever is later.
7.   RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS:
As mandated by Regulation 3(2) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, Company hereby cautions and informs that you are not permitted to use the Website to host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that:
belongs to another person and to which you do not have any right;
is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libellous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever;
harm’s minors in any way;
infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights;
violates any law for the time being in force;
deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;
impersonates another person;
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource;
threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation;
threatens public health or safety; promotion of cigarettes or any other tabacco products or consumption of intoxicant including alcohol and Electronic Nicotine Delivery System (ENDS) & like products that enable nicotine delivery except for the purpose & in the manner and to the extent, as may be approved under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and Rules made thereunder; and
threatens critical information infrastructure.
In addition, the Company further cautions you to prohibit from:
violating or attempting to violate the integrity or security of the Website or any content on the Website;
transmitting any information (including job posts, messages and hyperlinks) on or through the Website that is disruptive or competitive to the provision of services by the Company;
intentionally submitting on the Website any incomplete, false or inaccurate information;
making any unsolicited communications to other users of the Website;
using any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (such as spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Website;
attempting to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any part of the Website;
copying or duplicating in any manner any of the Company’s content or other information available on the Website;
framing or hotlinking or deep-linking any content on the Website; and
posting materials to any of the Company’s social media pages or otherwise on social media, that are unlawful, fraudulent, libellous, slanderous, defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, obscene or infringing on the rights of any third-party, including intellectual property, privacy/confidentiality or publicity rights.
8.   AMENDMENTS TO THE POLICY
Company reserves the right to effect revisions/modifications to this Privacy Policy, and any of its other policies or procedures concerning the treatment of information collected through the Website, without prior notice. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Website. Access/use of the Website following the posting of such revised Privacy Policy would be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such revised Privacy Policy, then in effect.
9.   GRIEVANCE OFFICER
For any queries related to this Privacy Policy, correction of any Personal Information provided by you or for making a complaint about breach of privacy, you may please contact the following official of the Company:
Name: Mr. Paramveer Singh
E-mail id:
cs@healthians.com
Mobile:  +91 7303785430
Subject to the terms and conditions, Healthians shall, upon the written request of the User,
delete the Personal information of the User, unless applicable law requires storage of the said
Personal information. The mail may be sent to
cs@healthians.com
.
In any event, to the extent required or allowed by applicable law, Healthians may retain one copy
of the Personal information for evidence purposes and/or for the establishment, to exercise or
defense of legal claims and/or to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
10.  GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
This Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. Any and all disputes arising from this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use will be subject to arbitration to be conducted by an independent sole arbitrator (who shall be a retired judge/judicial officer) to be appointed by the Company. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 (as amended). The arbitration shall be conducted in New Delhi and in English language. Subject to arbitration, the jurisdictional courts at New Delhi shall be entitled to grant interim relief/injunction.
A printed version of this Privacy Policy and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Privacy Policy to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
© 2020
Expedient Healthcare Marketing Private Limited.
All rights reserved.
Covid-19 Message
Dear Customer, Due to the surge in COVID-19 cases, you may experience a slight delay in our response time for delivering reports and addressing calls. Our teams are working round the clock to make sure we continue our safe and quality service. We appreciate your patience and cooperation.
Health Blogs & Articles
Iron Supplements for Women: Are They Even Necessary?
Oil Pulling: A Traditional Practice with Modern Health Benefits
Embrace Ayurvedic Living: A Path to Wellness and Balance
All About Ash Gourd (Lauki): A Nutritional Powerhouse You Must Know About
Exploring Safed Musli Benefits: A Natural Elixir for Good Health
‹
›
Subscribe For Healthy Updates
Submit
Thank you for subscribing with us.
Sub-policy 16
https://openai.com/policies/row-privacy-policy/:
Waiting for openai.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
Sub-policy 17
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語