Introduction
Welcome to Nisbets Limited´s data protection notice
Last Updated 28 October 2024
Nisbets Limited and the Nisbets Group of companies are committed to ensuring the protection and security of the
        personal data we process about you and will comply with the applicable data protection legislation, including
        the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”), the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”)
        (whichever is applicable) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA 2018”).
This data protection notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our
        website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your data protection rights and how the law
        protects you.
This data protection notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set
        out below. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this data
        protection notice.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
GLOSSARY
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this data protection notice
This data protection notice aims to give you information on how Nisbets collects and processes your personal
        data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up
        to our newsletter, purchase a product or service or take part in a competition or survey.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this data protection notice together with any other data protection notice or fair
        processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about
        you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This data protection notice supplements
        the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Controller
The Nisbets Group is made up of different legal entities. This data protection notice is issued on behalf of the
        Nisbets Group so when we mention “Nisbets”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this data protection notice, we are referring
        to the relevant company in the Nisbets Group responsible for processing your data. Nisbets is the controller and
        responsible for this website.
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to
        this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise
        your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
How to contact us
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: Nisbets
        Limited
Name or title of DPO: Jordan Dowe
Email address:
dpo@nisbets.co.uk
Postal
        address: Fourth Way, Avonmouth, Bristol, BS11 8TB
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK
        supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to
        deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if
        your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications from time to time. Clicking on
        those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not
        control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their data protection notices. When you leave our
        website, we encourage you to read the data protection notice of every website you visit.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be
        identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data
        about you which includes (but is not limited to):
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name,
            last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of
            birth and gender.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery
            address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment
            card details.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments
            to and from you and other details of products and services you have
            purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP)
            address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and
            location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and
            platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this
            website.
Profile Data
includes your username and
            password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences,
            feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you
            use our website, products and services.
Marketing and
Communications Data includes your
            preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your
            communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data
        but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
        For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website
        feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or
        indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this
        privacy notice.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race
        or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union
        membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information
        about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to
        provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into
        with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or
        service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by
            filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data
            you provide when you:
apply for or purchase our products or services;
create an account on our website;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website, we may
            automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this
            personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical
            Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy for further
            details.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We may receive personal data about
            you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
analytics providers such as Google which may be based outside the
                            UK/EU;
advertising networks such as Google which may be based outside the
                            UK/EU; and
search information providers such as Google which may be based
                            outside the UK/EU.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as
            Credit Safe or Cybersource, which are based in the UK/EU.
Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators such as Market Locations based inside the UK/EU.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly availably sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register
            based inside the UK/EU.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in
        the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and
            fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and
        which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where
        appropriate.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
Identity
Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
Manage payments, fees and charges
Collect and recover money owed to us
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to
                            us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records
                            updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
Consent
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a
                    survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use
                            our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
Consent
To administer and protect our business and this website (including
                    troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support,
                    reporting and hosting of data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business,
                            provision of administration and IT services, network security, to
                            prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or
                            group restructuring exercise)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and
                    measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to
                    you
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our
                                products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform
                                our marketing strategy)
Consent
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services,
                    marketing, customer experiences
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers
                    for our products and services, to keep our website updated and
                    relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing
                    strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services
                    that may be of interest to you
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our
                    products/services and grow our business)
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose
        for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are
        relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may
        want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may
        be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You may receive marketing communications from us if you have consented to receiving such communications from us
        or we believe it is in our legitimate interests to send you marketing communications.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Nisbets
        group of companies for their own direct marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by phoning our customer service team or
        contacting us at dpo@nisbets.co.uk. When registering on the site, you can opt out of marketing messages. On all
        marketing emails we include an unsubscribe option.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as
        a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience, updates or other
        transactions.
Cookies
For details about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, please
        see our specific page on
Cookies and similar technologies.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider
        that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish
        to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose,
        please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal
        basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the
        above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Disclosures of your personal data
We may share your personal data amongst Nisbets Group companies from time to time, for example, in order to
        provide our products or for marketing purposes. We may also share your personal data with the parties set out
        below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
External Third Parties such as those set out in the Glossary.
Retargeting software vendors, email service providers and social media platforms such as Facebook to deliver
            relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the
            advertising we serve to you.
Web analytics and user experience software providers such as Google to improve our website,
            products/services, marketing, customer experiences.
Personalisation tool vendors that allow us to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or
            services that may be of interest to you
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
            Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our
            business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this data protection
            notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with
        the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and
        only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International transfers
Sometimes we may need to send or store your personal data outside the UK or European Economic Area (“EEA”). For
        example, some of the third-party providers we use for our business may store data outside of the UK or the EEA.
We place significant importance on protecting the confidentiality of
        personal data and seek the collaboration of all our suppliers in fostering
        this goal. We will only transfer personal data to a supplier where the
        supplier has provided assurances that they will provide at least the same
        level of privacy protection as is required by the UK GDPR or EU GDPR.
If we do transfer information outside the UK or EEA, we will only do so on the basis of Standard Contractual
        Clauses approved by the European Commission or the UK Government, which contractually oblige the recipient to
        process and protect our personal data to the standard expected within the EU and UK.
Should we become aware that a supplier is using or sharing personal data in a way that is contrary to this
        policy, we will take reasonable action to prevent or stop such processing.
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost,
        used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal
        data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will
        only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any
        applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for,
        including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity
        of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the
        purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means,
        and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for
        research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice
        to you.
9. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to object to automated decision making (including profiling) in
            certain circumstances.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us
        at
dpo@nisbets.co.uk
.
No fee usually required
You will ordinarily not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).
        However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
        Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to
        access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that
        personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you
        for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month
        if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you
        and keep you updated.
10. Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our
        business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure
        we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we
        process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where
        our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or
        permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against
        any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the
        performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a
        contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
means processing your personal data where
        it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
Other companies in the Nisbets Group acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based within the EU
        and provide IT and system administration services and undertake leadership reporting.
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors based within or outside the EU who provide IT and system
            administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and
            insurers based within the EU who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the European Economic Area who require
            reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Market research agencies, list brokers, fraud prevention agencies.