Pattern Health’s vision is to make healthcare more efficient and effective through connected care and research products. Naturally, this involves working with information that is important to you, and we appreciate the trust you have placed in us to protect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected or processed by Pattern Health Technologies, Inc (“Pattern Health”, “our”, “we” or “us”) via our devices, applications, software, websites, APIs, and our general dealings with customers through email and other forms of communication regarding our products and services (the “Services”). This policy explains what data we collect, how we use it, your individual rights, and the measures we take to keep your information safe.
Information we collect, why we collect it, and how the information is used
Information provided by you
Marketing and general business communication
If you request information from us through our website, by phone, by mail or in person, you provide us with personal contact information such as your name, email address or phone number. We use
Pardot and Salesforce (
privacy policy
)
to process and store this data in order to communicate with you about our Services. To engage in marketing activities, we also collect information from your publicly available social media profiles, interests and preferences
including LinkedIn (
privacy policy
)
. We process such information to better understand you, to maintain and improve the accuracy of the information we store about you, and to better promote or optimize our Services. In addition, we may also use this information to deliver targeted advertising and marketing to you, where permitted by applicable law and in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Job Application
If you apply for a job you provide us with your resume and other personal information which are necessary to be able to process your application and contact you about an employment opportunity.
Through normal use of our Services
Through normal use of our Services, you may enter information such as your personal health information, photos, notes, your health goals, your name, email address, birth date, gender and other sensitive information. The Services use this information to allow you to track and share your health data. You may also authorize certain third party health applications and services to sync your data from those services with your Pattern Health account. You may encrypt information on your mobile device by setting a passcode on iOS or enabling device encryption on Android.
We use your information to provide you with the Services and to understand your behavior and preferences to improve our products.
We use your name and contact information to contact you from time to time with important messages and information about our Services.
Automatically Collected Information
Information Collected Automatically by our Applications
We work with Google Analytics
(
privacy policy
and
analytics security and privacy principles
)
to automatically collect and analyze certain anonymous information that helps us understand how our products are being used and improve them. Automatically Collected Information includes:
Frequency and duration of usage
Version information about your device, its operating system and web browser
Language
Non-precise location information, such as your zip code. We do not collect precise information about the location of your device.
Information about the way you use our products, such as what screens and pages you visit and what settings you enable
Any errors that occur while you are using our products.
To protect the anonymity of this Automatically Collected Information, no information that identifies you personally is shared with Google Analytics.
Information Collected Automatically by our Website
We use cookies to ensure our Website works as you expect it to, as well as some optional cookies that, if you permit, allow us to work with third party marketing companies to automatically collect and analyze certain information that helps us understand how our Website is being used and improve it.  Automatically Collected Information from our Website may be combined with Information provided by you that may identify you personally for the purpose of Marketing and general business communication.
The third parties with whom we share Information Collected Automatically by our Website:
Google Analytics
(
privacy policy
and
analytics security and privacy principles
)
Leadfeeder (
privacy notice
)
Sharing information within Pattern Health applications
Through use of Pattern Health applications your User-Provided Information is shared:
within the Pattern application:
With your healthcare provider and/or research team.
within the HeartStar application:
With whoever you choose, by generating a report of the data and emailing it
With the Apple Health app (
privacy policy
), if enabled by you via the User tab, Sync and Share Data, Sync with the Apple Health app
Support Information
When you contact us for help or to provide feedback, you generally provide information such as your name and email address along with your message. We use the information you provide us to contact you from time to time to time with important information about our products. Support information you provide is also subject to the respective privacy policies of
UserVoice
(HeartStar) and
ZenDesk
(Pattern Platform), publishers of the customer support software we use.
Third party access to information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose Anonymized User-Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
With our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
If Pattern Health is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information;
To analytics and customer support companies as described by this privacy policy.
Opting out
There are multiple opt-out options for users of our products:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the application and deleting your account. You may use the standard uninstall processes that are available as part of your mobile device or mobile application marketplace.
Opt-out of the syncing with the Apple Health app in the Apple Health app settings, or:
In the Pattern app, More tab, Connected Devices, Apple Health App
In the HeartStar app, User tab, Sync and Share Data, Sync with the Apple Health app
Opt-out of syncing data from third party health applications and services by following the third party’s data sharing instructions to discontinue sharing with Pattern Health.
Contact your provider and support@pattern.health to request removal or withdrawal from a program that uses our application.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User-Provided Information for as long as you use the product and for a reasonable time thereafter. Please note that we may be required to retain certain information by law or by contractual agreement with a Pattern Health customer.
Children
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. Certain programs may collect information on behalf of a child under the age of 13 where a parent has provided explicit consent. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@pattern.health. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We value your privacy and will always do our best to protect your private data. Pattern Health products are designed for use by healthcare organizations subject to the privacy and security standards defined by the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation(GDPR) 2016/679. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our products. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide excellent security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. Should a breach occur, you will be notified within a reasonable time via email and/or a prominent notice on our website.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy to
https://pattern.health/privacy-policy
. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your Consent
Pattern Health is the controller of the personal data you provide to us, which means we determine the purposes and the way in which your personal data is processed. Pattern Health is also a processor for some of our customers, such as healthcare providers and research organizations, on behalf of whom we process personal data they control.
By using the Services, you are consenting to our processing of User-Provided and Automatically Collected information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S. your information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there. By using our products and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the US.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our products, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at support@pattern.health, Subject: Privacy.  Your question will be reviewed by our Security/Privacy/Data Protection Officers.
Last updated:
May 17, 2023
Previous Privacy Policies
November 18, 2022
June 24, 2022
May 25, 2018
July 15, 2016
January 20, 2016
November 7, 2014
April 22, 2014