Privacy Policy
Craig of Campbeltown is committed to developing long lasting relationships based on trust. Craig of Campbeltown will do everything in its power to ensure that your right to privacy is maintained and protected.
We understand that privacy and the security of your personal information is extremely important. Because of that, this policy sets out what we do with your information and what we do to keep it secure. It also explains where and how we collect your personal information, as well as your rights over any personal information we hold about you.This policy applies to you if you purchase any of our products online or otherwise by using any of our websites or interacting with us on social media (our “Services”). This policy gives effect to our commitment to protect your personal information.
Who are ‘we’
When we say ‘we’ or ‘us’ in this policy, we’re referring to the trading names within the Craig of Campbeltown Group who are all registered at Benmhor, Campbeltown PA28 6DN, excluding Borders Buses which is a limited company and wholly owned subsidiary of Craig of Campbeltown Ltd.
These include:
West Coast Motors
Glasgow Citybus
Fairline Coaches
West Coast Tours
City Sightseeing Glasgow (incorporating City Sightseeing Bute, City Sightseeing Oban and City Sightseeing Borders)
Kintyre Express
Borders Buses Ltd, Ramparts Business Park, North Road Industrial Estate, Berwick-up-Tweed, Northumberland TD15 1
It also includes any other businesses we add to this group in the future.
What sorts of information do we hold
Information that you provide to us such as your name, address, date of birth, occupation, telephone number, email address and payment card details and any feedback you give to us, including by phone, email, post, or when you communicate with us via social media;
Information about the Services that we provide to you (including for example, the things we have provided to you, when and where, what you paid, and so on);
Information about any device you have used to access our Services (such as your device’s make and model, browser or IP address) and also how you use our Services. For example, we try to identify which of our apps you use and when and how you use them. If you use our websites, we try to identify when and how you use those websites too;
Your contact details and details of the emails and other electronic communications you receive from us, including whether that communication has been opened and if you have clicked on any links within that communication. We want to make sure that our communications are useful for you, so if you don’t open them or don’t click on any links in them, we know we need to improve our Services; and
Information from other sources such as marketing and research companies and social media providers as well as information that is publicly available.
How do we use your information
The information we collect may be used to:
Make available our Services to you;
Process your orders;
Send you reminders or follow-up emails;
Take payment from you or give you a refund;
Help us ensure that our customers are genuine and to prevent fraud;
Conduct market research, either ourselves or with reputable agencies;
For statistical analysis;
Find ways to improve our Services and websites;
Contact you about products and services from us;
Provide you with online advertising;
Help answer your questions and solve any issues you have.
Who might we share your information with
Other organisations and individuals:
We may transfer your personal information to other organisations in certain scenarios. For example:
Online sales partners:
Like many other e-commerce websites, we have partners who help us with our online sales.. These are;
Keeping you informed about our products and services:
We would like to tell you about the great offers, products and services of the Craig of Campbeltown Group from time to time that we think you might be interested in. Where you have consented to us doing so, we may do this through the post, by email, text message, online, using social media, push notifications via apps, or by any other electronic means.
We will only send you marketing messages if you have opted in to receive them. If you wish to amend your marketing preferences at any time, you can do so by contacting us at our Campbeltown head office in writing to Craig of Campbeltown, Benmhor, Campbeltown PA28 6DN or via email at enquiries@westcoastmotors.co.uk
Your rights
Access and correction of your personal information
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances. This is sometimes called a ‘Subject Access Request’. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge.
Before providing personal information to you or another person on your behalf, we may ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your personal information.
If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you may ask us to correct it.
If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us as set out below.
Right to stop or limit our processing of your data
You have the right to object to us processing your personal information if we are not entitled to use it any more, to have your information deleted if we are keeping it too long or have its processing restricted in certain circumstances.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us as set out below.
Sharing your thoughts
When using one of our websites, you may be able to share information through social networks like Facebook and Twitter. For example when you ‘like’, ‘share’ or review our Services. When doing this your personal information may be visible to the providers of those social networks, their other users and/or Craig of Campbeltown Companies. Please remember it is your responsibility to set appropriate privacy settings on your social network accounts so you are comfortable with how your information is used and shared on them.
Security
We take security measures to protect your information including:
Contact us
If you would like to exercise one of your rights as set out above, or you have a question or a complaint about this policy, the way your personal information is processed, please contact us by one of the following means:
By email: enquiries@westcoastmotors.co.uk By post: Data Protection Officer, Benmhor, Campbeltown PA28 6DN
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner. Go to ico.org.uk/concerns to find out more.
Policy change
This privacy policy was most recently updated in May 2018.
The Craig of Campbeltown group of companies
We may share your personal information with other Craig of Campbeltown Group Companies from time to time, so we can provide you with information on other relevant products.
In some instances we work with partners and suppliers for our tour products but your information will be shared with them only where they meet our standards on the processing of data and security! We only share information that allows them to work with us to provide our services to you. For example, on our West Coast Tours island products we have ferry and boat partners and they may require your details for operational reasons.
If required to by law, under any code of practice by which we are bound or we are asked to do so by a public or regulatory authority such as the police;
If we need to do so in order to exercise or protect our legal rights, users, systems and Services; or
In response to requests from individuals (or their representatives) seeking to protect their legal rights or the rights of others.
Rezdy, our online sales platform. Their privacy policy can be viewed here
Stripe, is our payment gateway partner for West Coast Tours and City Sightseeing Glasgow. Their privacy policy can be viewed here.
Ibooking is our online sales platform for Kintyre Express. Their privacy policy will be available shortly.
limiting access to our buildings to those that we believe are entitled to be there;
implementing access controls to our information technology, such as firewalls, ID verification and logical segmentation and/ or physical separation of our systems and information;
Live Departures
Search for a location...
or, find your stop on the map
Favourites
Add favourites by selecting the star on a stop's departure board
Plan Your Journey
Select your start point...
Swap the start point with the destination
Search for a destination...
Select when you would like to travel
Favourites
Add favourites by selecting the star on a journey plan
Timetables & maps
Favourites
Add favourites by selecting the star on a timetable