PRIVACY POLICY
​Highbrow Interactive Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 25, 2023
Your privacy is important to us, and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. We respect your privacy rights and are committed to protecting the personal information that is collected about you. This Privacy Policy describes what information Highbrow Interactive Pvt Limited collects and how we use, disclose, transfer, and store it. If you do not want Highbrow Interactive Pvt Limited to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not be able to play our Games or use our Services.
If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact us. See the
Contact us
section below.
Information we collect
Highbrow Interactive Pvt Limited collects only adequate and relevant information limited to the purposes defined here under. For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Contacts. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
a) Information you provide us
Contact information (such as your name and email address)
Your age
Your username and password
Profile information (such as a profile picture)
Information that you provide when seeking help from our customer service (such as chat logs and screenshots)
b) Information we collect automatically directly from you when you use our Services
Information about your game progress and activity
Information about your device (such as device name and operating system, browser information, including browser type and the language you prefer)
Information we collect using cookies and similar technologies (Note: You can refer to our Cookies Policy to learn more about opting out of such technologies)
General geolocation information
Google Play Services
c) Information we obtain from our partners
Information that we receive if you decide to connect to a third-party social network (such as Facebook or Google Play Services)
Information from billing partners (if you subscribe to some games or make an in-game purchase)
Information for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you with better Services.
We do not request or intend to collect any “special categories of information” such as any information on health, race, religion, political opinions or philosophical beliefs, sexual preferences or orientation. Please be cautious when sharing this information about yourself (or others) in our forums.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in any one of our games, we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Usage of the collected information
The main use of the information we collect and store is to provide you with the Services you request from us and to improve your gaming experience, but there are other uses as well. The uses for which we collect and store your information include:
To improve and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences;
To create your game accounts and allow you to play our games;
To provide you with the correct versions of our games and/or applications (e.g. knowing which language to make our games available to you in);
To identify and suggest connections with our other players and personalize our Services to you;
To communicate with you about the Services you’re using, including in-game updates, new Services, and promotional offers that we think might be of interest to you;
To enable players to communicate with each other;
To provide technical support and respond to player inquiries;
To protect the safety and well-being of our players;
To protect Highbrow Interactive Pvt Limited’s rights and property in connection with our Services;
To prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and to enforce our Terms of Conditions;
To manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising;
To administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
To comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties;
To conduct optional user feedback surveys; and/or
Data Retention
How long we retain your personal information depends on why we collected it and how we use it, but we will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements.
We will retain personal information about you and connected with your account and/or the Services you use from us for as long as you have an active account with us. We will take reasonable measures to delete this personal information if you delete your account. However, you acknowledge that we may retain some information after you have closed, or we have deleted, your account with us where necessary to enable us to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend, or establish our rights.
Security of your Information
We implement reasonable and appropriate security measures to help protect the security of your information both online and offline and to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These measures vary based upon the sensitivity of your information. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Third – Party Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Privacy Policy of Linked Third – Party Services and Advertisers
Our website and games may contain advertisements from “Third-Party Services,” meaning companies other than Highbrow Interactive Pvt Limited, that may link to their own websites, online services, or mobile applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Third-Party Services. If you have any questions about how these Third-Party Services use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Link to Privacy Policy of third – party service providers used by Highbrow Interactive Pvt Limited
Google Play Services
Game Center
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Unity Ads
MoPub
AdColony
Meta Audience Network
Bidstack
Tapjoy
ironSource
GameAnalytics
Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following data protection rights:
(a) To
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information. You may do so in your account settings (via “
Terms of Service and Privacy Notice
“) or by contacting us using the information in the
Contact Us
section below.
(b) To
object to the processing
of your personal information (which is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests), ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. Again, you may do so by opting out of personalized offers based on in-game behavior, or by contacting us using the information in the
Contact Us
section below.
(c) If we are processing your personal information with your consent, you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted pursuant to lawful processing grounds other than consent. You may do so by contacting us using the details at
Contact Us
heading below.
You can control and limit the type of personal information we collect and process about you in a number of ways. For example, you can disconnect your social media account(s) from our games or control your social media privacy settings to limit the information shared with us. You can also reset your mobile advertising identifier or limit ad tracking altogether using the settings on your phone. You can also limit or disable the use of cookies (or similar technologies).
We will respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
Our Website and Services does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, we may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve our Website and Services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Services.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Link to Privacy Policy of third – party service providers are provided under the section “
Privacy Policy of Linked Third – Party Services and Advertisers”.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will take reasonable measures to promptly remove that information from our records. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, they will be re-posted in the “Privacy” section of our website and apps with the date the modifications were made indicated at the top of the page. Therefore, please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware when any changes are made to it. We will tell you and other players by placing a notice in-game or on our website. Your continued use of the Services after such change(s) constitutes your acceptance of any such change(s), and if you do not accept any change(s), you may choose not to use the Services or opt out by sending us appropriate notice.