Privacy Policy
Welcome to
SIA F3
("F3", "Company", "we", "us"). This Privacy Policy ("Policy)
    describes the information we collect, how this information may be used, with whom it may be shared and how we
    protect information we store. We suggest you read it in conjunction with our
Terms of Use
. By using our website or
    application ("Service"), you are accepting the practices described in this Policy.
The personal information provided to or collected by our Services is controlled by the Company in accordance with
    Latvia law.
If you do not accept and agree with our Policy than you must stop using the Service immediately.
1. Collection of information
We may collect information that can identify you such as your name and email address ("personal information") and
    other information that does not identify you. We may collect this information through a website or a mobile
    application. By using the Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse, and retain data related to the provision
    of the Service.
Information you provide
You will be asked to allow F3 to collect your location information from your device when you download or use the
    Service. In addition, we may collect and store any personal information you provide while using our Service. You may
    also provide us photos, a personal description, and possibly preferences for recommendations. If you chat with other Service users,
    you provide us the content of your chats. If you contact our customer support team, we will receive your email address
    and information you send to us to help resolve your query. We will keep records of our communication with you, including any
    complaints that we receive from you about other users.
We recommend and encourage you to think carefully about the information you disclose about yourself to other users.
    We also do not recommend that you put email addresses, URLs, instant messaging details, phone numbers, full names or
    addresses, credit card details, national identity numbers, drivers' licence details, and other sensitive information
    on your profile which may be misused or abused.
When you post information about yourself or use the chat, the amount of personal information you share is at your
    own risk. If you post anything that is inconsistent with our Terms of Use, we reserve the right to suspend or
    terminate your account.
Information collected automatically
We automatically record information from your browser or device created by your use of the Service. This
    information may include your IP address, device ID and type, device model, browser type and language, the operating
    system used by your device, MAC address, access times, pages visited, your mobile carrier, your mobile device's
    geographic location while our application is actively running, the referring domains, and interactions with
    advertisements.
Cookies
When you visit our Service, we may assign your device one or more cookies to facilitate access to our Service and
    to personalize your experience. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about
    your activity on our Service, such as the pages you visit, the time and date of your visits and the links you click.
    If we advertise, we (or third parties) may use certain data collected on our Service to show you F3
    advertisements on other sites or applications.
If for any reason you decide that you do not want all of your Service activities to be stored you may set your
    browser and mobile settings to block cookies and local storage device, but please remember that if you do so, you
    may not be able to access all of the features offered by the Service.
Please visit these websites if you would like to know more information about cookies:
www.youronlinechoices.eu
,
www.allaboutcookies.org
Geolocation information
If you turn these features on, we may collect your device's geolocation data and save your device's coordinates to
    offer certain features to you. We may also use your device's geolocation information to personalize the Service and
    make it easier for you to interact with other users. You can control your location information settings in your
    Account settings and switch them off. Even if you have disabled location services, we may still determine your city
    and country location based on your IP address (but not your exact location).
2. Use of information
We may use information that we collect about you to:
offer you the Service, and manage our business;
personalize the product and the content we deliver to you;
contact you with information about products and services that may be of interest to you;
conduct research and analytics about how you use and interact with the Service;
manage your account and provide you with customer support;
investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities;
enforce or exercise any rights in our
Terms of Use.
3. With whom we share your information
Information shared with other users
When you register as a user of the Service, your profile will be viewable by other users of the Service. Other users
    will be able to view information you have provided to us, such as your profile photos, any additional photos, your
    first name, your age, and your personal description. If
    you chat with other users, they will see the content of your chat. If you like other users, they will get
    notifications that you like them.
Personal information
Our policy is not to share your personal information that you yourself have not chosen to share with third persons,
    including other users of the Service, except in the limited circumstances described here:
We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated, non-personal data with third parties for industry
      analysis and demographic profiling and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services and for
      marketing and promotional purposes.
We may disclose any of your information, if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law,
      regulation, or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical
      issues; or to protect our rights or property.
In the event that F3 or any of our affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such
      as merger, acquisition by another company, re-organization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, we may be
      required to disclose your personal information.
We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us. We may share your
      personal information with these third parties, but only for the purposes of performing these functions and
      providing such services.
4. Your rights
You may review and update your personal information you provided or permanently delete your account at any time by
    opening your account and going to settings. If you delete your account, we will retain certain information
    associated with your account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud,
    enforce our Terms of Use, take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our Service or our users, or
    take other actions otherwise permitted by law. Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your
    account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed to the extent such information has been
    previously shared with others, or copied or stored by other users. If certain information has already been provided
    to third parties as described in this Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties
    policies.
You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in you being unable to use the
    Service or certain features of our Service because such information may be required in order for you to register as
    user; purchase products or services; or initiate other transactions.
Our Service may also deliver notifications to your phone or mobile device. You can disable these notifications by
    deleting the relevant Service or by changing the settings on your mobile device.
You have a right to request a copy of the information we hold about you (we reserve the right to charge the
    statutory fee to process such a request). Such a request must be in writing. We will contact you to let you know
    what else we need from you before we send you a copy of your personal information. If explicitly provided by the
    applicable mandatory law, you have a right to request in writing information regarding third parties to whom we have
    disclosed your personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the previous calendar year.
    Unless the applicable mandatory statutory provisions restrict it, we reserve the right to charge the fee to process
    such a request.
Your F3 account is non-transferable and any rights to your profile or content within your account will be
    cancelled upon your death.
5. Data storage
The Service is provided globally and operates through servers located in a number of countries around the world,
    including the United States of America. Therefore your residence country's laws and regulations concerning data
    protection might differ from the server's location country's laws and regulations and your personal data might not
    enjoy the same protection as provided in your country of residence. By submitting your personal information, you
    agree to the transfer of your personal information to, and storage and processing of your personal information in
    any such countries and destinations.
6. Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent
    unauthorized access to your information and to maintain data security. These safeguards take into account the
    sensitivity of the information that we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information we cannot
    guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take
    steps to keep your personal information safe and to log out of your account after use.
You may not disclose your login details (email, password or connected service credentials) to any third parties or share it with any third
    parties. If you lose your login details or give them out, your personal information may be compromised. If that
    happens, you must change your login details immediately. F3 cannot be held responsible for your failure to keep
    your login details secure and failure to do so may violate our
Terms of Use
.
7. Children’s privacy
We restrict the use of our service to individuals age 18 and above. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use
    personal information from children, minors, or anyone under the age of 18.
8. Change to this policy
We may revise this Policy from time to time. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the "effective
    date" at the bottom of this Policy. We recommend that you check our Service from time to time to inform yourself of
    any changes in this Policy. By continuing to access and use the Service after those changes become effective, you
    agree to be bound by the revised Policy.
9. How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Policy or practices, please contact us by email
    (hello@f3.cool) or postal mail:
SIA F3
Baznīcas iela 31 - 7, Rīga, LV-1010
10. Effective date
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 14, 2023.