Color in Privacy Policy
Terms:
By accessing the application “Color by Number”, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this application. The materials contained in application are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
Use License:
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on the application for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on “Color by Number” application;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials;
or transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by “Color by Number” at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Disclaimer:
The materials on “Color by Number” application are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. “Color by Number” makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, “Color by Number” does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its application or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Limitations:
In no event shall “Color by Number” or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on “Color by Number” application, even if  “Color by Number” or a “Color by Number” authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Accuracy of materials:
The materials appearing on “Color by Number” application could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. “Color by Number” does not warrant that any of the materials on its application are accurate, complete or current. “Color by Number” may make changes to the materials contained on its application at any time without notice. However “Color by Number” does not make any commitment to update the materials.
Links:
“Color by Number” has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its application and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by “Color by Number” of the site. Use of any such linked application is at the user’s own risk.
Modifications:
“Color by Number” may revise these terms of service for its application at any time without notice. By using this application you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
Privacy Policy:
This SERVICE is provided by Salanda Kostiantyn and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at “Color by Number” unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use:
For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Log Data:
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies:
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers:
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security:
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites:
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy:
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.