Privacy Policy
Personal information is any information that could be used to identify you or another individual.
We collect personal information from you in a number of different ways; you may share that information with us, or we may collect it using other means.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect personal information that you share with us when you contact us or interact with us through our website, apps, email, phone or otherwise.
You can decide not to provide certain information, or ask that any information you have previously shared is removed.
Through these interactions you may share with us: your name, address, e-mail address, contact number and payment information. You may also share details of other people; for example, if you have bought a PowaKaddy product for that other person or if you register another person for a PowaKaddy app. In those circumstances, you will need to check with that person that they are happy for you to share their personal information with us, and for us to use it in accordance with this privacy policy.
As well as the personal information you share with us about yourself and your PowaKaddy product, we may collect and handle personal information directly from your PowaKaddy connected products and PowaKaddy apps. A connected product is a PowaKaddy product that is “smart”, internet enabled or operated through a PowaKaddy app.
We may collect information about your use of our connected products or apps, to help us optimise their performance and your experience of using them. We may also collect internet protocol (IP) and/or media access control (MAC) identifier information about your mobile device.
Some of the information we collect from your use of our connected products and apps may enable us to determine the location of your connected product. This data is collected so that we can understand the location and environmental conditions in which your connected product is operating; for example, by giving an indication of the environment in which it operates, which helps us to optimise the performance of the connected product. Some of our connected products may not be able to operate without collecting location information, or other personal information, and so by registering for the app and using a connected product you agree to this use of the information.
We collect and handle information from all visitors to our websites, whether you actively provide us with that information or merely browse our websites. The information we collect includes the internet protocol (IP) address of the device you are using, the browser software you use, your operating system, the date and time of access, the internet address of the website from which you link through to our website and information on how you use our websites
We use this information so that we can see how long our websites take to load, how they are used, the number of visitors to the different sections of our websites, and what information visitors look at most.We also collect and handle information about how you engage with our promotional campaigns and advertising online, outside of our own websites; for example, on Google, YouTube or on social media.
That information is, predominantly, collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies.
When you use our websites we may also use information collected by cookies.
“Cookies” are small text files that websites save onto your device via your web browser. They’ve been around since the mid-1990’s and are one of the most widely used technologies on the internet.
Some cookies that we use at PowaKaddy will collect personal information about you. Any personal information that is collected will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
By continuing to use our websites, you accept that cookies may be set on your device.
For further information, including on the types of cookies that we use and how to manage cookies placed on our websites, please refer to our
cookies policy
. Please note that we do not currently respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
As a user of our products or services, we will send you support communications by e-mail. As long as you are happy for us to do so, we would also like to keep you posted on anything that’s happening at PowaKaddy which we think you might like to know about; whether it’s our latest product announcements, owner offers or upcoming events, we want to make sure you’re happy with the communications you receive from us.
You can find out how to update or change whether you would like to hear from us, or stop us contacting you, in the section below titled ‘How can you change the way that we contact you?’
We collect information about how you engage with our e-mails; including whether they are delivered to you, whether you open them, whether you choose to learn more about what’s happening at PowaKaddy (for example, by clicking on a link in our e-mail) and if you ask us not to contact you anymore (by clicking on the unsubscribe option included in all our e-mail correspondence).
We use that information by itself and in combination with our customer record (the information you share with us) to make sure that we stop sending you support or marketing communications when you ask us to. We also use it to make our e-mails as interesting as possible by providing you with content and experiences that we think you may be interested in based on how you have engaged with our previous e-mails; you have the right to object to our use of your information for this purpose (see the section below titled ‘Your controls and choices’).
We love interacting with you on social media. You may use social media to contact us about your PowaKaddy products, or to let people know what you think about your PowaKaddy product. We review publicly available social media and online sites to get a better understanding of what people are saying about us, and our products, technology and services and to assist consumers who prefer to contact us through social media.
The information we collect from social media and online sites sometimes includes personal information that has been put online and is publicly available. We make sure any information we use is properly credited to its source or is made anonymous.
These online and social media sites may have their own privacy policies explaining how they use and share your personal information. You should carefully review those privacy policies before you use these sites to make sure that you are happy with how your personal information is being collected and shared.
How do we use your personal information?
How do we use your personal information?
We use the personal information you share with us in the following ways:
To respond to your queries and requests;
To communicate with you;
To provide services and support for our products;
For customer satisfaction surveys and to allow us to improve your experience should you need support from one of our experts;
To provide updates to you about any changes to PowaKaddy’s policies, terms and conditions and any other matters which we may need to tell you;
As long as you are happy for us to do so, to tell you about our other products and services;
To provide you with essential service updates about your PowaKaddy products;
In combination with personal information we collect from PowaKaddy products and apps, information about how you engage with our e-mails and information from your online interactions, for profiling and statistical analysis (we have set out further information on how we combine personal information in other relevant sections of this privacy policy); and
To customise and improve the way that you shop with us in the future; for example, by showing you products and offers that we think you might like, both on our websites and apps and on certain third party websites (including on social media platforms).
Information from PowaKaddy products and apps
We use the personal information we collect from PowaKaddy products and apps, by itself and in combination with your customer record (the information you share with us), in the following ways:
To monitor the performance and stability of our products so that we can optimise their performance and your experience of them; in particular, we want to be able to identify when there may be an issue with your product so that we can let you know about it as soon as possible (and potentially before the issue actually arises);
To provide updates and services to our connected products (which includes updates and upgrades to software and our apps);
To improve our products, technology and services generally; and
For profiling and statistical analysis of how our products are used generally.
We also want to be able to monitor your use of our connected products and apps, so that we can:
customise and improve the way that we engage with you in future (for example, by showing you products and offers online that we think you might like); and (as long as you are happy for us to do so) send you more relevant and interesting marketing communications.
You have the right to object to our monitoring of your use of our connected products and apps for these purposes. For more information on how to exercise your right to object, see the section below titled ‘Your controls and choices’.
We use the personal information from your online interactions, by itself and in combination with your customer record (the information you share with us), in the following ways:
To identify any part of our website that isn’t working as well as it should – so we can fix things and make our websites better for you and other users; and
For profiling and statistical analysis of product popularity, and of our customers’ behaviour when using our websites or apps.
We also want to be able to monitor your use of our websites and how you engage with our promotional campaigns and advertising online, so that we can:
customise and improve the way that you shop with us in future (for example, by showing you products and offers that we think you might like); and
(as long as you are happy for us to do so) send you more relevant and interesting marketing communications.
You have the right to object to our monitoring of your use of our websites and how you engage with our promotional campaigns and advertising online for these purposes. For more information on how to exercise your right to object, see the section below entitled ‘Your controls and choices’.
Other potential uses of your personal information
We also use your personal information:
To assist in any disputes, claims or investigations relating to your PowaKaddy product or warranty matters;
To detect and prevent fraudulent transactions; and
To comply with our legal obligations.
We love to keep you posted, whether it’s on our latest product announcements, owner offers, opportunities to test new PowaKaddy products, or upcoming events.
We do this in various ways, including e-mail, post, SMS, via social media platforms and by phone, but only if you are happy for us to do so.
Ultimately, we want to make sure you’re happy with the communications you receive from us.
We therefore promise to:
Only send you marketing communications when you have told us it is ok to do so;
Never pass your personal information to anyone outside PowaKaddy for them to use for their own marketing purposes; and
Give you the option to stop receiving support or marketing communications at any time
From time-to-time, we may use your personal information to help you with the PowaKaddy products you own. We do this in various ways, including e-mail, post, SMS, phone and in-app notifications.
As a user of our products or services, we will send you the following support communications:
Helpful information about your PowaKaddy product or the PowaKaddy service you use;
Reminders about how to carry out maintenance on your PowaKaddy product for optimal performance;
Alerts for recommended app or software updates or upgrades that may improve the performance of your product;
Information about how and where to get help from PowaKaddy experts should you need support;
Information about your PowaKaddy warranty;
Alerts regarding any important product safety or recall announcements; and
Requests for your feedback on how we perform after you have used a PowaKaddy product or service.
We will send you support communications unless you change your preferences, or tell us that you want to stop receiving support communications from us. Please see the section below for more information about how to do this.
If your details change, please let us know so that we can continue to stay in touch.
We will only send you marketing communications when you have told us that you are happy for us to do so.
You can change the way that we contact you in the following ways;
Opt-In/Start Contacting Me
If you hadn’t previously asked us to send you marketing communications, you can ask us to start contacting you (sometimes called an “opt-in”) by:
Emailing
privacy@PowaKaddy.com
and stating that you would like to receive communications from us.
Changing your preferences
If you have previously said that you would like us to contact you (“opted-in”) but would like to change or update the way that we do so, you can update your preferences by:
Emailing
privacy@PowaKaddy.com
and stating that you would like to change or update the way that we contact you.
Opt-Out/Stop Contacting Me;
If you want to stop receiving marketing or support communications from us (sometimes called “opting out”), you can do so at any time by:
Emailing our global privacy team at
privacy@PowaKaddy.com
in your country stating that you no longer wish to receive such communications;
Using the unsubscribe option included in all our e-mail correspondence (on all marketing and support communications).
We share your personal information with certain third parties who provide services on our behalf. They only have access to the personal information they need to perform those services. They are required to keep your personal information confidential and may not use it other than as we ask them to and always in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our distributors, who help us to sell our products in certain countries;
Those helping us to deliver products to you;
Third parties that help us with mailing services, product services and repairs, processing product purchases, financial services, audit services, administrative services, IT technologies (e.g. data storage), security services and insurance claims;
Third parties that help us to provide services and responses to you;
Third parties that assist us with our marketing, helping us to understand how well our online advertising works, to reach people who are more interested in PowaKaddy products, by setting cookies on our websites (more information on this can be found in our Cookies  section and Social media platforms who serve our advertising on their platforms on our behalf (and who we may securely share your personal information with in order to serve this advertising to both you and/or others).
We also share certain personal information with third parties who help us to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. The information we share with those third parties includes some of the information that you share with us (such as, your contact details and information about the transaction), and some of the information from your online interactions (such as the IP address of your device). That information is used to determine whether a transaction could be fraudulent.
We will also share your personal information if we are required to do so by law, including in response to a legal process, such as a court order, or to comply with other national, state, provincial or local laws.
We take responsibility for the personal information that you share with us and require those third parties with whom we share your personal information to apply the same level of privacy protection as is contained in this privacy policy.
We have added functionality to some of our products which, for example, allows your GPS PowaKaddy product to interact with certain third party products.  However, the products will only interact if you want them to, by enabling the relevant functionality.
We may provide links to other websites which are not operated and controlled by PowaKaddy.
We have no control over and are not responsible for the content of those sites or how the third parties responsible for them collect and use your personal information. We do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites.
Third party websites may have their own privacy policies explaining how they use and share your personal information. You should carefully review those privacy policies before you use these websites to make sure that you are happy with how your personal information is being collected and shared.
We only keep your personal information for as long as we need to, to be able to use it for the reasons given in this privacy policy, and for as long as we are required to keep it by law.
We give you control over the personal information we collect about you, to ensure it is accurate and reflects your preferences. For more information on how to change the way that we contact you, see the section above titled ‘How can you change the way that we contact you about our products, services and support?’.
You have the right to access, update and amend personal information that we hold about you. If the law in your country allows us to impose a fee for giving you access, we will communicate this to you in response to your request.
In certain circumstances, you can also:
object to our use of your personal information for certain purposes;
ask us to limit or restrict our use of your personal information;
ask us to remove or delete personal information about you; or
provide your personal information to a third party provider of services.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information, please e-mail
privacy@PowaKaddy.co.uk
We are committed to protecting your personal information. We use appropriate technical and organisational measures, including encryption, to protect your personal information and privacy, and review those regularly. We protect your personal information using a combination of physical and IT security controls, including access controls that restrict and manage the way in which your personal information and data is processed, managed and handled. We also ensure that our staff are adequately trained in protecting your personal information. Our procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we share your personal information with you.
In the unlikely event that we do suffer a security breach which compromises our protection of your personal information and we need to let you know about it, we will do so.
PowaKaddy is headquartered in the United Kingdom (UK).
We collect personal information in the country in which you live. We then host and store that information in the European Economic Area (EEA). Those third parties that we share your personal information with may handle or transfer your personal information outside of the UK, and outside of the EEA, to other countries in which they have facilities.
We will make sure that both any transfer of your personal information by us or by the third parties that we share your personal information with, and our handling of your personal information, complies with those laws which apply to us. In any case, our transfer, storage and handling of your personal information will continue to be governed by this privacy policy.
By submitting your personal information to us, and by using our websites, apps or connected products, you agree to us transferring, storing and handling your personal information in this way.
PowaKaddy’s websites, apps and products are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
If you are a child, please do not attempt to become a registered user of our websites, apps or products or otherwise provide us with any personal information. If we learn that we have inadvertently obtained personal information from a child, we will delete that information as soon as possible.
If you are aware of a child who has provided their personal information to us, please contact us at
privacy@PowaKaddy.co.uk
Changes to this privacy policy
We will review and update this privacy policy at least once a year and will note the date it was last updated below.
If we change our privacy policy, we will post the details of the changes below. If we have your e-mail address, we may also e-mail you with information on those changes. If we need to, we will also ask you to confirm that you are happy with those changes.
We stand behind the commitments we have made. We will never change our policies and practices in a way that will offer less protection for personal information than we already have about you without your consent.
This privacy policy was last reviewed and updated in October 2020 (PKPP-002)
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns, or would like to make a complaint about how we use the personal information we hold about you, please email our Privacy Team.
If, after speaking to us, you are not satisfied with our response, you can contact the relevant regulator or authority in your country that is responsible for handling complaints about the use of personal information.
You can contact our Privacy Team at any time at
privacy@PowaKaddy.com
and we will get back to you as soon as possible.