PRIVACY POLICY
Igor Suntsev and its affiliates (“We”, “Us”, “Our”, “Dragosha games”) respect the privacy rights of our users and are committed to protecting the information collected through its online products, apps and websites including, but not limited to our site
dragosha.com
as well as mobile game “Look Your Loot”. Igor Suntsev has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how we collect, store, transfer, use and disclose the information collected in connection with our Services. Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to information collected or received by Igor Suntsev through your use of Our Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OUR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN INFORMED AND EXPLICIT CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS OUR SERVICES.
Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at isuntsev@gmail.com
Information Collection and Use
Igor Suntsev collects information as described below. Igor Suntsev’s primary goals in collecting and using information is to provide Services to you, improve our Services, contact you, create your account, analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services and create reports for internal use.
You may provide us with your data and other Personal and Non-Personal information whenever you interact with our Services including, without limitation, when you search our Services, participate in a contest, survey or questionnaire, place an order, or communicate with Us by phone or email.
We store information on servers located in the United States and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.
Types of Information We Collect
Personal Information means data about an individual which may be used to identify, contact or locate that person including, for example, name, nick name, mailing address, credit card information, friend connections, Device ID, email address or phone number as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. The types of personal information may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in.
Personal information
you provide to us include situations, but are not limited to: registration for Services, contests and special events; subscribing to newsletters; requesting technical support; updating software; accessing Services using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming services; providing with job application information; using “share with a friend” or other similar features; and otherwise through use of our Services where personal information is required for use and/or participation. If you choose to use Our’s "share with a friend" or a similar service about our Services, Igor Suntsev will store your friend's name and contact details that you provide to Us. Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Igor Suntsev may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Igor Suntsev. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Igor Suntsev may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Igor Suntsev and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information
means data that, by itself, does not directly identify you or linked to your Personal Information. Besides that, non-personal information means data collected by Igor Suntsev or third party analytical software about the use of our Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed. The types of non-personal data Igor Suntsev may collect and use include, but are not limited to: device properties (for example, unique device identifier), device software platform, firmware, mobile phone carrier, zip code, area code and location, game score, other non-personal data as reasonably required by Igor Suntsev to enhance our Services.
Information Collected via Technology
Our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, application software, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, date/time stamps for your visits to the Sites or use of our Services, your device type, etc.
We can use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags, clear GIFs and web beacons to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit to Our Site and the information for which you searched and which you viewed. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Services. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas or features of our Services may not work properly.
Igor Suntsev treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
Our Policy Regarding Minors
Igor Suntsev takes minors’ privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's IT experience. We do not intentionally gather Personal Information from users who are under the age of 13 without parental consent. We require device owners to specify their age before any Personal Information is collected. If it comes to our attention that Personal Information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have Personal Information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at isuntsev@gmail.com
How Information Is Used, Shared and Disclosed
We do not sell, and generally do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties without your consent. Parents have the right to consent to collection and use of personal information from their child without also consenting to its disclosure to third parties as we do not share information that may be collected from your child. We use Personal, Non-Personal Information, among other things, to monitor system performance, analyze internal business systems, improve our Services, fulfill requests for additional products and services, contact you about promotional and marketing activities, and conduct research.
Examples of how We share and disclose your information is as follows:
- We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, protection of our rights and/or your safety or the safety of others, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Igor Suntsev to legal liability.
- Igor Suntsev may use and disclose to Igor Suntsev’s partners and contractors the collected information for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Igor Suntsev services and products. We may use third-party companies and individuals to perform functions on Our behalf. We will provide such entities with access to certain information needed to perform their functions, but will take measures to ensure that they may not use it for other purposes. We share information only as described above and with third parties that are either subject to this Privacy Policy or to a privacy policy that is at least as protective as this Privacy Policy. You recognize and agree that third-party companies utilized by Igor Suntsev may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
- We may reorganize as a business entity, acquire entities, subsidiaries, or business units, or enter into joint ventures with third parties. In any of these types of transactions, any information you provide may be one of the transferred business assets.
Links to Other Sites and Social Media Features
Our Services may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Igor Suntsev. Please be aware that We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave Our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies only to information collected by our Services.
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of Services Igor Suntsev may make available to you. You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to our Services. Any information that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. We are not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to Us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to Us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. While no security system is completely secure, We and Our third party partners and contractors takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the information we collect. For Us, this includes, but is not limited to, ensuring that all Personal Information is disclosed only on a “need to know” basis and ensuring that all Personal Information collected by Us is done so via secured connections and protected and encrypted by industrial grade security software to guard against unauthorized access.
Data Retention
Igor Suntsev retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter if the collected information is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Igor Suntsev deletes all aforementioned data in its possession. Even if data is changed or deleted, Igor Suntsev may still retain some of the data to resolve disputes, enforce Igor Suntsev user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements related to the security, integrity and operation of Services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Igor Suntsev reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to Our practices. If we make any material changes we will inform you by means of a notice on our website
dragosha.com
along with the updated Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on Our Privacy Policy.
Contact us
Igor Suntsev welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please contact Us at:
Attn: Privacy Policy Issues
E-mail: isuntsev@gmail.com