We care deeply about privacy
Our commitments to user privacy
Our games don’t collect information such as user’s name, address, phone number or email address or use technology to collect or disclose to a third party a user’s personal information such as name, gender, age, address, email address, phone number, etc.
Our games don’t use or collect or share the precise geographic location of our users.
Our games don’t contain social network integration or other social features (links to Facebook, Twitter, or any other social network or service).
COPPA Compliance
Our games are appropriate for children of all ages and comply in full with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection rule (COPPA) guidelines of the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) regarding the collection of information from children under 13.
Third-Party Services in our games
We have partnered with Unity Technologies Ltd. to provide extra services to our users that does not directly enable us to identify you. Unity are aware that our games are appropriate for all ages and the services they provide are in full compliance with COPPA guidelines.
For further information please review the Unity privacy policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Usage of our websites
When browsing our websites, no information is collected from you apart from anonymous usage statistics (using Google Analytics).
For further information please review the Google privacy policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time, at our sole discretion. If we decide to change anything in this document, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This privacy policy was last modified on December 20th, 2020.
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Not readable? Change text.
Send
Start typing and press Enter to search
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Access Denied
You don't have permission to access "http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy" on this server.
Reference #18.3e62645f.1741265388.fa3d06f
https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.3e62645f.1741265388.fa3d06f
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.