Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Five River Solutions (Pvt) Ltd
its subsidiaries and its affiliates ("Company" or "We" or "Us" or "Our")Frespect the privacy of its users ("User" or "You"). We are committed to protect our User's Information. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding what information we collect for Admob or third party Advertisement serving technologies, and Google Analytics for collecting Games statistics we use in our Games, and under what circumstances, if any; how we use it.When you play our Games. We disclose it.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT PLAY ANY GAMES OF Five River Solutions (Pvt) Ltd.
If we change or modify our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy page. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE OR MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME, so please review it frequently.
BY PLAYING OUR GAMES, YOU AGREE THE TERMS & CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, including to the possible collection and processing of your Personal Information (as defined below).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
FRS
uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Pakistan and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Pakistan and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Mintegral Privacy Policy
AdMob
Unity Privacy Policy
Game Analytics
Crashlytic
s
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies
Five River Solutions also uses Game Analytics, as a analytic metrics tool in our Games to collect information when User plays our Games on mobile devices. Game Analytics uses "Cookies", text files that are stored on your device and that enables the analysis of your usage of the game you are currently playing or games you play. The information about your usage are collected through these cookies, will be transmitted to and stored on Game Analytics server based in the UK.
In App Purchase (IAP)
We provide some features or item to be bought or unlocked as in game or app purchases through the mechanism provided by the app store (Google, Apple etc.). We take it for granted that any IAP made by You or your child is with your full knowledge, understanding and consent. As We do not force or fool the user to make any IAP so the company would not be responsible for any refund or claim whatsoever regarding IAP. This will only applicable if / when "In App Purchase" feature is added in our Games.
Questions and Feedback
If You have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, You are most welcome to send us an email to the following address: fiveriversolutions512@gmail.com and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable time frame.
Email:
fiveriversolutions512@gmail.com
Updated: Apr 8, 2021
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mintegral.com%2Fen%2Fprivacy%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3J89IxXFX_P2RnE_rE7yS0:
Contact Mintegral
boost your mobile growth
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings