The Guide.ME Mobile Application is owned and operated by Guide.Me Limited Liability Company (1078 Budapest, István utca 45.).
DEFINITIONS
In these terms of use, the terms below have the following meanings:
the. “Company” means Guide.Me Ltd;
“User” means any customer of the Company who is the end user of the Application and the term “You” shall be interpreted accordingly;
“Application” means its past, present and future content, including but not limited to the structure, design, text, images, photographs, illustrations, compilations, graphics, broadcasts, advertising texts, databases, proprietary information, any other copyright of the Application or other rights (including source and object codes) and any other material that may be associated with Guide.Me, the Application itself, the layout, selection, sequence, layout of the elements of the Application, the main features of the Application Design, all trademarks, service, company name, logos, domain names, patents and all intellectual property protected by copyright and proprietary rights and owned by the Company.
“Terms of Use” means this document.
“Application Environment” means the application platforms through which the User can view the Content
“Content” means the Application as a whole and its contents.
THIRD PARTY CONDITIONS
These Terms of Use govern the relationship between the Company and you. These Terms of Use do not create any rights for the benefit of a third party or beneficiary.
YOUR CONTRIBUTION
By accessing the Application you agree to the the Terms of Use.
METHOD OF USE
1. You acknowledge that:
a. the Company will only provide you with access to the Application;
b. you can access the Application as a User only;
c. these Terms of Use do not give you the right to use images, signage, logos, trademarks or logos used in the Application;
d. Unauthorized use of the Application is not permitted, in particular, you should not use the Application through the interface provided by the Company and other than instructions;
e. the information provided by the Application is not complete, further / more information is provided by the Company on its website (http://guideme.hu and http://app.guideme.hu);
f. is not entitled, either in whole or in part, to modify, issue, lease, rent, sell, distribute or decompile the Application and the information it has acquired during use;
g. the Company reserves the right – without being bound to do so – to refuse access to or remove any content;
h. the Company reserves the right to update the Software, and subsequently accepts the Terms of Use;
i. the Company reserves the right to modify the Terms of Use;
j. you agree if there has been any modification with the Terms of Use while you are using the Application, you as the user understand and acknowledge the new Terms of Use;
k. the Company is entitled to disable access to the Application if you have violated the Terms of Use (or have behaved in such a way as to make it clear that you do not intend or may not comply with the Terms of Use);
l. the Company is entitled to terminate the Application.
2. You agree that:
a. you use the Application only for the purposes permitted by the Terms of Use and applicable laws, regulations, and generally accepted practices;
b. you may not access or attempt to access the Application other than those specified in the Application Environment;
c. does not perform any activity that may interfere with the Application (or the servers and networks that transmit and / or relate to the Application during the use);
d. you will not be entitled to copy, distribute, sell or rent any part of the Application or the Software for Use, and you are not entitled to decrypt the Software or attempt to obtain the Software Source Code unless you have received a written permission from the Company;
e. you do not acquire any intellectual property rights for the Application or any content that is available to you by using the Application. You are not authorized to use the Content from the Application unless you have obtained permission from the Company.
3. The Company shall have the right to use the Application as a means of communication, administrative messages and other information, as set out in Act XLVIII of 2008 on the Fundamental Terms and Limitations of Economic Advertising Activity according to the law, to be sent to the User. By accepting these Terms of Use, the User expressly agrees to send such messages to the Company.
4. The Application is exclusively for non-commercial, non-exclusive, limited personal use and the User can not use it for any other purpose without the Company’s prior written consent. The User agrees to comply with any copyright, information, or restriction contained in any part of the Application. The User may not alter, delete, or disclose any copyright, trademark, patent or other similar indication in the Application, including any downloadable, transmitted, depicted, printed, or otherwise reproduced parts.
5. The Company shall not be liable for any loss of profits, loss of income, lost data, financial loss, or loss of indirect, extraordinary, consequential, non-pecuniary or material damages arising from the use and use of information.
SOFTWARE UPDATES
The software updates are designed to expand, improve, and develop the Application, and to provide you with new features such as new Application features. By using the App you agree to receive such updates, and you acknowledge that any changes you make may affect your availability.