Privacy Policy
We collect information about you for three reasons: firstly, to process any online orders/enquiries, secondly to provide news if you are a subscriber, and thirdly to provide you with the best possible service.
You may like to how we collect certain information or data about you and your visit to our website when you use myfussyeater.com
Company:
relates to any legitimate company, by which you are directly employed, authorised on behalf of, or plan to start
Individual:
relates to you as a visitor to the website
GDPR
relates to The General Data Protection Regulations due to come into effect on 25th of May 2018
We will be collecting:
Search terms you have used to either find our website or used on our website, a record of all browsing behaviour including links clicked. This is done via a cookie which is set on your first arrival to our website and the contents of any form you submit to us.  Our complete Cookie policy is highlighted in a separate link
Information that will help us contact you in the future like: name, company name, address, phone and email
All personal information disclosed by you to us will be retained securely and we will not seek to append personal data from external sources
Information on engagement with the emails and SMS messages you receive from us
The IP address your router freely transmits to our web servers
Your browser user agent, as freely transmitted by your computer. This includes your browser build information, your device type and your computer’s operating system
We will not be collecting:
Information about browsing habits outside of our own domains (www.myfussyeater.com)
Personal information relating to you and your private life, such as gender, age
This data is held in a state of the art highly protected data storage environment within the UK and will be used to:
Improve the content and relevance of what we send to you
Help improve the content we display on our website
Answer any questions you may have submitted and retain this information to ensure a fast and effective service in the future
Provide you with the fastest access to the latest content relevant to you
Ensure we remain compliant under the terms of the GDPR
WHERE DO WE STORE YOUR DATA?
We only store data with Cloudways Hosting.  Your data will never be transmitted outside of the EU.  Unless you have specifically requested us to do so.
EMAIL AND SMS OPTIONS
myfussyeater.com uses MailChimp to send email communications, both the MailChimp data centre and its support professionals are located within the EU.
By submitting your information into myfussyeater.com into one of the data capture points you are confirming the following:
You are doing so in your capacity as a representative of the company (see previous definition) or as an individual
You are over 18 years of age
You are accepting the relevance of our marketing email communications
You are providing contact information that will facilitate the communication between [company/blog name] and you
SHOULD YOU WISH TO STOP RECEIVING EMAILS FROM US
You may use the unsubscribe link, which will be present within the footer of every email and SMS we send to you.  Your subscription preferences will be immediately updated.
DATA SECURITY
Due to the open nature of the internet transmitting data to Cloudways, this must only be done via approved data transmission channels.  We will endeavour to ensure your data is transmitted to us using the known best practice approaches.  It’s important to note, any data you send to us is sent at your own risk.
Once your data is received, it will be stored within the Cloudways secure data environment, where we have robust processes and procedures to keep it safe.
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only pass on the personal information collected if we have a legal obligation to do so.
We will not share your information with any Third Parties not listed on our list of partners.
YOUR RIGHTS
[insert company/blog name] is working hard to ensure it sets an exemplarily standard in data management and usage.  Specifically, under the proposed the GDPR you have the right to request the following:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure (or be forgotten)
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automatic decision making and profiling
For more information on GDPR and your rights please see
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/data-protection-reform/overview-of-the-gdpr/
If you have questions concerning the processing of your personal data you should contact us at ciara@myfussyeater.com
In the event that you have not received a response within 30 days you have the right to contact The ICO, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF, Email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
EXTERNAL LINKS
My Fussy Eater may from time to time link to third party websites displaying useful content.  It’s important to note this privacy policy specifically covers www.myfussyeater.com domain only.
Please ensure you have verified the privacy policies on any external websites before submitting personal information.
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising (Ver 1.1)
The Website works with Mediavine to manage third-party interest-based advertising appearing on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at
All About Cookies
.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site. In the event you opt-out, you will still see non-personalized advertisements on the Website.
The Website collects the following data using a cookie when serving personalized ads:
IP Address
Operating System type
Operating System version
Device Type
Language of the website
Web browser type
Email (in hashed form)
Mediavine Partners (companies listed below with whom Mediavine shares data) may also use this data to link to other end user information the partner has independently collected to deliver targeted advertisements. Mediavine Partners may also separately collect data about end users from other sources, such as advertising IDs or pixels, and link that data to data collected from Mediavine publishers in order to provide interest-based advertising across your online experience, including devices, browsers and apps. This data includes usage data, cookie information, device information, information about interactions between users and advertisements and websites, geolocation data, traffic data, and information about a visitor’s referral source to a particular website. Mediavine Partners may also create unique IDs to create audience segments, which are used to provide targeted advertising.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit
National Advertising Initiative opt out page
. You may also visit
Digital Advertising Alliance website
and
Network Advertising Initiative website
to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at
Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app
to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
For specific information about Mediavine Partners, the data each collects and their data collection and privacy policies, please visit
Mediavine Partners
.