You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Services
Log in
Home
/
Privacy statement
Privacy statement
Singpass Privacy Statement
This Singpass Privacy Statement (the
"Privacy Statement"
) must be read in conjunction with the Singpass Terms of Use (the
"Terms"
). Unless otherwise stated, all other capitalised terms contained in this Privacy Statement shall have the meaning given to it in the Terms. In this Privacy Statement, "we", "us" or "our" refers collectively to the Government of Singapore and Government Technology Agency.
The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you of how we collect, use, disclose and process the following data and information:
data and personal data relating to you;
information associated with your Account (including but not limited to Singpass, Singpass app or Account activity or interaction data); and
data and personal data that may relate to a third party individual and is provided by you
(collectively,
"Data"
).
Types of Data that we collect
We may request certain types of Data from you in connection with your Use of Singpass and Singpass Materials. Examples of the types of Data which we may request and collect include, but are not limited to:
information relating to your Account, such as your Account number;
information about you from data source(s) approved by us;
your contact information, including your telephone number, email and mailing addresses;
information from your Device including but not limited to your location information, IP address, MAC address, network interfaces, device type and model, and other forms of data from your Device in connection with the Use of Singpass or Singpass Materials;
information relating to the version of the Singpass app on your Device or your Use of Singpass or Singpass Materials, including but not limited to information relating to your activities in respect of Singpass and Singpass Materials, the usage of the various functionalities, features or clicks on the Singpass Materials, Device permissions such as the permission to push notifications, use location services, use any connectivity services, and other similar information;
Fingerprint, Face Identification enrolled by, where applicable, the relevant Fingerprint Recognition Feature or Face Recognition Feature on your Registered Mobile Device;
your Captured Face Data;
your Login Credentials for Using Singpass and Singpass Materials; and
such other information as may be provided by, or collected from you in connection with your Use of Singpass and Singpass Materials.
We may collect the Data through various technologies including but not limited to:
Analytics Tags
: Analytics Tags are used by us to analyse the effectiveness of the functionalities and features of Singpass and Singpass Materials and user preferences relating to Singpass and Singpass Materials in order to improve general user experience. We may use information collected through such analytics tags in combination with your Data (such as transaction history and demographic information) to understand more about the profile of our users.
Cookies
: Cookies are small data files which are sent to your browser or Device to store and track information about you when you Use Singpass and Singpass Materials. Cookies are also used to improve and maintain the functionality of Singpass and Singpass Materials, and to track information such as the number of users of Singpass and Singpass Materials, their frequency of use, the profile of the users and other similar information relating to the Use of Singpass and Singpass Materials. While these cookies can tell us when you Use Singpass and Singpass Materials, they cannot read data off your hard disk. Not all cookies collect personal data and you may configure your preferences and settings to reject the use of cookies. However, this may mean you may not be able to take full advantage of Singpass and Singpass Materials, including the features or the functionalities of Singpass or Singpass Materials.
Server Logs
: Server logs are files and records of activity created by the Device that you Use Singpass or Singpass Materials from. For example, a web server log may record a history of page requests whereas other logs may record errors, access attempts or other information about your Device, such as your IP address or your Device's cookie settings. We collect and retain such server logs for administrative, security and troubleshooting purposes.
Device information
: Information relating to your Device such as its model, type, operating system and other technical attributes.
Why we collect Data
Data collected from you may be used, disclosed and processed by us for any, some or all of the following purposes:
to assist, process and facilitate your Use of Singpass and Singpass Materials, including registering and creating your Account, facilitating your login into your Account and your use of any features or functionalities of Singpass and Singpass Materials (including Singpass Face Verification and Myinfo);
to carry out your instructions or respond to any queries, feedback or complaints provided by (or purported to be provided by) you or on your behalf, or otherwise for the purposes of responding to or dealing with your interactions with us;
to monitor and track your usage of Singpass and Singpass Materials, in order to assist us in understanding user behaviour, trends and preferences, and in improving Singpass and Singpass Materials. For the avoidance of doubt, we may also collect, use, disclose and process such Data to create reports and produce statistics regarding the above for record-keeping and reporting or publication purposes (whether internally or externally). Data used in such reports and statistics will be anonymised before publication;
for the purposes of storing or creating backups of your Data for contingency or business continuity purposes;
to prevent or investigate any fraud, unlawful or criminal activity or omission or misconduct, or cybersecurity incident, via the use of your Account, whether or not there is any suspicion of the aforementioned, even if the disclosure of such Data may be potentially incriminating;
to deal with conflict of interests or investigate complaints in relation to your Account;
to authenticate your identity through the use of Singpass Face Verification;
to populate your Profile Data for the use of Myinfo;
to pre-fill any e-form, user registration page or screen on any Approved Recipient's Channel(s) with your Profile Data;
to contact you or communicate with you on any matters relating to your Use of Singpass and Singpass Materials, including but not limited to the purposes set out above, via email, push notifications or such other forms of communication that we may introduce from time to time depending on the functionality of Singpass and Singpass Materials and your Device;
for us or other Public Agencies to contact you or communicate with you for purposes which include facilitating the discharge of public functions by us or such Public Agencies, and the conduct of market research, surveys and promotional activities by Public Agencies; and
for any other purpose(s) that do not appear above where permissible under any written law
(collectively, the
"Purposes"
).
With regard to Data provided by you or which we have collected as part of the provision of Singpass or its features or functionalities:
unless prohibited by written law, we may share, transfer and disclose Data with any of the following third parties:
third parties approved by us to use Singpass and its features or functionalities (such as Approved Service Providers);
relevant third party service providers in connection with the provision of Singpass and Singpass Materials;
law enforcement authorities, investigative bodies, regulatory bodies;
Public Agencies; and
for your convenience, we may also display to you Data you had previously supplied us. This will speed up the transaction(s) and save you the trouble of repeating previous submissions. Should such displayed Data be out-of-date, you shall be required to supply the latest Data through the relevant functionality in Singpass without delay.
Data of third party individuals
In the course of your Use of Singpass or Singpass Materials, you may provide or we may collect Data relating to other individuals from you.
You shall, prior to disclosing to us such Data relating to other individuals:
notify these individuals (i) that you will be providing their data or personal data to us or through your Use of Singpass or its features or functionalities; and (ii) of the Purposes for which we will be collecting, using, disclosing and processing their data or personal data, as set out in this Privacy Statement and as notified by us to you from time to time; and
obtain the consent from the individuals whose data or personal data are being disclosed, permitting (i) you to disclose the personal data to us or through your Use of Singpass or its features or functionalities; and (ii) us to collect, use, disclose and process these individuals' personal data, for the Purposes.
You represent and warrant that:
the data or personal data that you will be providing us or have provided us is, complete, accurate, true and correct; and
you have the valid authority and consent from these individuals to act on their behalf and provide their data or personal data to us to collect, use, disclose and process for the Purposes.
How we handle and manage your Data
Your Data may be stored in servers, systems or devices owned, operated or managed by us, a relevant Third Party or any third party service provider engaged by us or a relevant Third Party, or on your Device, and may be used by us (or our third party service providers) and Approved Service Providers to facilitate your Use of Singpass or Singpass Materials.
You may withdraw your consent to the use and disclosure of Data by us with reasonable notice; however, doing so may prevent proper Use of Singpass or Singpass Materials, or any part thereof and may also result in the cessation of your Use of Singpass or Singpass Materials, or any part thereof. We may retain, use, disclose and process your Data for any of the Purposes set out herein where permitted under any applicable law.
Changes to Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to change, modify or supplement the Privacy Statement at our discretion and at any time, by posting the changed, modified or supplemented Privacy Statement on or through the Singpass Website, Singpass app, or through such other means as we may deem appropriate. Your continued Use of Singpass and Singpass Materials following the posting of any change, modification or supplement will constitute your acceptance of such change, modification or supplement. If you do not agree to any change, modification or supplement to the Privacy Statement, please do not Use Singpass or Singpass Materials.
Version History
Date of Changes
Summary of Key Changes
10 November 2022
Clause 1 was amended to clarify the types of data and information that is collected, used, disclosed and processed under the definition of “Data”. It clarifies under Clause 1.2 that Data will include information associated with your Account.
Clause 4.5 was amended to clarify that Data may also be used, disclosed and processed for purposes of preventing any criminal activity.
Clause 5 was amended to clarify the third parties to whom the Data that was provided by you or collected as part of the provision of Singpass or its features and functionalities may be shared with. It clarifies that the third persons that Data may be shared with include law enforcement authorities, investigative bodies, regulatory bodies, and Public Agencies.
Clause 6 was amended to reflect consequential edits as a result of the amendments to Clause 1 and to clarify that Data relating to other individuals, may be provided by you or through your Use of Singpass or its features or functionalities.
30 March 2023
Clause 4.5 was amended to clarify that Data may also be used, disclosed and processed for purposes of preventing any cybersecurity incident. Clause 4.5 was also amended to clarify that the use, disclosure or processing may occur even if the disclosure may be potentially incriminating.
21 September 2023
Clause 4.11 was amended to clarify that Data may be shared with Public Agencies, including to facilitate the discharge of public functions by us or such Public Agencies.
Contact us
Share feedback
Read FAQs
Report vulnerability
Privacy statement
Terms of use
Sitemap
© Government of Singapore • Last updated  07 March 2025