Sending...
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy Skygo
Last modified: Nov 07, 2024

Contact Email: contact@skygogame.com

This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Skygo. Sometimes, we may post product specific privacy notices to explain our products in more detail.

Where this Privacy Policy refers to "Personal Data" (or "Data") we mean any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information, including a personal identification number, allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.

Skygo is the controller of the Personal Data we hold about you in connection with your use of our Services, meaning that we determine and are responsible for how your Personal Data is used. 

Under this Privacy Policy, your Personal Data shall be processed in order to provide the Services once you download our mobile applications, access and/or play our games, or interact with our Services. If you have any other concerns about providing Data to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Services.

If you have any questions about data controller or requests regarding your personal data processed by us, please email our Data Protection Officer (DPO):
Name: Skygo Games
Email Address: contact@skygogame.com
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We acquire, utilize, and process your personal data through various means. In every instance, we are committed to safeguarding your personal data. In the sections outlined below, we detail how we collect your personal data and how we handle that data.
Personal Data
When you access or use our applications, we may collect general information about you, including:
1.	"Personal Information" means the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used to contact you individually online or offline, such as your full name, address (including place of residence or domicile), email address, telephone number, photograph, and precise geographic location information.
2.	"Non-personal information" means data that is not directly associated with you or any particular individual ("non-identifying information"). We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-identifiable information for any purpose.
3.	Information collected when you attend our events or provided to our customer service.
4.	We collect or store relevant information automatically through your use of the services we provide, including but not limited to device information such as device model and operating system version; software information such as software version number and browser type; information such as information searched or viewed or server failure when using the services; geographic location information we obtain through IP address, GPS, WLAN, and other means when using location-related services.
5.	We obtain relevant information from the content shared and published by our users.
6.	Information we obtain from you when using third-party services or through sharing.
7.	Other relevant information we collect to provide better services.
Other Data Sources
If you log in to the application via a website or third-party platform such as Facebook, Apple Game Center, and Google Sign-In, we will access information about you from that website or platform, such as display name, profile information, and your friends' list, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by the website or third-party platform, provided that you have agreed with that website or third-party platform.

You can learn more about how websites or third-party platforms process your personal data in the relevant privacy policies:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Game Center: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/
Google Play Games: https://policies.google.com/privacy

If you log in to the application via a website or third-party platform, you declare and warrant that (i) your access to and use of those features related to the application will comply with the current terms and policies of that website or platform; and (ii) you have exceeded the minimum age limits set for that website or third-party platform according to the laws in the respective legal jurisdictions.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
1.	Provide you with our games or other services.
2.	Optimize the games or services provided by us.
3.	Enable in-app purchases and store your progress in our games.
4.	Enable social network integration and provide customer service support when you need it.
5.	Use your information for identity verification, security prevention, information identification in case of theft, anti-fraud monitoring, archive backup, and user security services
6.	Recommend advertising, consulting or related services, etc. which may interest you based on your personal information.

Our processing for the above purposes is necessary to perform the contract that you are a party to support the operation of the Application, facilitate the provision of products and services requested as well as allow maintenance and update of the Application, see Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR (also known as “the balancing of interest rule”)

Our action for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interest in providing advertisements and content that you are interested in as well as improving our services according to Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.

Our action for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interest in providing advertisements and content that you are interested in as well as improving our services according to [VCDPA] Va. Code Ann. § 59.1-578(C).
DATA RETENTION
We'll keep your information for as long as necessary to provide you with the Services, fulfill our legal obligations, and/or exercise, defend or establish our rights. We may still retain some of your personal information in our files for a reasonable period of time to resolve disputes, enforce our terms and policies, administer our Services, comply with technical and legal requirements, and/or other constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation of our Services

We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
Subject to your legal rights, based on Article 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c) and 6(1)(f) GDPR, we may disclose the information we collect about you, and may enable you to share this information, with a variety of third parties in various ways, including:

Social media platforms, see more in “Social sharing” Feature;

Other third parties (e.g., for collaborative offerings, legal and safety purposes, in connection with the sale or transfer of a business or asset, and other purposes with your permission);

The authorities if we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our policies or if the disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of Skygo or others;

Other users, such as when you participate in open communities or events, or information published on leaderboards

When you agree with the information in Article 6(1)(1) GDPR, we will share your Device identifiers to advertising network companies. This will help to serve you personalized advertisements. We use or may user the following advertising network:

Applovin Corporation: https://www.applovin.com/privacy/

AdColony: https://yandex.com/legal/international_ads_privacy_policy

Amazon Publisher Services: https://www.amazon.com/privacyprefs

Facebook, Inc.: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/

Google LLC: https://policies.google.com/privacy

Google Admob: https://support.google.com/admob/

Unity Technologies: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

IronSource: http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf

Vungle, Inc.: https://vungle.com/privacy/

Fyber: https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/

The recipients' use of the disclosed information will not be covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions concerning the processing carried out by such third parties, you should review their privacy policy.

In connection with our processing, we use following data processors such as server hosting providers, technical service providers for supporting internal operations, user login services and analytics service providers:

Facebook Analytics (Facebook, Inc.) https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/

Firebase (Google LLC) https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy

Adjust https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
CHILDREN
We do not intend to or knowingly collect Personal Data from children. We use the term "children" to refer to someone who is (a) under 13 years old or, if older (b) between 13 and 17 years old but under the age at which they can give valid consent to the processing of their Personal Data under applicable local or regional laws.  

In general, we do not intentionally or knowingly collect any personal data from children. If a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us, we encourage the child's parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the Personal Data from our systems. If you believe that we might have any information from or about children, please contact us.
SECURITY
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
We send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide game-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages, if you have agreed to such notifications. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
YOUR RIGHTS
1. Rights of EEU residents
We process and answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the request. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as permitted by Article 12 of the GDPR.
2. Right to request access
You have the right to access Information, see Article 15 of the GDPR, and to receive an explanation of how we use it and who we share it with. This right is not absolute. For example, we cannot reveal trade secrets, or give you Information about other individuals.
3. The right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of- interest rule in Section 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, see Article 21 of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.

You have the right to (i) withdraw your consent where you previously provided such consent; or (ii) object to our processing of your Information where we process such Information on the basis of our legitimate interests (see above under HOW WE USE INFORMATION)
4. Right to rectification
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, see Article 16 of the GDPR.
5. The right to restriction
You have the right to obtain restriction of processing in certain circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR. If you have the right to restriction, we will only process your data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim or to protect a person or important grounds of public interest.
6. The right to withdraw consent
If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, see Article 7 of the GDPR.

If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data.

The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
7. The right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you have provided us with which we process in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller if the processing is based on consent or contract performance, see Article 20 of the GDPR.
8. Rights of California residents
The CCPA provides California residents with certain legal rights; these rights are not absolute and are subject to certain exemptions. If you are a California resident, and the CCPA does not recognize an exemption that applies to you or your personal information, you have the right to:

Submit a verifiable request for the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
- the categories of Personal Information about you that we collected, sold, or disclosed;
- the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected;
- the purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information about you;
- the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed Personal Information about you and the categories of Personal Information that was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the Personal Information about you; and
- the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;

Submit a verifiable request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you; and

Be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights, including providing a different level or quality of services or deny goods or services to you when you exercise your rights under the CCPA, subject to certain limitations.

We aim to fulfil all verified requests within 45 days pursuant to the CCPA. If necessary, extensions for an additional 45 days will be accompanied by an explanation for the delay.

We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail.

Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal data that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.

Under CCPA each California resident have the right to know whether your personal data is sold.
Under CCPA each California resident can request any business stop selling personal information to third parties.
8. Right to opt out
You have the right to opt-out of allowing the "sale" of your personal data.
Please submit a request to delete your personal information and stop any further collection of personal information to us at:
Name: Skygo Games
Email Address: contact@skygogame.com
9. Right to be informed
You have a right to be informed about what categories of personal data we are collecting, including the purpose of the collection. You can freely find this information in our Privacy Policy. We update our Privacy Policy at least once every 12 months.

You have the right to know whether your personal data is sold.
10. Right to disclosure
You can request us to disclose what personal data we have collected on you in the past 12 months.
We can assure you that our Privacy Policy is a relevant document where you can find information about what personal data we have collected about you over the past 12 months and intend to collect, sources of your personal data and how we use your personal data.
When providing information under the right of access, we will provide you with the following information:
- The categories of personal data we are collecting about you,
- The categories of sources of the personal data,
- The purpose for collecting your personal data,
- The categories of any third parties with whom we share your personal data,
- The specific pieces of personal data collected about you.
11. Right to deletion
You can request us to delete the personal data we have collected on you in the past 12 months.

We fully recognize your right to deletion, however, we would like to note that in some cases we are obliged to keep your personal data for a certain period of time. For instance, if we need to provide services to you, detect or resolve security or functionality-related issues, comply with the law, conduct research in the public interest, safeguard the right to free speech or carry out any actions for internal purposes that you might reasonably expect. If we do not have obligations to perform any of the above actions, we can delete your personal information at your request.
DATA DELETION
You may request Skygo to erase without undue delay your personal data when it is no longer necessary for Skygo to retain such data.
In order for your data to be erased you can contact Skygo by contact@skygogame.com with request.
CHANGE TO THIS PRIVACY
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
                                
Last version
© Skygo