English
Spanish
French
German
Privacy Policy
Effective date: December 11, 2018
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the We Happy Restaurant mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy is managed by
Privacy Policy Generator
.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Service
Service is the We Happy Restaurant mobile application operated by Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc.
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside  and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to  and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@chillyroom.com
Política de privacidad
Fecha efectiva: December 11, 2018
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. ("nosotros", "a nosotros", "nuestro") opera la aplicación móvil We Happy Restaurant (en adelante, el "Servicio").
Esta página le informa de nuestras políticas en materia de recopilación, uso y divulgación de datos personales cuando utiliza nuestro Servicio y de las opciones de las que dispone en relación con esos datos. Esta Política de privacidad es administrada por
Privacy Policy Generator
.
Utilizamos sus datos para prestarle el Servicio y mejorarlo. Al utilizar el Servicio, usted acepta la recopilación y el uso de información de conformidad con esta política. A menos que esta Política de privacidad defina lo contrario, los términos utilizados en ella tienen los mismos significados que nuestros Términos y Condiciones.
Definiciones
Servicio
Servicio es la aplicación móvil We Happy Restaurant operada por Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc.
Datos personales
Datos personales significa los datos sobre una persona física viva que puede ser identificada a partir de esos datos (o con esos datos y otra información de la que dispongamos o probablemente podamos disponer).
Datos de uso
Datos de uso son los datos recopilados automáticamente, generados por el uso del Servicio o por la propia infraestructura del Servicio (por ejemplo, la duración de la visita a una página).
Cookies
Las cookies son pequeños archivos ialmacenados en su dispositivo (ordenador o dispositivo móvil).
Recopilación y uso de la información
Recopilamos diferentes tipos de información con diversas finalidades para prestarle el Servicio y mejorarlo.
Tipos de datos recopilados
Datos personales
Cuando utilice nuestro Servicio, es posible que le pidamos que nos proporcione determinada información personalmente identificable que podrá ser utilizada para contactar con usted o para identificarle ("Datos personales"). La información personalmente identificable puede incluir, entre otras, la siguiente:
Cookies y datos de uso
Datos de uso
Cuando accede al Servicio econ un dispositivo móvil, podemos recopilar determinada información automáticamente, incluyendo, entre otros, el tipo de dispositivo móvil que utiliza, el identificador exclusivo de su dispositivo móvil, la dirección de IP de su dispositivo móvil, el sistema operativo de su dispositivo móvil, el tipo de navegador de Internet que utiliza su dispositivo móvil, identificadores exclusivos de dispositivos y otros datos de diagnóstico ("Datos de uso").
Datos de cookies y seguimiento
Utilizamos cookies y tecnologías de seguimiento similares para rastrear la actividad de nuestro Servicio y mantener determinada información.
Las cookies son archivos con una pequeña cantidad de datos que pueden incluir un identificador exclusivo anónimo. Las cookies son enviadas a su navegador desde un sitio web y se almacenan en su dispositivo. Otras tecnologías de seguimiento también utilizadas son balizas, etiquetas y scripts para recopilar y rastrear la información, así como para mejorar y analizar nuestro Servicio.
Usted puede ordenar a su navegador que rechace todas las cookies o que le avise cuando se envía una cookie. Sin embargo, si no acepta cookies, es posible que no pueda utilizar algunas partes de nuestro Servicio.
Ejemplos de Cookies que utilizamos:
Cookies de sesión.
Utilizamos Cookies de sesión para operar nuestro Servicio.
Cookies de preferencia.
Utilizamos Cookies de preferencia para recordar sus preferencias y diversos ajustes.
Cookies de seguridad.
Utilizamos Cookies de seguridad para fines de seguridad.
Uso de datos
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. utiliza los datos recopilados con diversas finalidades:
Suministrar y mantener nuestro Servicio
Notificarle cambios en nuestro Servicio
Permitirle participar en funciones interactivas de nuestro Servicio cuando decida hacerlo
Prestar asistencia al cliente
Recopilar análisis o información valiosa que nos permitan mejorar nuestro Servicio
Controlar el uso de nuestro Servicio
Detectar, evitar y abordar problemas técnicos
Transferencia de datos
Su información, incluyendo Datos personales, puede ser transferida a —y mantenida en— ordenadores localizados fuera de su estado, provincia, país u otra jurisdicción gubernamental donde las leyes de protección de datos pueden diferir de las de su jurisdicción.
Si usted se encuentra fuera de  y decide facilitarnos información, tenga en cuenta que nosotros transferimos los datos, incluyendo Datos personales, a  y que los tratamos allí.
Su aceptación de esta Política de privacidad seguida de su envío de esta información representa que está de acuerdo con dicha transferencia.
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. emprenderá todas las medidas razonables necesarias para garantizar que sus datos sean tratados de forma segura y de conformidad con esta Política de privacidad y no se realizará ninguna transferencia de sus Datos personales a una organización o país, salvo que existan unos controles adecuados establecidos incluyendo la seguridad de sus datos y otra información personal.
Divulgación de datos
Requisitos legales
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. puede divulgar sus Datos personales de buena fe cuando considere que esta acción es necesaria para lo siguiente:
Cumplir una obligación legal
Proteger y defender los derechos o bienes de Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc.
Prevenir o investigar posibles infracciones en relación con el Servicio
Proteger la seguridad personal de usuarios del Servicio o del público
Protegerse frente a consecuencias legales
Seguridad de los datos
La seguridad de sus datos es importante para nosotros, pero recuerde que ningún método de transmisión por Internet o método de  almacenamiento electrónico resulta 100% seguro. A pesar de que nos esforzamos por utilizar medios comercialmente aceptables para proteger sus Datos personales, no podemos garantizar su seguridad absoluta.
Proveedores de servicios
Podemos contratar a personas físicas y jurídicas terceras para facilitar nuestro Servicio ("Proveedores de servicios"), para que presten el Servicio en nuestro nombre, para que suministren servicios relacionados con el Servicio o para que nos ayuden a analizar cómo se utiliza nuestro Servicio.
Estos terceros tienen acceso a sus Datos personales únicamente para realizar estas tareas en nuestro nombre y están obligados a no divulgarlos ni utilizarlos con ningún otro fin.
Análisis
Podemos utilizar Proveedores de servicios terceros para controlar y analizar el uso de nuestro Servicio.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics es un servicio de analítica web ofrecido por Google que rastrea e informa del tráfico de los sitios web. Google utiliza los datos recopilados para rastrear y controlar el uso de nuestro Servicio. Estos datos son compartidos con otros servicios de Google. Google puede utilizar los datos recopilados para contextualizar y personalizar los anuncios de su propia red de publicidad.
Puede optar por inhabilitar determinadas características de Google Analytics a través de la configuración de su dispositivo móvil, como la configuración de la publicidad en el dispositivo, o siguiendo las instrucciones proporcionadas por Google en su Política de privacidad:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Para más información sobre las prácticas de privacidad de Google, visite la página web de Privacidad y Condiciones de Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Firebase es un servicio de analítica prestado por Google Inc.
Puede optar por inhabilitar determinadas características de Firebase a través de la configuración de su dispositivo móvil, como la configuración de la publicidad en el dispositivo, o siguiendo las instrucciones proporcionadas por Google en su Política de privacidad:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Le recomendamos que revise la política de Google de protección de sus datos:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Para más información sobre el tipo de información que recopila Firebase, visite la página web de Privacidad y condiciones de Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Enlaces a otros sitios
Nuestro Servicio puede contener enlaces a otros sitios no operados por nosotros. Si hace clic en el enlace de un tercero, será dirigido al sitio de ese tercero. Le recomendamos encarecidamente que revise la Política de privacidad de todos los sitios que visite.
No tenemos ningún control ni asumimos responsabilidad alguna con respecto al contenido, las políticas o prácticas de privacidad de sitios o servicios de terceros.
Privacidad del menor
Nuestro servicio no está dirigido a ningún menor de 18 años (en adelante, "Menor").
No recopilamos de forma consciente información personalmente identificable de menores de 18 años. Si es usted un padre/madre o tutor y tiene conocimiento de que su hijo nos ha facilitado Datos personales, contacte con nosotros. Si tenemos conocimiento de que hemos recopilado Datos personales de menores sin verificación del consentimiento parental, tomamos medidas para eliminar esa información de nuestros servidores.
Cambios en esta Política de privacidad
Podemos actualizar nuestra Política de privacidad periódicamente. Le notificaremos cualquier cambio publicando la nueva Política de privacidad en esta página.
Le informaremos a través del e-mail y/o de un aviso destacado sobre nuestro Servicio antes de que el cambio entre en vigor y actualizaremos la «fecha efectiva» en la parte superior de esta Política de privacidad.
Le recomendamos que revise esta Política de privacidad periódicamente para comprobar si se ha introducido algún cambio. Los cambios en esta Política de privacidad entran en vigor cuando se publican en esta página.
Contacte con nosotros
Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre esta Política de privacidad, contacte con nosotros:
Por e-mail: info@chillyroom.com
Politique de Confidentialité
Date de prise d'effet: December 11, 2018
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. ("nous", "notre", "nos") exploite l'application mobile We Happy Restaurant (ci-après désignée par le terme "Service").
Cette page vous explique nos politiques en matière de collecte, d'utilisation et de communication des données à caractère personnel lorsque vous utilisez notre Service ainsi que les choix qui s'offrent à vous en ce qui concerne ces données. Cette politique de confidentialité est gérée par
Privacy Policy Generator
.
Nous utilisons vos données pour fournir et améliorer le Service. En utilisant le Service, vous consentez à la collecte et à l'utilisation d'informations conformément à la présente politique. Sauf définition contraire dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité, les termes utilisés dans la présente Politique de Confidentialité ont la même signification que dans nos Conditions Générales.
Définitions
Service
Par Service on entend l'application mobile We Happy Restaurant exploitée par Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc.
Données à caractère personnel
Données à Caractère Personnel désigne des données concernant un individu vivant qui peut être identifié à partir de ces données (ou à partir de ces données et d'autres informations en notre possession ou susceptibles d'entrer en notre possession).
Données d'Utilisation
Les Données d'Utilisation sont recueillies automatiquement et sont générées soit par l'utilisation du Service, soit par l'infrastructure du Service proprement dite (par exemple, durée de consultation d'une page).
Cookies
Les cookies sont de petits fichiers enregistrés sur votre dispositif (ordinateur ou dispositif mobile).
Collecte et utilisation des données
Nous recueillons plusieurs types de données à différentes fins en vue de vous fournir notre Service et de l'améliorer.
Types de données recueillies
Données à Caractère Personnel
Lorsque vous utilisez notre Service, il est possible que nous vous demandions de nous fournir certaines données personnelles nominatives qui peuvent servir à vous contacter ou à vous identifier ("Données à Caractère Personnel"). Les données personnelles nominatives peuvent comprendre, mais de manière non limitative:
Cookies et Données d'Utilisation
Données d'Utilisation
Lorsque vous accédez au Service au moyen d'un dispositif mobile, il se peut que nous recueillions certaines informations automatiquement, y compris, mais de manière non limitative, le type de dispositif mobile que vous utilisez, l'identifiant unique de votre dispositif mobile, l'adresse IP de votre dispositif mobile, votre système d'exploitation mobile, le type de navigateur Internet mobile que vous utilisez, les identifiants uniques de dispositifs ainsi que d'autres données de diagnostic ("Données d'Utilisation").
Suivi et données de cookies
Nous avons recours à des cookies et à d'autres technologies de suivi similaires pour effectuer un suivi des activités effectuées dans notre Service, et nous conservons certaines informations.
Les cookies sont des fichiers à faible volume de données pouvant comporter un identifiant unique anonyme. Les cookies sont envoyés à votre navigateur depuis un site web et sont stockés sur votre dispositif. D'autres technologies de suivi telles que les pixels, les balises et les scripts sont également utilisées pour recueillir et suivre des informations et afin d'améliorer et d'analyser notre Service.
Vous pouvez demander à votre navigateur de refuser tous les cookies ou de vous avertir lorsqu'un cookie est envoyé. Toutefois, si vous n'acceptez pas les cookies, il se peut que vous ne puissiez pas utiliser certains éléments de notre Service.
Exemples de cookies que nous utilisons :
Cookies de Session.
Nous utilisons des Cookies de Session pour faire fonctionner notre Service.
Cookies de Préférences.
Nous utilisons des Cookies de Préférences pour mémoriser vos préférences et vos différents paramètres.
Cookies de Sécurité.
Nous utilisons des Cookies de Sécurité pour des raisons de sécurité.
Utilisation des données
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. utilise les données recueillies à des fins diverses:
Pour fournir et assurer notre Service
Pour vous faire part des changements apportés à notre Service
Pour vous permettre d'utiliser les fonctions interactives de notre Service quand vous le souhaitez
Pour assurer l'assistance client
Pour recueillir des données précieuses ou d'analyses qui nous permettront d'améliorer notre Service
Pour contrôler l'utilisation de notre Service
Pour détecter, prévenir et régler les problèmes techniques
Transfert des données
Les informations vous concernant, notamment vos Données à Caractère Personnel, peuvent être transférées de votre région, province, pays, ou autre division territoriale vers des ordinateurs – et stockées sur ces derniers – situés à un endroit où la législation relative à la protection des données diffère de celle du territoire où vous résidez.
Si vous résidez hors de/du  et que vous choisissez de nous communiquer des informations, sachez que nous transférons les données, y compris les Données à Caractère Personnel, vers le/la  et que nous les y traitons.
En acceptant la présente Politique de Confidentialité puis en soumettant ces informations, vous consentez à ce transfert.
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. prendra toutes les mesures raisonnablement nécessaires pour faire en sorte que vos données soient traitées de manière sécurisée et conformément à la présente Politique de Confidentialité et vos Données à Caractère Personnel ne seront transférées vers aucune organisation ni aucun pays à moins que des contrôles adéquats ne soient en place, notamment en ce qui concerne la sécurité de vos données et d'autres données personnelles.
Communication de données
Exigences légales
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. peut communiquer vos Données à Caractère Personnel si elle estime de bonne foi que cela est nécessaire pour:
S'acquitter d'une obligation légale
Protéger et défendre les droits ou les biens de Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc.
Prévenir d'éventuels actes répréhensibles ou enquêter sur de tels actes dans le cadre du Service
Assurer la sécurité personnelle des utilisateurs du Service ou du public
Se protéger contre la responsabilité civile
Sécurité des données
La sécurité de vos données nous tient à cœur. Toutefois, n'oubliez pas qu'aucune méthode de transmission de données par Internet ou méthode de stockage électronique n'est sûre à 100 %. Bien que nous nous efforcions d'utiliser des méthodes commercialement acceptables pour protéger vos Données à Caractère Personnel, nous ne pouvons pas leur garantir une sécurité absolue.
Prestataires de services
Nous pouvons faire appel à des sociétés tierces et à des tierces personnes pour faciliter la prestation de notre Service ("Prestataires de Services"), assurer le Service en notre nom, assurer des services liés au Service ou nous aider à analyser la façon dont notre Service est utilisé.
Ces tiers n'ont accès à vos Données à Caractère Personnel que pour effectuer ces tâches en notre nom et il leur est interdit de les communiquer ou de les utiliser à quelle qu'autre fin.
Analyses
Nous pouvons faire appel à des Prestataires de Services tiers pour surveiller et analyser l'utilisation de notre Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics est un service d'analyse web proposé par Google qui assure le suivi du trafic d'un site web et en rend compte. Google utilise les données recueillies pour suivre et surveiller l'utilisation de notre Service. Ces données sont partagées avec d'autres services Google. Google peut utiliser les données recueillies pour contextualiser et personnaliser les annonces de son propre réseau publicitaire.
Vous pouvez refuser certaines fonctionnalités de Google Analytics en utilisant les paramètres de votre dispositif mobile, par exemple ses paramètres publicitaires, ou en suivant les instructions qui figurent dans la politique de confidentialité de Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Pour plus de précisions sur les pratiques de confidentialité de Google, merci de consulter la page web Protection de la vie privée et conditions de Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Firebase est un service d'analyse fourni par Google Inc.
Vous pouvez refuser certaines fonctionnalités de Firebase en utilisant les paramètres de votre dispositif mobile, par exemple ses paramètres publicitaires, ou en suivant les instructions qui figurent dans la politique de confidentialité de Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Nous vous encourageons également à consulter la politique de Google relative à la protection de vos données:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Pour plus de précisions sur le type de données recueillies par Firebase, merci de consulter la page web Protection de la vie privée et conditions de Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Liens pointant vers d'autres sites
Il se peut que notre Service contienne des liens pointant vers d'autres sites que nous n'exploitons pas. Si vous cliquez sur un lien de tiers, vous serez redirigé vers le site de ce tiers. Nous vous recommandons vivement d'examiner la politique de confidentialité de chacun des sites que vous consultez.
Nous n'avons aucun contrôle sur le contenu, les politiques ou pratiques de confidentialité des sites ou services de tiers et déclinons toute responsabilité en ce qui les concerne.
Vie privée des enfants
Notre Service ne s'adresse pas aux personnes de moins de 18 ans ("Enfants").
Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment de données personnelles nominatives auprès de personnes de moins de 18 ans. Si vous êtes un parent ou un tuteur et que vous savez que votre Enfant nous a communiqué des Données à Caractère Personnel, veuillez nous contacter. Si nous apprenons que nous avons recueilli des Données à Caractère Personnel auprès d'enfants sans vérifier s'il y a consentement parental, nous faisons le nécessaire pour supprimer ces informations de nos serveurs.
Modifications de la présente Politique de Confidentialité
Nous nous réservons le droit d'actualiser notre Politique de Confidentialité de temps à autre. Nous vous informerons de toute modification en publiant la nouvelle Politique de Confidentialité sur cette page.
Avant que la modification ne prenne effet, nous vous en informerons par e-mail et/ ou en plaçant un avis bien en vue dans notre Service et nous actualiserons la "date de prise d'effet" qui figure en haut de la présente Politique de Confidentialité.
Nous vous conseillons de consulter la présente Politique de Confidentialité périodiquement pour prendre connaissance de toute modification. Les modifications apportées à la présente Politique de Confidentialité prennent effet lorsqu'elles sont publiées sur cette page.
Nous contacter
Pour toute question relative à la présente Politique de Confidentialité, veuillez nous contacter:
Par courrier électronique: info@chillyroom.com
Datenschutz-Richtlinie
Datum des Inkrafttretens: December 11, 2018
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. ("wir", "uns", "unser" usw.) betreibt die mobile App We Happy Restaurant (nachstehend als "Dienst" bezeichnet).
Diese Seite enthält Informationen zu der Art und Weise, auf welche wir personenbezogene Daten erfassen, nutzen und offenlegen, wenn Sie unseren Dienst nutzen, sowie zu den Optionen, die Ihnen im Zusammenhang mit diesen Daten zur Verfügung stehen. Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie wird von
Privacy Policy Generator
verwaltet.
Wir nutzen Ihre Daten zur Bereitstellung und Verbesserung unseres Dienstes. Durch Inanspruchnahme des Dienstes erklären Sie sich mit der Erfassung und Nutzung von Daten durch uns nach Maßgabe dieser Richtlinie einverstanden. Soweit in dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie nicht jeweils etwas anderes angegeben ist, kommt den in dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie vorkommenden Begriffen jeweils dieselbe Bedeutung zu, die diesen in unseren Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen (Terms and Conditions) zugewiesen wurde.
Begriffsbestimmungen
Dienst
Der Dienst ist die von dem Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. betriebene mobile App We Happy Restaurant
Personenbezogene Daten
Personenbezogene Daten sind Daten, die sich auf eine lebende Person beziehen, welche anhand dieser Daten (bzw. anhand dieser Daten in Kombination mit weiteren Informationen, die sich bereits in unserem Besitz befinden oder mit Wahrscheinlichkeit in unseren Besitz gelangen werden) identifizierbar ist.
Nutzungsdaten
Nutzungsdaten sind Daten, die automatisch im Rahmen der Nutzung des Dienstes oder innerhalb der Dienstinfrastruktur selbst (beispielsweise für die Dauer eines Seitenbesuchs) erfasst werden.
Cookies
Cookies sind kleine Dateien, die auf Ihrem Gerät (Computer oder mobiles Endgerät) gespeichert werden.
Erfassung und Nutzung von Daten
Wir erfassen verschiedene Arten von Daten für eine Reihe von Zwecken, um den Dienst, den wir Ihnen zur Verfügung stellen, zu verbessern.
Arten der erfassten Daten
Personenbezogene Daten
Im Rahmen der Nutzung unseres Dienstes bitten wir Sie gegebenenfalls um die Zurverfügungstellung bestimmter persönlich identifizierbarer Daten, die wir dazu nutzen, um Sie zu kontaktieren oder zu identifizieren ("personenbezogene Daten"). Persönlich identifizierbare Daten umfassen beispielsweise folgende Daten (sind jedoch nicht auf diese beschränkt):
Cookies und Nutzungsdaten
Nutzungsdaten
Wenn Sie auf unseren Dienst mithilfe eines mobilen Endgeräts zugreifen, erfassen wir bestimmte Daten gegebenenfalls automatisch, unter anderem den Typ des von Ihnen genutzten mobilen Endgeräts, Ihre individuelle Geräteidentifikation, die IP-Adresse Ihres mobilen Endgeräts, Ihr mobiles Betriebssystem, den Typ des von Ihnen genutzten mobilen Internetbrowsers, individuelle Geräteidentifikationsmerkmale und weitere Diagnostikdaten ("Nutzungsdaten").
Tracking & Cookies
Wir setzen Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien zur Überwachung der Aktivität innerhalb unseres Dienstes ein und speichern in diesem Zusammenhang bestimmte Daten.
Cookies sind Dateien mit einem geringen Datenumfang, wie zum Beispiel anonyme einzigartige Identifikatoren. Cookies werden von einer Website an Ihren Browser gesendet und auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert. Die sonstigen von uns eingesetzten Tracking-Technologien sind so genannte Beacons, Tags und Scripts und dienen der Erfassung und Nachverfolgung von Daten sowie der Verbesserung und Analyse unseres Dienstes.
Sie können in den Einstellungen Ihres Browsers bestimmen, ob Sie alle Cookies ablehnen oder nur bestimmte Cookies akzeptieren möchten. Falls Sie jedoch die Annahme von Cookies verweigern, können Sie gegebenenfalls Teile unseres Dienstes nicht in Anspruch nehmen.
Beispiele für von uns eingesetzte Cookies:
Sitzungs-Cookies.
Wir setzen Sitzungs-Cookies für den Betrieb unseres Dienstes ein.
Präferenz-Cookies.
Wir setzen Präferenz-Cookies ein, um Ihre Präferenzen und verschiedenen Einstellungen zu speichern.
Sicherheits-Cookies.
Wir setzen Sicherheits-Cookies für Sicherheitszwecke ein.
Datennutzung
Wir bei Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. nutzen die erfassten Daten für verschiedene Zwecke, beispielsweise um:
Ihnen unseren Dienst zur Verfügung zu stellen und diesen aufrecht zu erhalten;
Ihnen Änderungen in Bezug auf unseren Dienst mitzuteilen;
es Ihnen auf Wunsch zu ermöglichen, an den interaktiven Teilen unseres Dienstes teilzunehmen;
Kundendienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen;
Analysedaten und sonstige wertvolle Daten zu erfassen, damit wir unseren Dienst verbessern können;
die Nutzung unseres Dienstes zu überwachen;
technische Probleme zu erkennen, zu vermeiden und zu beheben;
Übertragung von Daten
Ihre Daten, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, können auf Computer übertragen – und auf solchen aufbewahrt – werden, die sich außerhalb Ihres Heimatstaates, Ihrer Heimatprovinz, Ihres Heimatlandes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsordnung befinden und somit Datenschutzgesetzen unterliegen, die sich von den Datenschutzgesetzen in Ihrer Rechtsordnung unterscheiden.
Falls Sie sich außerhalb von  befinden und sich dazu entscheiden, Daten an uns zu übermitteln, müssen Sie zur Kenntnis nehmen, dass wir Ihre Daten, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, nach  übertragen und diese dort verarbeiten.
Ihre Zustimmung zu dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie und eine nachfolgende Übermittlung von Daten Ihrerseits stellt eine Einverständniserklärung Ihrerseits zu der genannten Übertragung dar.
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. wird alle im zumutbaren Rahmen erforderlichen Schritte unternehmen um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Daten auf sichere Weise sowie in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie behandelt werden, und dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht an Organisationen oder in Länder übertragen werden, hinsichtlich welcher keine hinreichenden Kontrollmechanismen in Bezug auf die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten und sonstigen personenbezogenen Informationen vorliegen.
Offenlegung von Daten
Gesetzliche Anforderungen
Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc. kann Ihre personenbezogenen Daten unter Umständen offenlegen, wenn es unter Beachtung der Grundsätze von Treu und Glauben der Ansicht ist, dass dies zur Erreichung der nachfolgenden Zielsetzungen erforderlich ist:
zur Erfüllung einer gesetzlichen Pflicht
zum Schutz und zur Verteidigung der Rechte oder des Eigentums von Shenzhen Liangwu Youxi Keji Inc.
zur Vermeidung oder Untersuchung möglicher Fehlverhaltensweisen in Bezug auf den Dienst
zum Schutz der persönlichen Sicherheit der Nutzer des Dienstes oder der Öffentlichkeit
zur Vermeidung von Haftungsansprüchen
Datensicherheit
Die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten ist uns wichtig. Bitte vergessen Sie jedoch nicht, dass es keine Übertragungsmethoden über das Internet und keine elektronischen Speichermedien gibt, die 100 % sicher sind. Obwohl wir stets bemüht sind, kommerziell annehmbare Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten umzusetzen, können wir eine absolute Sicherheit nicht garantieren.
Leistungsanbieter
Wir beauftragen gegebenenfalls dritte Unternehmen und Einzelpersonen ("Leistungsanbieter") mit Unterstützungsleistungen zum einfacheren Angebot unseres Dienstes, mit der Erbringung von Leistungen in unserem Namen, mit der Erbringung von mit unserem Dienst verbundenen Leistungen oder mit Unterstützungsleistungen zur Analyse der Art und Weise, auf die unser Dienst in Anspruch genommen wird.
Diese Dritten können auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur in dem Umfang Zugriff nehmen, der für die Erfüllung der genannten Aufgaben in unserem Namen erforderlich ist, und dürfen diese für keine sonstigen Zwecke offenlegen oder nutzen.
Analytik
Wir beauftragen gegebenenfalls dritte Leistungsanbieter mit der Überwachung und Analyse der Nutzung unseres Dienstes.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics ist ein von Google angebotener Web-Analytics-Dienst, der Zugriffe auf Websites nachverfolgt und meldet. Google nutzt die gewonnenen Daten zur Nachverfolgung und Überwachung der Nutzung unseres Dienstes. Diese Daten werden mit anderen Google-Diensten geteilt. Google kann die gewonnenen Daten zur Kontextualisierung und Personalisierung der Werbeanzeigen innerhalb seines eigenen Werbenetzwerks nutzen.
Sie können bestimmte Merkmale von Google Analytics deaktivieren, indem Sie die Einstellungen Ihres mobilen Endgeräts (z. B. Werbeeinstellungen) entsprechend ändern oder indem Sie den Anweisungen in der Google-Datenschutz-Richtlinie (Privacy Policy) Folge leisten. Die Google-Datenschutz-Richtlinie ist unter folgendem Link abzurufen:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Weitere Informationen zu den Datenschutzmaßnahmen von Google können Sie auf Googles Webseite zu seinen Datenschutzbestimmungen (Privacy Terms) einsehen:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Firebase ist ein von Google Inc. angebotener Analytik-Dienst.
Sie können bestimmte Merkmale von Firebase deaktivieren, indem Sie die Einstellungen Ihres mobilen Endgeräts (z. B. Werbeeinstellungen) entsprechend ändern oder indem Sie den Anweisungen in der Google-Datenschutz-Richtlinie (Privacy Policy) Folge leisten. Die Google-Datenschutz-Richtlinie ist unter folgendem Link abzurufen:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Bitte lesen Sie sich auch Googles Richtlinie zur sicheren Datenaufbewahrung durch: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
Weitere Informationen zu der Art von Daten, die von Firebase erfasst werden, können Sie auf Googles Webseite zu seinen Datenschutzbestimmungen (Privacy Terms) einsehen:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Links zu anderen Websites
Unser Dienst kann Links zu anderen Websites enthalten, die nicht von uns betrieben werden. Wenn Sie auf einen Drittlink klicken, werden Sie direkt auf die Website des betreffenden Dritten weitergeleitet. Wir empfehlen Ihnen dringend, sich jeweils die Datenschutz-Richtlinien aller von Ihnen besuchten Websites durchzulesen.
Wir haben keine Kontrolle über die Inhalte, Datenschutzvorschriften und -praktiken dritter Websites oder Dienste und übernehmen in diesem Zusammenhang keine Haftung.
Privatsphäre Minderjähriger
Unser Dienst richtet sich nicht an Personen, die das 18. Lebensjahr noch nicht vollendet haben ("minderjährige Personen").
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine persönlich identifizierbaren Daten zu minderjährigen Personen. Falls Sie ein Elternteil oder Vormund sind und es Ihnen bekannt wird, dass eine Ihrer Aufsicht unterstehende minderjährige Person uns personenbezogene Daten übermittelt hat, bitten wir Sie, mit uns Kontakt aufzunehmen. Falls uns bekannt wird, dass wir personenbezogene Daten einer minderjährigen Person ohne elterliche Zustimmung erfasst haben, setzen wir Maßnahmen zur Entfernung dieser Daten von unseren Servern um.
Änderungen dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie
Wir können unsere Datenschutz-Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisieren. Jegliche solcher Änderungen teilen wir Ihnen mit, indem wir die aktualisierte Fassung auf dieser Seite veröffentlichen.
Wir werden Sie vor dem Inkrafttreten der betreffenden Änderung per E-Mail und/oder mittels einer sonstigen sichtbaren Mitteilung innerhalb unseres Dienstes informieren und das "Datum des Inkrafttretens" am Beginn dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie aktualisieren.
Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutz-Richtlinie regelmäßig auf Änderungen hin durchzusehen. Änderungen dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie werden im Zeitpunkt ihrer Veröffentlichung auf dieser Seite wirksam.
Kontaktaufnahme
Falls Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutz-Richtlinie haben, können Sie wie folgt Kontakt zu uns aufnehmen:
Per E-Mail: info@chillyroom.com