Home
help
terms
Terms and conditions
You can find our Privacy Policy
here.
-
Please read these terms of use ("Agreement" or "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the website and services offered by www.supremecommunity.com (“SupremeCommunity”). The Agreement sets out the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the website at www.supremecommunity.com (the "Site") and all services provided by SupremeCommunity on the site.
By using our website you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of our website. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use our website.
General
This site and the mobile app is neither endorsed, nor sponsored by, nor affiliated with Supreme New York / Chapter 4 Corp. SUPREME, SUPREME BOX LOGO and SUPREME NEW YORK are registered trademarks of Chapter 4 Corp. Products and images are used fairly and in good faith and only to describe and refer to goods of a party (Nominative Fair Use). The sites purpose is solely on a community aspect to share and communicate with people sharing the same interests and love for the brand SUPREME. There is no intent to harm any possible market with the community and fan work of SupremeCommunity.
Image Terms of Use
Editors typically include images as part of the site content and the images that they are authorized to use includes the following:
• Images that are licensed from vendors
• Images that are supplied to our editors or released into the public domain by public relations and marketing companies for press or other purposes
• Images that are supplied by readers, with the implied representation that the person submitting the image owns the copyright in the image and the right to give it to us for use on our site
• Images that are published on photo hosting sites or other public photos sites with licenses granted under Creative Commons
• Images that are commissioned by SupremeCommunity
Images that we believe to be covered by the Fair Use Doctrine, such as:
• Thumbnail images of 150 x 150 pixels or less, cropped or reduced in size from the original source
• Images that are used to illustrate a newsworthy story, where the image itself tells a story
• Images that are used for a discussion or followers to share their opinion / voting
• Images that are used for informational purpose for Supreme fans
• Images that are used for historical purpose for Supreme fans
• Images used in a transformative manner, such as parody
• Images that are widely distributed that they have become part of the news
If SupremeCommunity receives any notice that an image is posted inappropriately, such as not keeping in line with the terms listed above, we will address your concerns; we reserve the right to remove that image.
Information published on the website and Links
The information and materials provided on our website are for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice you on which you should rely. We advise you to obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our website. Please note that some of the information is provided by third parties and therefore we do not warrant the accuracy of the information provided.
Links to any third parties websites are only provided for your information only. We do not assume any responsibility or any liability for any information that is published in any of the third parties websites. In addition, we do not make any representation or warranty regarding the quality of any product or service contained at any such website. We are not a party to any transaction you may enter into with third parties, even if you learn about such party by using the link from our website.
All links of any third parties to this website should be approved in writing by us. As a further condition to being permitted to link this site, you agree that we may at any time and without providing any reason, remove the link. In such event, you agree to immediately remove all links to this website and cease using any of our trademarks.
Registration
You may use the Website without registration, but in order to take advantage of some aspects of the Website, you will need to register for an account. Your account is for your sole, personal use, you may not authorize others to use your account, and you may not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity. All registration information about you must be truthful, and you may not use any aliases or other means to mask your true identity. You are responsible for the security of your password and will be solely liable for any use or unauthorized use under such password.
Site Contents
We grant you a limited license to access and use this website for your personal use. This does not include any resale or commercial use of this website or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, or descriptions; any derivative use of this website or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or data gathering and extraction tools.
Except as permitted above, this website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of SupremeCommunity (collectively, referred to as “www.supremecommunity.com”).  You may not use any meta-tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing the SupremeCommunity without the express written consent of SupremeCommunity.
We reserve the right to change any information, features and functions of this website without prior notice. We may refuse service, terminate accounts and/or deny access to any or all parts of this website if you engage in any conduct or activities that we determine, in our sole discretion, violate this Agreement, our rights or the rights of any third party.  Use of the site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose is strictly prohibited.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of this website, you warrant to us that you will not use this website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices.  You may not use this website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair this website or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of this website. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through this website.
User Communication
The Website may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or within a group (collectively, "Communication Services"). You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others
Publish post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Site or another's computer. Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
SupremeCommunity has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, SupremeCommunity reserves the right in its sole discretion to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials at any time, for any reason, without notice to you. SupremeCommunity reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
SupremeCommunity reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in SupremeCommunity sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. SupremeCommunity does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, SupremeCommunity specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
Indemnificaiton
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless SupremeCommunity and its affiliated companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from (i) your access to or use of the Site, (ii) your violation of the Terms, (iii) your use of any products or services purchased or obtained by you in connection with the Site, or (iv) the infringement by you, or any third party using your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. SupremeCommunity reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
Limited warranties
We do not warrant that our website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our website without notice. We will not be held liable due to the fact that our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information published on this website; nor do we commit to ensuring that the material appears on the website is kept up to date. Information and any materials published on the website are provided on the basis of “as is”. We assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this website. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, express or implied warranties and conditions including without limitation warranties of merchantability, any warranties in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of any law or regulation. In addition, and without limitation, we make no warranty or guarantee that this website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free. Accordingly, you understand and agree that if you download or otherwise obtain materials, information, products, software, programs, or services, you do so at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages that may result, including loss of data or damage to your own computer system.
Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted by law, we will not be liable under no circumstances for any loss or damage suffered by you, including any consequential, indirect, direct or special damage (such as but not limited to loss of profits, loss of income, loss of revenue, use, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business, goodwill, loss of commercial opportunities, interruption, loss of information, programs or data), whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connections with: use of, or inability to use of our website, use of or reliance on any content displayed on our website and in general the transfer and communication of information through the internet.
Nothing in these terms of use will: (a) limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence; (b) limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (c) limit or exclude any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law.
Variation
We may revise these terms of use from time to time. Revised terms of use will apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms of use on our website.
Termination
The failure to comply with the terms and conditions set out in in this Terms of Use or any other document published on our website will result in automatic termination of any rights granted to you, without any prior notification.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms of use will be governed by and construed in accordance with International and Switzerland law, and any disputes relating to these terms of use will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Switzerland.
x
Popup is Open
This website uses cookies
This website needs cookies to improve user experience. Click Accept All to give your consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Read more
Show all partners
(856) →
Save & Close
Accept all
Decline all
Show details
Hide details