GOLD TOWN GAMES PRIVACY POLICY
Date of Last Revision: December 2024
The following privacy policy sets out how we use data relating to you and applies to all use of your personal information by Gold Town Games AB company number 559000-7430 (“we”, “us” or “our”). This privacy policy forms a part of and should be read in conjunction with the EULA distributed with the games we publish. This privacy policy (together with the documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us through our games (together the “Service”). Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. This policy does not apply to practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. We will only collect and process information about you in accordance with this privacy policy. By accessing the Service you authorise us to collect, store, access, transfer and use your information as described in this Policy. We may make changes to this Policy in future, which will be posted on this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Where appropriate we may notify you of changes by email or through our games. If you have any concerns over privacy, or this privacy policy contact us at support@goldtowngames.com.
1. PERSONAL DATA WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
1.1 Data you supply (“Submitted Information”) includes:
1.1.1 We will obtain personal data about you (such as your name and email address) whenever you register an account with us.
1.2 Data we collect includes:
1.2.1 We may monitor your use of our Service, including use of our games, through tracking technologies. For example, we may monitor how many times you start the game, the devices you use to access our games, and the actions you take when playing our games (“Analytics”).
2. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
2.1 We will use your personal data for the purposes described to you at the time your data were obtained, and for the following purposes:
2.1.1 Submitted Information: to help us identify you and to open, run and monitor any accounts you hold with us; and to send you information about our games. The Name you have chosen when registered an account will be subject to our storyline within the game. This is the coach name of your team and other player will be able to see this.
2.1.2 Analytics: to understand how, and how often, users play our games, and to help us improve them.
2.1.3 Content Information: to allow you to connect with friends and other users, to share gameplay and other contributions you might make, and to make it easier for you to use the Service, for example by prepopulating forms and user accounts.
2.2 We may associate any category of information with any other category of information and will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this policy for as long as it is combined. We will only use information collected about you in accordance with the GDPR.
3. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
3.1 Our games integrate with Google Firebase, Unity Analytics and AppsFlyer. Analytics data will be processed and tracked by those third party services, and you can find out more about the way they use this information at the following locations: https://analytics.google.com, https://www.appsflyer.com, https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.
3.2 We do not share your personal information such as Email nor Name with any third party service.
3.3 If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
3.4 If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request.
4. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4.1 The data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
4.2 Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
4.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted through our Service; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
4.4 Certain features of our Service enable social networking, messaging, publishing, chat room or forum features or the creation and/ or submission by you of material. Ensure when using these features that you do not submit any personal data that you do not want to be seen, collected or used by other users.
5. YOUR RIGHTS
5.1 If you believe we have information about you that you do not want us to have or that is incorrect please contact us as at support@goldtowngames.com and we shall correct or remove the data as you request as soon as reasonably practicable. If you would like to receive a copy of the information we have about you, you are entitled to do so once a year for free by contacting the same support email. please note that an administration fee of €10 may be applicable if requested more than once a year.
5.2 If you wish to port your information or completely remove it you can request this by contacting support@goldtowngames.com.
5.3 You can opt-out from us collecting your in-game data by using the third party privacy section under settings in the Service. Also if you don’t wish to receive emails from us, you can unsubscribe from this service.
6 Cookies (web only)
6.1 Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a website to a Visitor’s hard disk. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. By continuing to visit the website, you agree to the placement of cookies on your device. You need to accept our cookies, otherwise we cannot guarantee that your experience will be fulfilling. We may also place cookies from third parties for functional purposes. The use of cookies is widespread and benefits the surfer.
THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE/SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may use UXCam, which is an analytics solution. UXCam may record: Screens visited, Interaction patterns (such as screen actions, gestures: taps, scrolls) and Device details (Type, Version, Model, Operating System). We are using the information collected by UXCam to improve our app.
UXCam does not collect personally identifiable information and does not track your browsing habits across apps. For more information see Privacy Policy for Information Collected by the UXCam Service.