Privacy Policy
(Update Date: December 12, 2023)
Welcome to games provided by IM30.
Your information security is very important to us. IM30 commits
          itself to provide a safe game environment for every user. This policy
          is part of the
Terms of Service
, which also means that users who visit this site are also subject to
          these Terms of Service (including but not limited to the limitations
          of liability, dispute resolution, and applicable law provisions).
          Please review and understand all applicable rules and only use IM30
          Products and Services (as defined below) if you agree.
The purpose of the Privacy Policy is to provide our users with a
          clear idea of how we collect, use, share, transmit, and protect their
          information. In short, we will only process the user’s personal
          information according to their consent and/or other legal bases on
          which its personal information is processed.
Introduction
The Privacy Policy applies to products and/or services offered by
          IM30 (Collectively referred to as "Products and Services"). Please carefully read and fully understand the Policy
          before using (including but not limited to, installation, access,
          registration, or otherwise) the Products and Services provided by us.
          Once you use or continue to use our Products and Services, it means
          that you are well-informed and voluntarily and explicitly agree that
          we process your relevant information in accordance with the Privacy
          Policy.
How Do We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
2.1 Providing you with Products and Services
2.1.1 Registration as a user
. Information entered to finish creating an account, for example,
          your username, nickname, profile picture and e-mail address. Web
          browsing does not require such information. If you do not provide this
          information, however, you may not be able to use certain features or
          material receiving services that are available only after
          registration, such as news emails. If you log in to our services using
          social network accounts such as Facebook, Google, and Apple Game
          Center ("Third-Party Platforms"), we will only collect platform tags.
          We will not collect your information on Third-Party Platforms because
          of the privacy settings of Third-Party Platforms. The content you
          enter in the chat room and on the bulletin board of the home page will
          be considered public information. Therefore, users are responsible for
          their own disclosures and should always pay attention to them.
2.1.2
Payment settlement
. Our games support any in-app purchase, and we will collect your
          purchase or transaction records in relation to the services. However,
          we will not deal with any payment made for any in-app purchase and
          access your credit card information. Payment transactions for any
          in-app purchase are typically done at the app store through your App
          Store, Google Play account or third-party platforms. Any post-purchase
          processing is controlled by the Apple and Google stores and other
          payment service providers and is subject to specific service terms of
          such payment service providers. Please review the privacy policies and
          service terms of the Apple and Google stores and other payment service
          providers chosen by you.
2.1.3
Security assurance
. We will use part of your frequently used equipment personal
          information for authentication, security protection, fraud monitoring,
          archiving and backup, and other purposes. For example, the unique
          equipment code is used for security protection and user identification
          and the personal Internet surfing record is used for security
          protection and fraud monitoring. When you use our customer services,
          we may keep information such as your communication/call records and
          contents or contact details in order to contact you or help you solve
          a problem or record a solution to and results of a problem.
2.1.4
Product development and service optimization
. To fix game faults, improve functions, manage advertisements, and
          enhance the experience, information collected by us includes device
          information such as device model, operating system version, and unique
          device identification code, software information such as IP address
          and software version number, and service log information such as game
          fault information.
2.1.5
Advertising and promotion
. Based on the personal information we obtain from you (your email
          address, browsing and search history, device information, order
          information, advertising data, and contact information), our games
          will provide you with personalized content and customize advertising
          based on your choices that better meets your needs when using our
          services.
We have listed the information we collect in the
Personal Information Collection List
here.
We will ask for your explicit consent before using information for a
          purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
2.2 Sensitive personal information and special categories of
          information
Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that
          may endanger personal and property security and easily
result in damage to personal reputation and physical and mental
          health or discriminatory treatment once it is disclosed, illegally
          provided or abused. Special categories of information refer to the
          information specified in Article 9 of the General Data Protection
          Regulation ("GDPR"), such as information on health, race, religion,
          political opinion or philosophical belief, and sexual preference or
          sexual orientation. IM30 does not require users to provide such
          information and reminds users that they should be careful when sharing
          their or others' such information in the service.
2.3 Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we may process some
          necessary personal information without your authorization and consent
          under the following conditions:
a.
if it is directly related to national security and national defense
          security;
b.
if it is directly related to public security, public health and major
          public interests;
c.
if it is directly related to the criminal investigation, prosecution,
          trial, and execution of judgment;
d.
if this information aims to safeguard your or others' personal life,
          property, and other important legitimate rights and interests, but it
          is very difficult to obtain your consent;
e.
if the personal information involved is open to the public on your
          own;
f.
if this information is necessary to sign and fulfil a contract
          according to your requirements;
g.
if your personal information is collected from lawfully and publicly
          disclosed information such as legal news reports, government
          information disclosure, and other channels.
h.
if this information is necessary to maintain the safe and stable
          operation of Products and Services of IM30 such as detecting and
          handling product or service faults; and
i.
other conditions prescribed by laws and regulations.
2.4
Scope of application of the Policy
The Policy applies to all our Products and Services except certain
          specific Products and Services. Specific privacy policies apply to
          these specific Products and Services. Specific privacy policies for
          certain specific Products and Services describe more concretely how we
          collect and use your information in such Products and Services. If
          there is any inconsistency between privacy policies for relevant
          specific Products and Services and the Policy, privacy policies for
          these specific Products and Services prevail.
2.5
Applicable exceptions of the Policy
Our services may include or be linked to social media or other
          services (including websites) provided by third parties. For
          example:
You share our Products and Services, or you access our Products and
            Services using a third-party online service. These functions may
            collect your relevant information (including your log information)
            and install cookies on your computer to run the above-mentioned
            functions properly.
We provide you with links by advertisements or other means of our
            service so that you can access third-party services or websites.
            Such third-party social media or other services may be operated by
            third parties. Your use of such third parties' social media services
            or other services (including any personal information you provide to
            such third parties) is subject to the third parties' terms of
            service and privacy policy (rather than the Policy). You need to
            read their terms carefully. The Policy applies only to the
            information we collect. It does not apply to any services provided
            by third parties or the rules governing the use of information
            provided by third parties. We are not responsible for any third
            party's use of the information provided by you.
How Long Do We Store Your Personal Information
Data we collect will be retained only for so long as reasonably
          necessary for the purposes set out above, unless applicable law
          requires otherwise. If the purpose of collecting information is
          achieved, for example, when the user's account is terminated
          (membership withdrawal, etc.) or when the user withdraws consent to
          the use of personal information, IM30 will immediately destroy the
          collected personal information. Personal information in printed form
          will be shredded and incinerated, and electronic files will be
          destroyed in an irretrievable manner.
How Do We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies
4.1 Cookie
Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers
          and characters. We will store small data files called cookie on your
          computer or mobile device to ensure the normal operation of the
          website and help us identify you as our registered user. We will not
          use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in the Policy. You
          can set managing or deleting cookies based on your preference through
          a browser or otherwise.
4.2 Do Not Track
Many web browsers provide the Do Not Track function that can make a
          Do Not Track request to websites. If the Do Not Track function is
          enabled in your browser, all our sites will respect your choice.
          However, note that this may affect your experience in using the
          Products and Services provided by IM30.
How Do We Share and Transfer Your Personal Information
5.1
Sharing
You understand and agree that we will provide personal information to
          third parties by means of sharing and transfer under the condition of
          ensuring that the data receiver cannot re-identify the personal
          information subject (de-identification).
We may share your personal information with any company,
          organization, or individual other than IM30 under the following
          conditions:
a.
Sharing with express consent: We will share your personal information
          with other parties with your express consent.
b.
We may externally share your personal information in accordance with
          laws and regulations or any mandatory requirements of the competent
          administrative department.
c.
Sharing with our affiliates: Your personal information may be shared
          with affiliates of IM30. We will only share necessary personal
          information and be bound by the purposes stated in the Policy. If
          affiliates want to change the processing purpose of personal
          information, we will ask for your authorization and consent
          again.
d.
Sharing with authorized partners: Some of our services will be
          provided by authorized partners for only the purposes stated in the
          Policy. We may share some of your personal information with our
          partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We
          will share your personal information for only legitimate, rightful,
          necessary, specific, and specific purposes and only share personal
          information required to provide services. Our partners have no right
          to use shared personal information for any other purpose. Currently,
          our authorized partners include the following two types:
a) Authorized partners of advertising and analysis service type.
          Unless we get your permission, we will not share your personal
          identity information (information that is enough to identify you, such
          as a name or email address, through which we can contact you or
          identify you) with partners who provide advertising and analysis
          services.
b) Suppliers, service providers and other partners. We will send
          information to suppliers, service providers and other partners who
          support our business, such as communication service providers who push
          notifications on our behalf. These supports include the provision of
          technical infrastructure services, the analysis of the use method of
          our services, the measurement of the effectiveness of advertisements
          and services, the provision of customer services and payment
          convenience, and other supports for Products and Services of
          IM30.
5.2
Transfer
We will not transfer users' personal information to any unrelated
          company, organization or person except as required by laws and
          regulations of the People's Republic of China and relevant
          jurisdictions. We will continue to protect users' personal information
          in accordance with standards required by laws and regulations or
          require new administrators to continue to do so in accordance with the
          Policy.
We have listed out details on how we share and transfer your personal
          information in the
Personal Information Sharing List
here
.
Your Rights
In accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and practices in
          relevant countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the
          following rights on your personal information:
6.1
Access your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information except for
          exceptions prescribed by laws and regulations.
6.2
Control your personal information
You can query and manage personal information about you under your
          account. The IM30 account name (including the IM30 account number and
          the account number in each game) is your important network
          identification and cannot be changed after registration for the sake
          of security and identification.
6.3
Correct your personal information
You have the right to correct any of your personal information we hold that is inaccurate. If you believe we hold any other personal information about you and that information is inaccurate, please contact us at
kefusupport@im30.net
. 
Upon your request to correct your information, we will correct your information within 30 days from receipt of the request.
6.4
Erase or remove certain personal information
You can delete your account, or remove certain personal information, by logging into your account. For WarZ, Rise of Castles, and Last Shelter, please click “Help” next to the base to contact us. For Last Fortress, please click on the avatar in the upper left corner of the game to contact us. 

If you request deletion, data will be deleted within 30 days after receipt of your request.
6.5
Respond to your above-mentioned request
To ensure security, you may need to provide a written request or
          otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity
          and then process your request. We will reply within a reasonable time
          limit. If you are not satisfied, you can contact the IM30 in-game
          customer service or legal@im30.net. We do not charge any fee in
          principle for your reasonable request, but we will charge a certain
          cost for repeated requests that exceed a reasonable limit. We may
          refuse requests that are repeated for no reason, need excessive
          technical means (for example, needing to develop new systems or
          fundamentally changing the existing practices), pose a risk to others’
          legitimate rights and interests, or are highly impractical (for
          example, involving information that is stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request under the following
          conditions, as required by laws and regulations:
a.
if it is directly related to national security and national defense
          security;
b.
if it is directly related to public security, public health and major
          public interests;
c.
if it is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution,
          trial, and execution of judgment;
d.
if there is sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective
          malicious intent or abuse rights;
e.
if responding to your request will result in serious damage to the
          legitimate rights and interests of you or any other person or
          organization;
f.
if business secrets are involved;
g.
other cases where we have reasonable grounds to refuse.
How Do We Handle Minors' Personal Information
Our products, websites, and services are adult oriented. Minors are
          not allowed to create their own IM30 user accounts without the consent
          of their parents or guardians.
In cases where minors' personal information is collected with the
          consent of their parents or guardians, we will use or publicly
          disclose this information only with the permission of the law, the
          express consent of their parents or guardians or the protection on
          minors.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information
8.1 We take reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal
          information
Our legal team is also responsible for handling matters relating to
          data protection. We have also set up specific processes and security
          procedures for specific user data collection and processing to ensure
          that data storage and usage can meet our expectations and legal and
          regulatory requirements. In addition, we regularly conduct risk
          assessments of security strategies and data protection measures to
          ensure that our products are not threatened by risks such as data
          breaches or privacy violations. But please note that information
          collected by third parties may not have the same security protections
          as information users submit to us, and we are not responsible for
          protecting the security of such information.
8.2 Other security measures that we take to protect
a.
We manage and standardize the storage and use of information by
          establishing a data classification and grading system, a data security
          management standard, and a data security development standard.
b.
We perform comprehensive security control over data through an
          information contact confidentiality agreement and a monitoring and
          auditing mechanism.
c.
We only allow the information to be accessed by IM30 employees who
          need to know about this information and require that all those who may
          have access to your information should fulfil the corresponding
          confidentiality obligations. Failure to fulfil these obligations may
          lead to legal liability or suspension of the employment or cooperative
          relationship with IM30.
d.
We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no
          unrelated personal information is collected. We will retain your
          personal information only for a reasonable period unless it is
          necessary to extend the retention period or unless otherwise permitted
          by law.
e.
The Internet environment is not 100% secure and we will do our best to
          ensure or guarantee the security of any information that you send to
          us. While we take reasonable precautions against possible loss,
          misuse, or unauthorized access, no storage system or transmission of
          data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. If our
          physical, technical, or administrative safeguards are damaged,
          resulting in unauthorized access to, publicly disclosure, tampering,
          or destruction of information and thus damage to your legitimate
          rights and interests, we will be held legally accountable
          accordingly.
f.
Following the unfortunate incident of personal information security,
          we will take the necessary measures to stop the security incident from
          escalating and inform you in the form of push notifications,
          announcements, etc.
Special Sections for Specific Jurisdictions
9.1 EU. If you are located in the EU, the General Data Protection
          Regulation (EU regulation No. (EU) 2016/679) applies to the collection
          and use of your data by IM30.
IM30 is a multinational group incorporated outside the EU. Our
          servers are in the US and your information can be accessed from China,
          where our main place of business locates. Using our service and
          providing information to us means that you confirm and understand that
          your information will be transmitted, stored, and processed on a
          computer located in China in the manner described in the Policy. Do
          not use this service if you object to the transmission or use of
          personal information in the manner described in the Policy.
9.2 Japan. If you are located in Japan, the Personal Information
          Protection Act of Japan applies to the collection and use of your data
          by IM30.
IM30 is a multinational group incorporated outside Japan. Our servers
          are in the US and your information can be accessed from China, where
          our main place of business locates. Using our service and providing
          information to us means that you confirm and understand that your
          information will be transmitted, stored, and processed on a computer
          located in China in the manner described in the Policy. Do not use
          this service if you object to the transmission or use of personal
          information in the manner described in the Policy.
9.3 South Korea. We will remove as soon as possible any information
          that is no longer needed under the purposes stated in the Policy and
          retain your data in the games in accordance with the retention period
          requirements specified in the relevant Korean laws.
a.
The Policy specifies that our Products and Services are only
          applicable to users aged over 14 and that children under the age of 14
          shall not use our services.
b.
To help prevent fraudulent users from using the services and to
          comply with applicable laws, IM30 may retain the information collected
          for the following periods:
a) Records on the conclusion of the contract and the exercise of the
          right of withdrawal: 5 years.
b) Records on payment and provision of goods/services: 5 years.
c) Records on customer complaints or dispute resolution: 3
          years.
d) Proof of all transactions stipulated by the Tax Law based on the
          Framework Law on National Taxation: 5 years.
e) Information related to withholding tax under the Income Tax Act: 5
          years.
f) Request form, consent form and related documents of the user or
          the legal representative of the minor (only if the consent form is
          provided offline): 3 years.
g) Duplicate subscription confirmation information of fraudulent
          users:5 yearsfrom thedateofwithdrawal ofmembership.
In addition, if your information is collected for a specific purpose
          (e.g., promotion or surveys), that information will be destroyed as
          soon as IM30 achieves the purpose for which it was collected.
9.4 United States.
a. Minimum age: The minimum age of users is 13 years old in the
          United States. Therefore, unless otherwise permitted by law, we do not
          intend to collect any personal information of children under the age
          of 13 in the United States without parental consent. If we know that
          children under the age of 13 provide us with personal information, we
          will delete them in accordance with applicable laws.
b. Do Not Track: Some web browsers can send "Do Not Track" signals to
          websites and other online services that communicate with the browsers,
          as described in the above-mentioned section "3. How do we use cookies
          and similar technologies". Currently, no standard specifies how to
          respond when websites and online services receive these signals.
          Currently, we do not take any action to respond to these signals. If
          response standards are established, we may review the Policy to
          respond to these signals.
c. User privacy rights in the state of California (hereinafter
          referred to as "California"):
If you are located in California, IM30 will not share your personal
          information with third parties for the purpose of direct marketing of
          third parties pursuant to the Shine the Light Law of California.
In addition to describing our common practices on data processing as
          completely as possible above, we supplement other practices on
          information collection and sharing under this item pursuant to the
          California Consumer Privacy Act (hereinafter referred to as "CCPA") to
          comply with the CCPA's requirements for information disclosure to
          California residents:
a) In the past 12 months, IM30 collected, used, and shared personal
          information of the types described in the section "How do we collect
          and use your personal information" of the Policy. For example, such
          information may include your identifier such as IP address and mobile
          device identifier, depending on services you use.
b) We do not share information by selling personal information
          pursuant to the state laws.
c) Pursuant to the California laws, we give you the rights stated in
          Item 6 above, i.e. rights to access, control, correct, and delete
          personal information. Please send your request to our in-game customer
          services or to our email at legal@im30.net. Upon receipt of your
          request, we may require you to provide sufficient information to
          confirm your identity and thus verify the request, including
          requesting you to verify information about your use of services.
9.5 Brazilian
a. The Brazilian General Data Protection Act provides you the right
          to:
a) Confirm IM30’s processing of your data;
b) Access your data;
c) Correct your incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated data;
d) Request anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or
          excessive data or of data processed in noncompliance with the
          Brazilian General Data Protection Act;
e) Port your data to other service providers or suppliers of
          products;
f) Delete your personal data when processed with your consent;
g) Obtain information on the public and private entities with whom
          IM30 shared your data;
h) Obtain information on the possibility of not providing consent and
          on the consequences of the denial;
i) Revoke your consent to the processing of your data when we seek
          your consent;
j) Lodge complaints before data protection authorities.
b. Whenever we use your personal information based on your consent,
          you may revoke the consent that you have previously given for the
          collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, subject
          to contractual or legal limitations. To revoke such consent, you may
          terminate your account via our in-game customer service.
c. If you are under the age of 18, you should not use our service for
          any purpose without first obtaining parental/guardian agreement to
          this privacy policy (both for themselves and on your behalf). We do
          not knowingly collect personal information from any children under the
          age of 18 without such consent. Please contact us if you believe we
          have any personal information from any children under the age of 18
          without such parental/guardian consent – we will promptly investigate
          (and remove) such personal information.
BY ACCEPTING THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU EXPRESSLY STATE THAT YOU
          AUTHORIZE US TO COLLECT, USE, STORE, AND PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL
          INFORMATION, INCLUDING, DISCLOSING TO THIRD PARTIES AND TRANSFERRING
          TO COUNTRIES OTHER THAN BRAZIL, TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY THIS PRIVACY
          POLICY.
Possible Changes to The Policy
We may revise this Policy from time to time if it deems necessary or
          appropriate, such as technology enhancements, legal compliance, or
          changes in our business operations. We will not diminish your rights
          under this privacy policy without your express consent. We will
          publish any changes to the Policy on this page.
For major changes, we will also provide more obvious notices. We will
          notify you before such changes take effect by posting the updated
          policy or otherwise in accordance with applicable law. If you do not
          agree to the changed content, you may choose to stop using our
          services. If you continue to use our services, it means that you agree
          to be bound by the amended Policy.
We encourage you to periodically check this Policy to review any
          changes made since your last visit. This will help us better
          understand your relationship with us, including how we process your
          information.
Contact Us
With respect to your personal data, if you have any questions,
          comments, or suggestions on the Policy, contact our in-game customer
          service.
Additionally, if your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed,
          please feel free to email our Data Compliance Protection Department at
legal@im30.net
.
*
Please click
here
to review the Historical Privacy Policy
          Versions.