Privacy Policy
Brief Overview
Here’s a summary of what you can expect to find in our Privacy Policy:
Making your experience personal.
When you create an account or use any one of our applications or sites, the information we collect is for the purpose of offering a more personalized experience.
How we use your data.
The Privacy Policy clearly outlines the types of data we collect from your activity, how we collect your data and how we use that information to enhance your experience with us, our website, apps and service (collectively, the “Service”) and to pursue legitimate interests. We do not share your personally identifiable data with any third-party advertisers, ad networks or other members without your consent.
It’s your experience.
Our Privacy Policy makes it clear what rights you have when using the Service, including accessing, sharing, changing and deleting your personal data. We also address how data collection technologies help provide functionality and insight to help you fully engage with the Service.
Privacy Policy
Last modified on January 14, 2025
Accepting the Terms
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully because it discusses how we will collect, use, share and process your personal information, and by accessing the Service you agree to this Privacy Policy and its terms and consent to having your data transferred to and processed in the United States. Your use of the Service is also governed by our Terms of Service.  Please read those terms carefully as well.
We welcome any questions or comments you may have about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices. If you have any questions or comments, you may contact us at
hello@dwellapp.io.
How We Use Your Information
We use data that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, as follows:
To provide you with the Service, and any other information, products, or services that you request from us;
As described in this Privacy Policy;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service;
To communicate with you about our services;
To improve and personalize our services and measure our performance
To monitory the security of our sites and applications; and
With your consent, to provide you with marketing via telephone, email, SMS or text (including from our corporate family members and third parties).
Your ability to access the Service is not contingent on you providing us with your personal information and you may decline to submit personal information to us, however, that may prohibit us from providing you with certain services and/or functionality.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any email or by sending an email to
hello@dwellapp.io.
Facilitating Your Use of the Service
We use your personal data to authorize your Membership and access to the Service if you are a Member. We also use your personal data to provide certain functionality depending on the functionality you use and choose and the personal data you agree to provide. We use the data that we have about you to provide, improve, and personalize the Service, including with the help of automated technologies discussed in this policy and the inferences that we make from information we collect.
At times we may provide your personal information to third parties that work with us to provide our services or to help them market to you. For example, we provide information to third-party payment processors.
Sharing Your Content with Other Users
We may offer for you to share your uploaded content with other members.  If you upload photo, video or other content to our site or application, we will publish that content on our site and permit our customers to download such content.  Any content that you post must comply with our Terms of Service.
Recommendations
We use the data we have about you and inferences we make from that data to recommend certain content and functionality as well as additional products and services offered through us and our corporate family. For example, based upon content you select, we may suggest additional content downloads to you. We may contact you through push notification, email, or in-app messages to discuss these recommendations, how to use the Service, and other Service news messages. You may unsubscribe to these messages via the unsubscribe link in emails providing these messages. You may also tailor your notification settings in the Service applications.
Service-Related Messages
We may use your information to contact you about account, security, legal and other service-related issues. We will do this through in-app messages, push notifications and/or email. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
Analytics and Performance
We use de-identified and aggregate user data for various purposes, including to market the Service, to improve the features and functionality of the Service and to provide a better overall Service experience.
Polls and Surveys
Polls and surveys are sometimes conducted by us through the Service. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide.
Security and Technical Issues
We use the data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints, legal, security and technical issues concerning the Service. We use your data and communications if we think it is necessary for security purposes or to investigate possible fraud or violations of law or our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and/or attempts to harm others.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Information You Provide to Us
You do not have to become a Service member to use our website. However, membership allows us to tailor the Service to be a more personalized experienced. To become a member, you are required to create an account and provide certain information such as your name and email address, which will be associated with your member account.
Beyond this required information, you have choices about whether to provide additional information to be associated with your member account. We collect personal data from you when you provide, post, or upload it to the Service. You do not have to provide such information; however, if you do not, it may limit our ability to personalize the Service and your ability to use the Service to its fullest extent.
Sensitive Data
By downloading and using the Service or content from the Service, we do not assume that you are of any particular religious denomination or are expressing to us any particular religious belief; we merely assume that you are interested in Christian imagery or content.  We do not require that users provide such beliefs to us or provide any other sensitive data such as race, ethnicity, philosophical beliefs, or physical or mental health to create or maintain a member account. It is your choice whether to provide such sensitive information should it be an option to do so. If you choose to provide any sensitive information, it may be used by us to create a more personalized Service experience like other non-sensitive information you provide. In any event, we will only process sensitive data you provide to us for our legitimate activities on your behalf and will not disclose this information without your express consent. We will maintain your information subject to appropriate safeguards discussed in this policy and otherwise provided by us. Should you have any questions, feel free to contact us at
hello@dwellapp.io.
Use For Other Services
We may combine the information you submit under your account with information you provide us through other of our services and products as well as inferences we make from this information to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of all services and products provided to you by us.
Your Posts and Contributions.
When the Service allows you to provide information, photos or content to be published, distributed, or displayed, we refer to that as “posted,” which can be on public areas of the Service, websites you access through the Service or transmitted to other users of the Service or third parties, all of which we consider to be “User Contributions.”
Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information in a public manner whether through collaborative postings, social media, message boards, uploads as a contributor or other public online forums, this information may be collected and used by others. User Contributions are posted and transmitted at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users or third parties with whom you choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons, nor do we accept any liability associated with your User Contributions.
Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
Service Use. We log usage data when you use the Service, including when you view or click on content, browser type, browser language, perform a search or request, the date and time of your request, install an update, seek new functionality, or use one or more tools offered through the Service. We use log-ins, device information internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, and cookies and similar technologies to identify you and log your use.
Cookies and Other Similar Technologies.
We use cookies and similar technologies (for example, web beacons, pixels, tags and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off, and across the different applications of the Service and devices. Cookies and similar technologies help to facilitate the best possible user experience of the Service as they allow us to recognize you and maintain your user preferences from session to session, help us keep your account safe, and generally improve the functionality of the products and services offered through the Service. They also help us ensure that Member information is used in association with the correct Member account.  Here are some ways we use cookies to help us:
to store content in your account (e.g., s shopping cart) and save searches
to determine how many people use a certain feature or open our emails
to welcome you by name or track your preferences
to detect unauthorized logins
to deliver targeted ads
Although most internet browsers accept cookies and the like by default, you can control these types of technology through your browser settings and similar tools and agree to refuse all cookies altogether. If you refuse to accept cookies and similar technologies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser or smartphone, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Service, prohibiting us from delivering the full capability of the Service and preventing the use of certain features and services that require these technologies.
Any personal information that we collect and store through use of these technologies is first obtained through notice and consent. We will obtain your consent by providing you with transparent notice and use of the technologies and providing you with the opportunity to make a choice to disable these technologies. By choosing to use or services after we notify you in an unambiguous manner, you agree to our use of cookies and similar technologies.
Device ID and Location.
When you access or leave the Service, we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to next. We also get information about your IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, and/or ISP or your mobile carrier. We also receive data from your devices and networks, including location data. If you use the Service from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your device and GPS location based on your phone settings and access you have granted the Service.
We use this information to provide a tailored the Service experience for you and to communicate with you more effectively. The information is also collected to determine the aggregate number of unique devices using the Service and/or parts of the Service, track total usage, and analyze usage data to improve the Service functionality for all members and visitors. We may combine this information with information from third parties to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our service.
We do not share any of your personally identifiable information or your device identification or location without your explicit permission. When required by your device operating system or internet browser, we will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location. However, we may automatically collect certain details of your use of the Service, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the Service. We may collect information about your computer and mobile device and internet connection, including the mobile device’s unique device identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, and mobile network information. If you do not want us to collect this information you should cease use of the Service.
Your Communications Directly To Us.
We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages with us, including when you submit personal information or requests by emailing
hello@dwellapp.io
or through our website. We retain those communications to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve our services.
Personal Information.
We may tie information we do collect automatically as described above to personal information you provide to us to tailor the Service to you and make suggestions about the Service services and functionality as described above. As we improve the Service, this may mean the collection of new data or new ways to use data. Because the Service is dynamic, and we continuously seek to offer new features, we may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we use your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
SMS Policy.
You may opt in to receive SMS communication from Dwell. By doing so, you have provided us with consent to send you text messages regarding Dwell alerts, links, event reminders, and new content. Message frequency varies by preference. Message and data rates may apply. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undeliverable messages. If your phone does not support MMS, you’ll receive SMS instead.
OPT-OUT OR STOP
If you wish to stop receiving text messages from Dwell, reply to any text message from 39383 and in the reply, text STOP. You may also stop text messages by emailing us at help@dwellapp.io.
HELP OR SUPPORT
If at any time you need our contact information on how to stop text messages, reply to any text message from 39383 and in the reply, text HELP. Upon receiving your text message, we will send you a text message with our contact information. In general, the messages we send provide you with information about our upcoming events, new content, and other announcements. Some of the text messages we send may include links to websites. To access these websites, you will need a web browser and internet access.
SUPPORTED CARRIERS
This program is supported by Alltel, AT&T, Boost, Sprint, Verizon Wireless, Virgin Mobile, MetroPCS, T-Mobile and U.S. Cellular. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undeliverable messages. Products and services are compatible with AT&T handsets.
PRIVACY
We respect your privacy and will not distribute your mobile phone number to any third parties.
Third-party Information Collection
This Privacy Policy applies only to sites and apps that are owned and operated by us. Please keep in mind that the Service may contain links to other websites or apps. You are responsible for reviewing the privacy statements and policies of those other websites you choose to link to or from the Service, so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and store your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements, policies or content of other websites or apps, including websites you link to or from the Service. Websites containing co-branding (referencing our name and a third party’s name) contain content delivered by the third party and not us.
We may use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites or third-party sites. For example, we and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our website. Currently, we use Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Facebook Pixel and Intercom API.
We cannot regulate other sites, content, or applications linked or provided from within the Service and our various web sites and services. Some content or applications, including partner offers, on or in the Service may be served by third-parties, including content providers, application providers, analytics companies, your mobile device manufacturer, and your mobile service provider. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) targeted content. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Disclosure of Your Information
Disclosure on Your Behalf
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy to fulfill our obligations under our Terms of Service, the purpose for which you provide it, for any other purpose you request when you provide the information, or for any other purpose for which we have your consent.
Disclosure by You
When you share information through the Service, that information is viewable by you and by anyone else you chose to share it with. If you give access to your account to other applications and services, based on your approval, those services would then have access to your shared information. The use, collection and protection of your data by such third party services is subject to those third parties’ policies.
Internal Disclosure
We will share your personal data internally within the Service to help combine the personal information covered across the different aspects of the Service and our other products and services to help provide services to you in a manner that is personalized and useful to you and others. For example, we can personalize potential services to recommend to you using cookies or similar technologies that track what functionality you have already opted to receive.
Disclosure to Our Service Providers
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use solely to support our mission (such as cloud hosting, maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, communication, and development). For example, some of the Service platforms used to send emails and notifications are built and managed by third parties, so some of your information is sent securely to those services to provide such functionality. They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes.
Legal Process
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of the Service; or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of the Service, our members and/or visitors, personnel, or others. We attempt to notify members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague, or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand.
How long we keep your personal information
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide our Services to you and fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply without our legal or regulatory obligations, we will either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we cannot identify you.
Your Rights to Deleting, Accessing and Correcting Your Information
For personal data that we have about you, you have the following rights:
Deletion. You may ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data. Please note that doing so may limit your ability to use certain functionality of the Service. Please note that an email address is required to have a member account.
Correction/Modification. You may edit some of your personal data through your account or ask us to change, update, or fix your data in certain cases, including if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data. You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (for example, if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (for example, if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data. You can ask us for a copy of your personal data you provided to us.
To make these or any other requests with respect to your personal information, you may send us an e-mail to
hello@dwellapp.io.
We ask that individuals making requests identify themselves and identify the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before we process any requests. We may decline to process requests if we cannot verify the requestor's identity, if we believe the request will jeopardize the privacy of others, if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect, or for a similar legitimate purpose. In any case, where we provide information access, deletion or correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
If you choose to close your account or ask that we modify or delete some or all of your personal information, we will retain your personal data if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our Terms of Use or fulfill any others requests from you (for example, to opt-out of further messages or for a copy of your data).
We will also retain our anonymized aggregate data, including our aggregate count of the number to total Service applications downloaded which would include, for example, the fact of you downloading the Service without maintaining personal information associated with that account.
We have no control of information you have shared with others through the Service after you close your account or asked to delete information or attempted to delete your account yourself. Your information and content you have shared may continue to be displayed in the services of others (for example, search engine results) until they refresh their cache.
Notice to California Residents – California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident and have provided us with personal information, California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the “Act”) and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by the Act, we will provide you with the categories of personally identifiable information that we collect through the Service and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such personally identifiable information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of personally identifiable information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. The Act further requires us to allow you to control who we can and cannot share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request to
hello@dwellapp.io
and include the phrase “California Privacy Request” in the subject line. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what personally identifiable information you do not want us to share with third parties. Please allow thirty (30) days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your personally identifiable information or requesting this notice.
Some internet browsers have “Do Not Track” features.  Most of these features, when turned on, send a signal (“DNT Signal”) to the web sites you visit.  We do not currently respond to DNT Signals.
Security and Protection
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data. These include using encryption for your data while it is being transmitted between your device or browser and our servers. Data provided to us through the Service is also stored in an ISO 27017-certified infrastructure management system, meaning it has been audited and found in compliance with the requirements of the management system standards ISO 27017, an internationally recognized code of practice for information security controls for cloud services.
However, given the nature of communications and information technology, and that the use of the internet has inherent risks, although we regularly monitor for possible vulnerabilities and attack, we cannot warrant or guarantee that information provided to us through the Service or stored in our systems or otherwise will be absolutely free from unauthorized intrusion by others, nor can we warrant or guarantee that such data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
Processing of Data
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (such as providing the Service and functionality you request and acting in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service) and other legitimate interests. Such legitimate interest include protection to you, us and other Members and third parties, to comply with applicable law, to enable and administer our business, to manage corporate transactions, to generally understand and improve our business and user relationships, and to enable us and other users of the Service to connect with you to exchange information, provided that the foregoing adequately protects your rights and freedoms.
Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us at
hello@dwellapp.io.
Users From Outside the United States
The Service is offered in and from Texas within the United States and your use of the Service and this Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Texas. If you are using the Service from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. We may process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. This includes contractual commitments between us and companies transferring personal data that require the protection and security of such data. The data protection and other laws of the State of Texas, the United States, and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Service, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third-parties with whom we share it with as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices. We will post any changes to our Privacy Policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will provide a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated. The date the Privacy Policy was last modified is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Children Under the Age of 16
We do not collect personal information from any person we actually know is under the age of 16 without the consent of the parent or legal guardian of that minor. A parent or guardian may consent to the use of the Service by a minor, which parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor’s use of the Service and assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through the Service. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at
hello@dwellapp.io.
If we learn and have confirmation we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, you may contact us at:
hello@dwellapp.io.
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience and to analyze site traffic. By continuing to use our website, you consent to the use of these cookies.
OK
Learn more