Doctors
Hospitals
Select specialization
Select city
Lahore
Karachi
Islamabad
Rawalpindi
Multan
Faisalabad
Peshawar
Sargodha
Gujranwala
Bahawalpur
All localities
Any
Male
Female
Search by name, locality or gender?
Search
Select City
Lahore
Karachi
Islamabad
Rawalpindi
Multan
Faisalabad
Peshawar
Sargodha
Gujranwala
Bahawalpur
Search
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and we take great care with patient information. This policy will help you understand how we use and protect your data. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us at
privacy@oladoc.com
. Thank you for choosing oladoc.
Effective Date: December 01, 2017
1. Introduction
oladoc.com (“us,” “we,” or “
oladoc”
) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers, visitors, and other users of oladoc.com (the “
Site”
) and related websites, applications, services and mobile applications provided by oladoc and on/in which this Privacy Policy is posted or referenced (collectively, the “
Services”
). We created this Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy”
) to give you confidence as you use the Services and to demonstrate our commitment to the protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other website or digital service that you may be able to access through the Services or any website or digital services of oladoc’s business partners, each of which may have data collection, storage and use practices and policies that may materially differ from this Privacy Policy. Your use of the Services is governed by this Privacy Policy and the Agreement (as the term “Agreement” is defined in our
Terms of Use
). Any capitalized term used but not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning in the Agreement.
BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU CANNOT USE THE SERVICES. IF YOU USE THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF SOMEONE ELSE (SUCH AS YOUR CHILD) OR AN ENTITY (SUCH AS YOUR EMPLOYER), YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED BY SUCH INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY ON SUCH INDIVIDUAL’S OR ENTITY’S BEHALF.
2. Information We Collect
2.1 Personal Information
Some of the Services require us to know more about you so that we can best meet your needs. When you access these Services, we may ask you to voluntarily provide us certain information that personally identifies (or could be used to personally identify) you (“
Personal Information”
). For example, at the time of User’s registration on the Platform, personal information including, but not limited to User’s name, address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, CNIC number, age, user preferences (Registration Information”) maybe collected.
Personal Information includes (but is not limited to) the following categories of information: (1) contact data (such as your email address and phone number); (2) demographic data (such as your gender, your date of birth and your post code); (3) insurance data (such as your insurance carrier, insurance plan, member ID, group ID and payer ID); (4) medical data (such as the doctors, dentists or other healthcare providers (“
Healthcare Providers”
) you have visited, your reasons for visit, your dates of visit, your medical history, and other medical and health information you choose to share with us), and (5) other information that you voluntarily choose to provide to us, including without limitation NIC, unique identifiers such as passwords, and Personal Information in emails or letters that you send to us. You may still access and use some of the Services if you choose not to provide us with any Personal Information, but the features of the Services that require your Personal Information will not be accessible to you.
2.2 Traffic Data
We also may automatically collect certain data when you use the Services, such as (1) IP address; (2) domain server; (3) type of device(s) used to access the Services; (4) web browser(s) used to access the Services; (5) referring webpage or other source through which you accessed the Services; (6) geolocation information; and (7) other statistics and information associated with the interaction between your browser or device and the Services (collectively “
Traffic Data”
). Depending on applicable law, some Traffic Data may be Personal Information.
We may also collect additional information, which may be Personal Information, as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
3. How We Collect Information
We collect information (including Personal Information and Traffic Data) when you use and interact with the Services, and in some cases from third party sources. Such information includes:
When you use the Services’ interactive tools and services, such as searching for Healthcare Providers, searching for available appointments with Healthcare Providers and completing medical history forms (“
Medical History Forms”
) prior to Healthcare Provider appointments;
When you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes through the Services and through responses to surveys, questionnaires and the like;
If you download and install certain applications and software we make available, we may receive and collect information transmitted from your computing device for the purpose of providing you the relevant Services, such as information that lets oladoc know when you are logged on and available to receive update or alert notices;
If you download our mobile application, we may receive information about your location and mobile device;
Through cookies, website analytics services and other tracking technology; and
When you use the “Contact Us” function on the Site, send us an email or otherwise contact us.
4. Use of Information
We use your information, including Personal Information, to provide the Services to you and to help improve them, including to:
provide you with the products, services and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
provide, maintain, administer or expand the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to support, improve or enhance our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
notify you about certain resources or Healthcare Providers we think you may be interested in learning more about;
send you information about oladoc or our products or Services;
contact you when necessary or requested, including to remind you of an upcoming appointment;
customize and tailor your experience of the Services, which may include sending customized messages or showing you Sponsored Results that may be of interest to you based on information collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
send emails and other communications that display content that we think will interest you and according to your preferences;
combine information received from third parties with the information that we have from or about you and use the combined information for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy;
use statistical information that we collect in any way permitted by law, including from third parties in connection with their commercial and marketing efforts; and
prevent, detect and investigate security breaches and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.
We may use information that is neither Personal Information nor PHI (including non-PHI Personal Information that has been de-identified and/or aggregated) to better understand who uses oladoc and how we can deliver a better healthcare experience (for example, testing different kinds of emails has helped us understand when and how patients prefer to get Wellness Reminders for preventive care), or otherwise at our discretion.
5. Disclosure of Information
We may disclose certain information that we collect from you:
We may share your Personal Information with Healthcare Providers with which you choose to schedule through the Services. For example, if you complete a Medical History Form using the Services in advance of an appointment, we may share your Medical History Form with your Healthcare Providers. You also may choose to store but not share your Medical History Form.
We may share your Personal Information with your Healthcare Providers to enable them to refer you to and make appointments with other Healthcare Providers on your behalf or to perform analyses on potential health issues or treatments, provided that you choose to use the applicable Services.
We may share your Personal Information with Healthcare Providers in the event of an emergency.
We do NOT sell email addresses and phone numbers to third parties.
We may share your information with our third-party vendors or our business partners for research or data analytics purposes. Such vendors and business partners may also provide services on our behalf, which may include but not limited an enhanced experience of the website/portal, to provide you an opportunity to participate in various awareness / promotional campaigns, notification services, analytics, customer services, survey providers, payment processing, marketing, and fraud prevention. We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf, including as necessary to operate features of our services. Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their function and are NOT permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose.
We may share Traffic Data with our business partners who perform core operational services (such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, data storage, security, insurance verification, or Website analytics and/or by making certain features available to our users.
For the purposes of determining eligibility and cost-sharing obligations, and otherwise obtaining benefit plan information, we may share with the insurance provider you identify to us (via our business partners) your insurance-related Personal Information.
We also may need to disclose your Personal Information or any other information we collect about you if we determine in good faith that such disclosure is needed to: (1) comply with applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process; (2) protect the rights, property or safety of oladoc or another party; (3) enforce the Agreement or other agreements with you; or (4) respond to claims that any posting or other content violates third-party rights.
We may disclose information that is not Personal Information (including information that has been de-identified and/or aggregated) at our discretion.
We store and process your information on our servers in the United States and Europe. We maintain industry standard backup and archival systems.
7. Public Information
Any information that you may reveal in a review posting or online discussion or forum is intentionally open to the public and is not in any way private. We recommend that you carefully consider whether to disclose any Personal Information in any public posting or forum. What you have written may be seen and/or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict.
8. Storage and Security of Information
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We endeavor to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and in storage. For example, when you enter sensitive information on our Site, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology.
Although we make good faith efforts to store Personal Information in a secure operating environment that is not open to the public, we do not and cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. If we become aware that your Personal Information has been disclosed in a manner not in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the nature and extent of the disclosure (to the extent we know that information) as soon as reasonably possible and as permitted or required by law.
9. Controlling Your Personal Information
If you are a registered user of the Services, you can modify some of the Personal Information you have included in your profile or change your username by logging in and accessing your account. If you wish to close your account, please email us at
support@oladoc.com
. oladoc will delete your account and the related information at your request as soon as reasonably possible. Please note, however, that oladoc reserves the right to retain information from closed accounts, including to comply with law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce the Agreement and take other actions permitted by law.
You must promptly notify us if any of your account data is lost, stolen or used without permission.
10. Information Provided by or on Behalf of Children
The Services are not intended for use by children and children are prohibited from using the Services. oladoc does not knowingly collect any information from children, nor are the Services directed to children.
By accessing, using and/or submitting information to or through the Services, you represent that you are not younger than age 13. If we learn that we have received any information directly from a child under age 13 without his/her parent’s written consent, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child (or his/her parent or legal guardian) to inform the child that he/she cannot use the Services and subsequently we will delete that information.
If you are between age thirteen (13) and the age of majority in your place of residence, you may use the Services only with the consent of or under the supervision of your parent or legal guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor child, you may, in compliance with the Agreement, use the Services on behalf of such minor child. Any information that you provide us while using the Services on behalf of your minor child will be treated as Personal Information as otherwise provided herein.
11. Links to Other Websites
The Services contain links to third party websites with which oladoc has no affiliation. A link to a non-oladoc website does not mean that we endorse that website, the quality or accuracy of information presented on the non-oladoc website or the persons or entities associated with the non-oladoc website. If you decide to visit a third party website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the third party website as applicable and we are not responsible for the policies and practices of the third party website. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your information to others.
12. Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is set forth at the top of this webpage. We will notify you of any material change by posting notice on this webpage. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date constitutes your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. The amended Privacy Policy supersedes all previous versions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO FUTURE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST STOP USING THE SERVICES AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF SUCH CHANGES.
13. Digital Analytics Tools & Software
We use digital analytics tools such as Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel to track website traffic, page views, and other data to better understand the user’s journey on our website and app.
14. Tracking Technologies
We use tracking technologies such as Google Maps API to determine your location and recommend the best doctors near you.
15. Cookies
Cookies are files with data about your preferences stored on them. They are compiled based on your previous visits to the website. We use cookies to give you a better experience and serve you in the best possible way. Keep in mind that you can easily turn off cookies if needed. To do that, go to the privacy and security settings on your browser, for example, Google Chrome, etc, click on “Cookies” and then choose one of the options to block cookies. Turning off cookies will have some drawbacks for instance, you may need to sign in every time you visit the website. In addition, some features may not work. However, you will still be able to book appointments or online video consultations with doctors.
16. Google Ads
Google has given detailed guidelines regarding the use of ads to help promote a pleasant and secure user experience. Though we do not show ads or use Google Adsense on our website at the moment, we may do so in the future following
Google’s Advertising Policies.
17. COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
oladoc strictly abides by the guidelines set by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) managed by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Therefore, we do not intend to market our services to children under the age of 13 years.
18. Email Spam
We do not send spam emails to our users. We only collect emails to keep a record of users and doctors who have signed up on oladoc. You can use your email address to sign up on our platform, and we will get in touch with you via SMS to confirm your registration and future correspondence when you book an appointment through oladoc.
19. Copyright
All the images, content, videos, layout, graphics, articles on oladoc.com, and the oladoc mobile app is the sole property of oladoc. Therefore the unfair usage, or duplication, of such content whether full or partial is prohibited under copyright laws which will be applicable to any individual or organization who illegally uses such content for their personal or financial benefit. All Rights Reserved.
20. Data Theft
The data contained on the oladoc website and the oladoc app belongs exclusively to oladoc and hence not meant to be unfairly used or collected by third parties. oladoc reserves the right to take legal action against any individual, party, or organization found to be engaging in the illegal practice of data theft whether on oladoc.com or the mobile app.
21. Contacts
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@oladoc.com
I'm a User
I'm a Doctor
GET STARTED WITH FACEBOOK
OR
Title
Name
Phone No.
Email
Password
Re-type Password
Gender
Male
Female
By signing up, you agree to oladoc's
Terms of use
and
Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Title
Name
Phone No.
Email
Password
Re-type Password
Specialization
Select specialization
Acupuncturist
Addiction Specialist
Aesthetic Gynecologist
Aesthetic Physician
Alternative Medicine Practitioner
Andrologist
Anesthesiologist
Asthma Specialist
Audiologist
Autism Consultant
Bariatric Surgeon
Bio-resonance Specialist
Breast Surgeon
Burns Specialist
Cancer Surgeon
Cardiac Surgeon
Cardiologist
Cardiothoracic Surgeon
Cardiovascular Surgeon
Child and Adolescent Psychiatrist
Child-Kidney Specialist
Chiropractor
Colorectal Cancer Surgeon
Colorectal Surgeon
Community Medicine
Consultant Physician
Cosmetic Dentist
Cosmetic Surgeon
Cosmetologist
Counselor
Critical Care Physician
Dentist
Dermatologist
Diabetes Counsellor
Diabetologist
Dietitian
Emergency Medicine Specialist
Endocrinologist
Endodontist
Endoscopic Surgeon
Endovascular Surgeon
ENT Specialist
ENT Surgeon
Eye Specialist
Eye Surgeon
Family Physician
Fertility Consultant
Fitness Trainer
Gastroenterologist
General Physician
General Surgeon
Geriatrician
Gynecological Oncologist
Gynecologist
Hair Transplant Surgeon
Hand Elbow Shoulder and Sports Surgeon
Hand Surgeon
Head and Neck Surgeon
Health Checkups
Hematologist
Hepatobiliary and Liver Transplant Surgeon
Hepatologist
Hernia Surgeon
Histopathologist
Homecare Services
Homeopath
Hospice and Palliative Care Doctor
Hypertension Specialist
Immunologist
Implantologist
Infectious Disease Specialist
Internal Medicine Specialist
Interventional Cardiologist
Interventional Radiologist
Kidney Transplant Surgeon
Laparoscopic Surgeon
Laser Specialist
Lifestyle Medicine Physician
Male Sexual Health Specialist
Maternal Fetal Medicine Specialist
Microbiologist
Naturopathic Doctor
Neonatologist
Nephrologist
Neurologist
Neuromusculoskeletal Medicine Doctor
Neuroradiologist
Neurosurgeon
Nuclear Medicine Specialist
Nutritional Psychologist
Nutritionist
Obstetrician
Occupational Therapist
Oncologist
Optometrist
Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeon
Orthodontist
Orthopedic Surgeon
Orthotist and Prosthetist
Pain Management Specialist
Pathologist
Pathology Lab
Pediatric Cardiologist
Pediatric Cardiovascular Surgeon
Pediatric Diabetologist
Pediatric Endocrinologist
Pediatric Gastroenterologist
Pediatric Hematologist
Pediatric Immunologist
Pediatric Nephrologist
Pediatric Neurologist
Pediatric Neurosurgeon
Pediatric Nutritionist
Pediatric Oncologist
Pediatric Ophthalmologist
Pediatric Orthopedic Surgeon
Pediatric Psychologist
Pediatric Radiologist
Pediatric Rheumatologist
Pediatric Surgeon
Pediatric Urologist
Pediatrician
Periodontist
Physiotherapist
Plastic Surgeon
Podiatrist
Preventive Medicine Doctor
Primary Care Physician
Prosthodontist
Psychiatrist
Psychologist
Pulmonologist
Radiation Oncologist
Radiologist
Radiology Lab
Reconstructive Surgeon
Regenerative Medicine
Rehab Medicine
Rehabilitation Specialist
Renal Surgeon
Restorative Dentist
Rheumatologist
Sexologist
Sleep Medicine Doctor
Sonologist
Specialist in Operative Dentistry
Speech and Language Pathologist
Spinal Surgeon
Sports Medicine Specialist
Thoracic Surgeon
Thyroid Surgeon
Uro-Gynecologist
Uro-Oncologist
Urologist
Vascular Surgeon
Vitreo Retina Surgeon
Primary Clinic/Hospital
City
Gender
Male
Female
Education
PMDC Reg. No.
Phone No.
(For Appointment)
Address
Hospital Phone
By signing up, you agree to oladoc's
Terms of use
and
Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Please drop your name and number below. Our Digital Health expert will contact you shortly to schedule a demo.
Please provide a valid phone number.
Get demo
Email
Password
Forgot Password?
Login
Don't have account? Sign Up
Email
Send Request
Remember Password?