English
Español (México)
Français
Deutsch
Português（Brasil）
Italiano
Nederlands
فارسی
日本語
Pioneer Smart Sync
Privacy Policy
Pioneer, together with the Pioneer Group (as defined below under Section 5),
                                            has set its Group Philosophy “Move the Heart and Touch the Soul” and its
                                            Group Vision “Creating the Future of Mobility Experiences,” and offers you
                                            the services provided by the Pioneer Smart Sync App.
This Privacy Policy hereinafter shall be referred to as “
Policy
.” In this
                                            Policy, the following words shall have the following meanings:
━
“
Pioneer Smart Sync
” or (“
PSS
”) is the application for Pioneer’s
                                                        in-vehicle audio product, the Pioneer In Dash Receiver; and
━
“
Service
” is the service provided through use of the PSS
                                                        application and Pioneer’s in-vehicle audio product compatible
                                                        with such application;
This Policy, including “Addendum A”,” explains how the Pioneer Group
                                            collects, uses or shares your personal information and protects your privacy
                                            upon your use of the Services, as well as other related matters.
This Policy applies to the use of the Services only, and not any other
                                            service. If you use any other application or service of the Pioneer Group,
                                            or an application, website or service that contains a hyperlink to another
                                            privacy policy, the hyperlinked privacy policy will apply.
This Policy should be read together with the “Cookie Policy”,
                                            which can be found here:
Cookie Policy
If you do not agree with the content of this Policy, please do not use PSS.
                                            In case of questions or concerns, you can contact us at any time using the
                                            details below.
Please click the following links to see the respective sections of
                                                this Policy.
【index & Link】
Identity of Controllers
Categories of Personal Information, Purposes of Processing and Legal
                                                    Basis
Collection of Information from Third Parties
Use of Online Services and Functions Provided by Third Parties
                                                    (including Amazon Alexa)
Recipients and Sharing of Personal Information
International Data Transfer
Storage of Personal Information and Security Control Measures
Your Rights Regarding the Processing of Your Personal Information
Contact Details and Information
Automated Decision-Making (including profiling)
Information Concerning Children
Amendment to This Privacy Policy
Please click the following links to see the "Addendum A" section of
                                                this Policy as the policy that applies to residents of California and
                                                the United States of America.
【index & Link】
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES PIONEER COLLECT AND FOR WHAT
                                                    PURPOSES?
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
HOW LONG DOES PIONEER RETAIN MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
OPTING OUT OF ADVERTISEMENT DELIVERY
DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
WHAT ARE MY RIGHTS REGARDING MY PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT PIONEER
                                                    MAY HAVE?
HOW DO I EXERCISE MY RIGHTS UNDER THE CCPA?
WHEN WILL I RECEIVE A RESPONSE TO MY PERSONAL INFORMATION REQUEST?
WHAT ABOUT CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE?
WHO DO I CONTACT FOR MORE INFORMATION?
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF NEVADA, VIRGINIA, COLORADO,
                                                    CONNETICUT AND UTAH
1.
Identity of Controllers
As for the Services, the following companies from the Pioneer
                                                        Group process your personal information. The company who
                                                        controls your personal information (“controller”) will differ
                                                        depending on the place where you reside.
(a)
Controller for users who reside outside the EEA
                                                                    (including the UK and Switzerland)
For users who reside
outside the
                                                                                    European Economic Area (“EEA”),
                                                                                    (including the United Kingdom
                                                                                    (“U.K.”) and Switzerland),
Pioneer Corporation processes your
                                                                                personal information as the controller.
PIONEER CORPORATION
                                                                                (“
Pioneer
”)
Bunkyo Green Court, 2-28-8 Honkomagome,
                                                                                Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo
Pioneer is a stock company established
                                                                                under the laws of Japan. The address of
                                                                                its headquarters, the name of its
                                                                                representative and other information can
                                                                                be found at the above links.
The group companies of Pioneer are listed
                                                                                on the following link (in this Policy,
                                                                                Pioneer and its relevant group companies
                                                                                hereinafter referred to as the
                                                                                “
Pioneer Group
”.
Group
                                                                                            Companies
For the processing of personal data by
                                                                                PioneerThis Policy specifically provides
                                                                                for the purposes of processing of
                                                                                personal information and other matters
                                                                                in relation to the Services pursuant to
                                                                                the Privacy Policy established by
                                                                                Pioneer. Please see Pioneer’s Privacy
                                                                                Policy as well.
(b)
Controller in the EEA for residents of the
                                                                        EEA (including the UK and Switzerland)
For users who reside within the
EEA
,
                                                                    Pioneer Europe NV serves as the controller.
Name of company, etc.:
Pioneer Europe NV (a public limited
                                                                                liability company established under the
                                                                                laws of Belgium)
Keetberglaan 1, 9120 Beveren, Belgium
Company
                                                                                            profile
2.
Categories of Personal Information, Purposes of Processing
                                                        and Legal Basis
The subsections below explain what personal information is
                                                        processed by Pioneer and the purposes and legal basis for such
                                                        processing. For the avoidance of doubt, the legal basis for
                                                        processing of personal information stated herein are those under
                                                        the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”)
                                                        and U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 (“
UK GDPR
”).
                                                        In Japan, your personal information is primarily processed based
                                                        on your consent.
(a)
PSS and the Service
When you use the
                                                                Service, Pioneer processes the information categorized
                                                                in (i) below, for the purposes described in (ii) below.
(i)
Categories of information to be collected by
                                                                            Pioneer when you use the Service, and method
                                                                            of collection thereof
When you register an account, Pioneer
                                                                            collects the following personal
                                                                            datainformation concerning you and your
                                                                            account through your direct provision of
                                                                            information as part of the registration
                                                                            process or your linkage of accounts provided
                                                                            by third parties (such as Apple, Google and
                                                                            X),:
1)
your email address, postal
                                                                                        address, phone number, password,
                                                                                        identifiers necessary to provide
                                                                                        you with social logins, and/or
                                                                                        ID key for linking your account
                                                                                        with a third party; and
2)
your name, language, country of
                                                                                        residence and other geographic
                                                                                        and demographic information
                                                                                        (only if you voluntarily
                                                                                        register).
In addition to 1) and 2) above,
                                                                                    Pioneer collects the following
                                                                                    personal data information in the
                                                                                    Service:
3)
information concerning
                                                                                        transmission/receipt of data or
                                                                                        information through Pioneer’s
                                                                                        websites and applications
                                                                                        provided by Pioneer;
4)
individual identification
                                                                                        information concerning each
                                                                                        in-vehicle device (such as
                                                                                        serial number, product model
                                                                                        number, and firmware version of
                                                                                        the in-vehicle device),
5)
information (model name,
                                                                                        operating system and its
                                                                                        version) concerning the smart
                                                                                        device (such as a smartphone or
                                                                                        tablet) that you use;
6)
information (model name and how
                                                                                        it is connected to your
                                                                                        smartphone or tablet) concerning
                                                                                        our products used in connection
                                                                                        with your smartphone or tablet;
7)
information (name, date of
                                                                                        birth, place of residence,
                                                                                        depending on the promotion) to
                                                                                        participate in a promotion on
                                                                                        PSS;
8)
types of applications used
                                                                                        through PSS, application ID, and
                                                                                        the usage status thereof, etc.
                                                                                        (including, but not limited to,
                                                                                        use of applications through PSS
                                                                                        that are provided by third
                                                                                        parties (such as Amazon Alexa),
                                                                                        and access history to other
                                                                                        services provided by third
                                                                                        parties), the operation history
                                                                                        thereof, details of settings you
                                                                                        set, content or sources used and
                                                                                        screens displayed; and
9)
information collected by
                                                                                        website/application analysis
                                                                                        services provided by third
                                                                                        parties set forth in Section 3
                                                                                        below.
(ii)
Pioneer processes the collected information
                                                                            for the purposes and on the basis of the
                                                                            following legal grounds:
1)
providing you with various
                                                                                        functions contained in the
                                                                                        Service (including responding to
                                                                                        your inquiries about various
                                                                                        services as well as your
                                                                                        requests for repair and
                                                                                        after-sale services, processing
                                                                                        various orders, etc. from you,
                                                                                        and performing relevant
                                                                                        obligations), and maintaining
                                                                                        such functions; the legal basis
                                                                                        is the performance of contracts
                                                                                        with you.
2)
maintaining and improving the
                                                                                        safety and security of the
                                                                                        Service, as well as complying
                                                                                        with and performing this Policy
                                                                                        and any applicable laws; the
                                                                                        legal basis therefor is the
                                                                                        compliance with applicable laws
                                                                                        and regulations, and our
                                                                                        legitimate interest in the
                                                                                        provision of high-quality
                                                                                        services in compliance with
                                                                                        various relevant rules.
3)
preparing the profiles of users
                                                                                        of the Service, and providing
                                                                                        you with various functions and
                                                                                        services personalized for users,
                                                                                        and maintaining such functions
                                                                                        and services; the legal basis is
                                                                                        Pioneer’s legitimate interest in
                                                                                        the provision of high-quality
                                                                                        services.
4)
contacting you and providing you
                                                                                        with information (including
                                                                                        personalized promotion,
                                                                                        advertisement, marketing,
                                                                                        marketing surveys and
                                                                                        publication concerning our
                                                                                        products or services); the legal
                                                                                        basis is your consent For the
                                                                                        avoidance of doubt, you may
                                                                                        withdraw such consent at any
                                                                                        time by disabling the relevant
                                                                                        function in the applicable
                                                                                        setting. However, you understand
                                                                                        that such revocation will not
                                                                                        affect the lawful processing we
                                                                                        have carried out based on your
                                                                                        consent until then.
5)
conducting information analysis
                                                                                        for marketing (including
                                                                                        conducting market research,
                                                                                        consumer survey and trend
                                                                                        research, and creating the
                                                                                        anonymized data); the legal
                                                                                        basis is Pioneer’s legitimate
                                                                                        interest in the provision of
                                                                                        high-quality services.
6)
solving operational issues and
                                                                                        problems concerning the Service
                                                                                        or Pioneer’s products related
                                                                                        thereto, including preparing
                                                                                        statistical information; the
                                                                                        legal basis therefor is
                                                                                        Pioneer’s legitimate interest in
                                                                                        obtaining statistical
                                                                                        information for improving our
                                                                                        Services to provide high-quality
                                                                                        services.
7)
planning, development, analysis,
                                                                                        research, study, evaluation,
                                                                                        enhancement and improvement of
                                                                                        Pioneer’s products or services,
                                                                                        including preparation of
                                                                                        statistical information; the
                                                                                        legal basis therefor is
                                                                                        Pioneer’s legitimate interest in
                                                                                        in obtaining information for
                                                                                        improving our Services to
                                                                                        provide high-quality services.
(b)
When you make an inquiry about the Services to
                                                                    Pioneer
When you make an inquiry about
                                                                the Services to Pioneer, Pioneer processes the
                                                                information categorized in (i) below, for the purposes
                                                                described in (ii) below.
(i)
Categories of information to be collected by
                                                                            Pioneer when you make an inquiry to Pioneer,
                                                                            and method of collection thereof
1)
Contact information: When you
                                                                                        make an inquiry about the
                                                                                        Services (whether or not such
                                                                                        inquiry is made by using PSS),
                                                                                        Pioneer collects the details of
                                                                                        the inquiry, as well as
                                                                                        information such as your contact
                                                                                        information (email address,
                                                                                        postal address, phone number);.
2)
In the PSS application, if the
                                                                                        user makes an inquiry, Pioneer
                                                                                        collects information concerning
                                                                                        such user’s smart device (such
                                                                                        as the model’s name, OS and
                                                                                        version) and information
                                                                                        concerning Pioneer’s products
                                                                                        related thereto (such as the
                                                                                        model name and method of
                                                                                        connection with a smart device)
(ii)
Pioneer processes the collected information
                                                                            for the following purposes on the basis of
                                                                            the following legal grounds:
1)
providing you with various
                                                                                        functions contained in the
                                                                                        Services (including responding
                                                                                        to your inquiries about various
                                                                                        services as well as your
                                                                                        requests for repair and
                                                                                        after-sale services, etc., and
                                                                                        performing relevant
                                                                                        obligations), and maintaining
                                                                                        such functions; the legal basis
                                                                                        therefor is the performance of
                                                                                        contracts with you.
2)
maintaining and improving the
                                                                                        safety and security of the
                                                                                        Services, as well as complying
                                                                                        with and performing this Policy
                                                                                        and any applicable laws; the
                                                                                        legal basis therefor is the
                                                                                        compliance with applicable laws
                                                                                        and regulations, and our
                                                                                        legitimate interest in the
                                                                                        provision of high-quality
                                                                                        services in compliance with
                                                                                        various relevant rules.
3)
conducting information analysis
                                                                                        for marketing (including
                                                                                        conducting market research,
                                                                                        consumer survey and trend
                                                                                        research, and creating the
                                                                                        anonymized data); the legal
                                                                                        basis is Pioneer’s legitimate
                                                                                        interest in the provision of
                                                                                        high-quality services.
4)
solving operational issues and
                                                                                        problems concerning the Services
                                                                                        or Pioneer’s products related
                                                                                        thereto, including preparing
                                                                                        statistical information; the
                                                                                        legal basis therefor is
                                                                                        Pioneer’s legitimate interest in
                                                                                        obtaining statistical
                                                                                        information for improving our
                                                                                        Services to provide high-quality
                                                                                        services.
5)
planning, development, analysis,
                                                                                        research, study, evaluation,
                                                                                        enhancement and improvement of
                                                                                        Pioneer’s products or services,
                                                                                        including preparation of
                                                                                        statistical information; the
                                                                                        legal basis therefor is
                                                                                        Pioneer’s legitimate interest
                                                                                        obtaining information for
                                                                                        improving our Services to
                                                                                        provide high-quality services.
3.
Collection of Information from Third Parties
Pioneer collects information concerning your usage status of
                                                        Pioneer’s products, services, websites and applications by using
                                                        website/application analysis services provided by third parties.
                                                        The information to be collected includes information concerning
                                                        your smart device upon access to Pioneer’s server (such as the
                                                        IP address, model and OS of the device, and version of
                                                        application) and your operation history, as well as information
                                                        concerning content used or visited.
4.
Use of Online Services and Functions
                                                        Provided by Third Parties (including Amazon Alexa)
You can use third parties’ linked applications, such as Amazon
                                                        Alexa, through Pioneer’s products and applications including
                                                        PSS. Furthermore, services or websites of mobile applications of
                                                        Pioneer, such as PSS, may be linked to third parties’ online
                                                        services. For example, PSS has link buttons to applications
                                                        including Amazon Alexa.
The services provided by such third-party service providers are
                                                        operated independently from Pioneer. Since such third parties
                                                        collect personal data necessary to provide their services, their
                                                        privacy policies will apply. When using these services, please
                                                        be sure to consult their policies.
Except for the information set forth in Section 2(a), Pioneer
                                                        does not collect any information that you provide through the
                                                        use of such services.
5.
Recipients and Sharing of Personal
                                                        Information
Pioneer shares the information set forth
                                                    in Section 2 with the following recipients, in order to achieve the
                                                    purposes described in Section 2.
(a)
Companies that belong to the Pioneer Group
The group companies of Pioneer arelisted on the
                                                                following link. When Pioneer uses personal information
                                                                jointly with any of the group companies for the purposes
                                                                of processing described in this Policy, Pioneer imposes
                                                                the obligation upon such group company to comply with
                                                                this Policy or protective conditions equivalent to or
                                                                stricter than those set forth herein. Pioneer is
                                                                responsible for such use.
Group
                                                                            Companies
(b)
Service providers
Pioneer may disclose personal information to service
                                                                providers with which Pioneer collaborates, such as
                                                                providers for hosting servers, providers of technical
                                                                support for the system, and providers for management and
                                                                operation of the Services. Furthermore, this may include
                                                                service providers appointed by Pioneer to the extent
                                                                necessary for improvement and research/development of
                                                                Pioneer’s products or services. Service providers are
                                                                obligated to keep your information confidential and
                                                                secure and use the information only for the purposes
                                                                specified by Pioneer.
(c)
Third-party service providers
As described above in Section 4, you can use third
                                                                parties’ linked applications through Pioneer’s
                                                                applications and link the services or websites of mobile
                                                                applications of Pioneer to third parties’ online
                                                                services. Such third-party service providers collect
                                                                your personal information that is necessary for them to
                                                                provide their services.
(d)
Companies with which Pioneer collaborates for developing
                                                                new services, etc.
Pioneer may, in collaboration with other companies,
                                                                develop new products and services, or improve its
                                                                existing products and services. Analysis data of PSS may
                                                                be shared in such collaborative work. Such data will be
                                                                anonymized, or statistics are made thereof by Pioneer.
                                                                Pioneer will not provide those collaborating companies
                                                                with any information that can identify you or your smart
                                                                device.
(e)
Law enforcement agencies, legal proceedings, corporate
                                                                reorganization and other matters
Pioneer may disclose your personal information to law
                                                                enforcement agencies or other information recipients as
                                                                Pioneer reasonably deems appropriate, in the cases
                                                                where: (1) Pioneer is complying or abiding with
                                                                applicable laws and regulations or legal proceedings
                                                                (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) such disclosure
                                                                of information is necessary for defense of rights of
                                                                users, other persons or Pioneer; (3) Pioneer is
                                                                confirming, establishing, exercising or protecting its
                                                                legal rights; or (4) Pioneer has obtained the consent of
                                                                users (which may be revoked at any time by the user
                                                                However, such revocation will not affect the lawful
                                                                processing Pioneer has carried out based on consent
                                                                until then.
(f)
Business transfer and organizational change
Pioneer may disclose personal information in case it
                                                                transfers all or part of its business or assets
                                                                (including by merger, acquisition, joint venture,
                                                                reorganization, company split, dissolution and
                                                                liquidation). Pioneer retains the right to transfer
                                                                personal information in such instances.
6.
International Data Transfer
Pioneer may, in order to provide the Services, transfer your
                                                        personal information to the Pioneer Group’s companies located
                                                        outside the country where you reside, or to recipients listed in
                                                        Sections 4 and 5. Pioneer undertakes the necessary actions to
                                                        ensure an appropriate and adequate level of protection of your
                                                        personal information.
Regardless of the country where you reside, when Pioneer
                                                        transfers personal information from Japan to countries outside
                                                        Japan, Pioneer transfers the same after satisfying the
                                                        requirements stipulated in the Act on the Protection of Personal
                                                        Information of Japan, such as execution of agreements that meet
                                                        the requirements of the said Act.
Pioneer may transfer your information to a destination outside
                                                        the European Economic Area (the EEA), including to Japan, if
                                                        that is appropriate (i) to achieve any of the purposes set out
                                                        under section 2 and/or (ii) to disclose your information to a
                                                        third party in accordance with section 5 of this Policy.
                                                        Personal information concerning users who reside in the European
                                                        Economic Area will be protected by relying on the adequacy
                                                        decision of 23 January 2019, no. 2019/419 between Japan and the
                                                        EU (article 45 GDPR) as long as it is valid. In case the
                                                        adequacy decision does not apply, personal information is
                                                        transferred by entering into standard contractual clauses
                                                        (article 46 (2) GDPR) or by other appropriate safeguards
                                                        provided by the GDPR (chapter V GDPR).
If you have any question about such transfer of personal
                                                        information or wish to obtain a copy of related documents,
                                                        please contact the relevant point of contact stated in Section
                                                        8.
7.
Storage of Personal Information and Security Control
                                                        Measures
(a)
Retention of personal information
Pioneer will not retain your personal data for longer
                                                                    than necessary for the purposes for which it is
                                                                    processed, considering any legal retention
                                                                    obligations. In most cases, the criteria used to
                                                                    determine our retention periods include: (i) the
                                                                    duration of our ongoing relationship with you; (ii)
                                                                    whether there is any legal obligation to which we
                                                                    are subject; and (iii) whether necessary to perform
                                                                    a contract to which you are a party.
Pioneer retains your personal data contained in the
                                                                    server log file for thirty (30) days.
We may keep your data longer in the context of an
                                                                    (imminent) complaint or dispute to defend our
                                                                    interests.
(b)
Security Control Measures
Pioneer takes the necessary security control measures
                                                                    to prevent leakage, etc. of such information, by
                                                                    implementing various information security measures
                                                                    such as development and improvement of the
                                                                    information protection system,
                                                                    educational/awareness-raising activities for
                                                                    employees, management of entrance and exit to and
                                                                    from the area where personal information is
                                                                    processed and control of access to personal
                                                                    information, and introduction of anti-virus
                                                                    software.
Although we take such steps to protect your personal
                                                                    data and privacy, we are unable to guarantee the
                                                                    absolute security of the information.
Moreover, in developing products and services,
                                                                    Pioneer has acquired a certification related to
                                                                    information security from a third-party
                                                                    certification organization (ISO/IEC27001:ISMS) for
                                                                    the relevant departments providing services. This
                                                                    certification means that Pioneer has implemented
                                                                    appropriate security measures and will continuously
                                                                    maintain and improve the information protection
                                                                    system, to their best efforts.
When Pioneer provides personal information
                                                                    concerning the Services to recipients, Pioneer will
                                                                    request such recipients to take appropriate security
                                                                    control measures.
Personal information subject to the Policy is stored
                                                                    in the cloud services of the following service
                                                                    providers. The name of the main service providers,
                                                                    name of their services, country where the personal
                                                                    information is stored, and personal information
                                                                    protection measures taken by such service providers
                                                                    are as follows:
Google LLC / Google Cloud
・
Location of head office: The United States
                                                                            of America
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
                                                                                Mountain View, CA 94043, the United
                                                                                States of America
・
For further information concerning personal
                                                                            information protection measures taken by
                                                                            this service provider, please refer to the
                                                                            following website:
compliance
                                                                                        resource center
・
Country where the server storing personal
                                                                            information is located: Japan (region) and
                                                                            other countries.
Please refer to the following website:
Cloud
                                                                                        location
8.
Your Rights Regarding the Processing of Your Personal
                                                        Information
Depending on the country where you
                                                    reside, you may have certain rights about your personal information.
                                                    Those rights include, but not limited to, the right of access, the
                                                    right to rectification, right to erasure. Pioneer will appropriately
                                                    respond to such requests from you for the exercise of rights in
                                                    accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
(a)
If you reside in the European Economic Area:
If you reside in any country in the EEA, the U.K. or
                                                                Switzerland, under the GDPR, UK GDPR or Swiss Federal
                                                                Act on Data Protection, you have the right to request
                                                                from Pioneer access to, rectification or erasure of, or
                                                                restriction of processing concerning, your personal
                                                                information. Furthermore, you have the right to data
                                                                portability, the right to object to processing of your
                                                                personal information, the right to lodge a complaint
                                                                with a supervisory authority, and request disclosure of
                                                                the basis of the relevant legitimate interests.
You
                                                                also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data
                                                                protection authority of your country.
(b)
If you are a California resident or a resident of any
                                                                other state in the United States of America
If you are a California resident, you may be granted
                                                                various rights concerning your personal information
                                                                under the laws of the State of California. In addition,
                                                                if you are a resident of any other state in the United
                                                                States of America, you may also have similar rights. For
                                                                further details of the privacy right and the procedures
                                                                to exercise such right in the State of California or any
                                                                other state in the United States of America, please see
                                                                Addendum A.
For both items (a) and (b) above, during the relevant procedures,
                                                        we may request you to submit identification documents to verify
                                                        your identity in addition to the information relating to
                                                        Pioneer’s products, etc., or make other similar requests. For
                                                        inquiries concerning your rights and the method to exercise your
                                                        rights, and any other inquiries relating to the Policy, please
                                                        contact:
9.
Contact Details and Information
If you reside in the European Economic Area:
By emailing the EU Data Protection Officer of Pioneer Europe NV
                                                        at:
privacy@pioneer.eu
By letter to: at: Keetberglaan 1, 9120 Beveren, Belgium
If you reside outside the European Economic
                                                        Area:
By emailing Pioneer Corporation Personal Information Secretariat
                                                        at:
legal_compliance@post.pioneer.co.jp
By letter to Pioneer Corporation Personal Information
                                                        Secretariat at:
Bunkyo Green Court, 2-28-8, Honkomagome,
                                                        Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo, 113-0021, Japan
By phone at the number: +81-3-6634-8777
By the contact form on our website:
Inquiry About Personal
                                                                    Information Protection
10.
Automated Decision-Making (including profiling)
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely
                                                        on an algorithm or other automated processing, including
                                                        profiling, that produces legal effects for you or may
                                                        significantly affect you.
11.
Information Concerning Children
The Services to which the Policy applies are intended for use by
                                                        users who are adults or who satisfy the qualifications for
                                                        driving an automobile or the like, such as an age requirement,
                                                        in the countries where they reside. Accordingly, this Policy
                                                        applies to the users who satisfy such qualifications (including
                                                        users who purchase the Product and use PSS to support drivers).
                                                        The Services are not intended for use by children.
Pioneer will not knowingly collect online personal information
                                                        from children under the age of 16.
“
Child/children
” used herein includes children
                                                        under the age of 16. The age requirement to be treated as a
                                                        child may differ depending on the country where the children
                                                        reside. Children may be granted the right to withdraw or revoke
                                                        their consent, or request deletion of their personal
                                                        information, through persons with parental authority, guardians,
                                                        etc. or other lawful agents of the relevant children, under the
                                                        laws and regulations of the relevant country. Please contact the
                                                        relevant point of contact described in Section 8 to exercise
                                                        these rights or make inquiries.
12.
Amendment to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time in
                                                        accordance with the business circumstances of Pioneer. Any
                                                        amendment to this Privacy Policy will be posted or displayed on
                                                        the websites or applications of Pioneer, and become effective on
                                                        the effective date or notification date thereof.
This Policy can be modified e.g. as a result of business
                                                        circumstances or new functionalities on the application that
                                                        require the processing of personal data. We encourage you to
                                                        consult this Policy regularly. Important changes will be
                                                        announced via the websites or via the applications of Pioneer
                                                        and will become effective on the effective data or notification
                                                        date thereof.
Addendum A
This Privacy and Collection Notice for California Residents (this
                                            “Supplementary Notice”) is provided under the California Consumer Privacy
                                            Act (the “CCPA”), as amended by the California Privacy Right Act (the
                                            “CPRA”), and supplements the information described in the PSS Privacy Policy
                                            (this “Notice”).
This Supplementary Notice explains the personal information that Pioneer
                                            Corporation (“Pioneer,” “we” or “us”) collects from California residents
                                            (“you,” “your”) both online and offline, the purposes for such collection,
                                            how we process and retain your personal information, and certain related
                                            rights of California residents and how they may be exercised. Information
                                            that is not considered personal information under the CCPA or is
                                            specifically excluded from its application, such as de-identified or
                                            aggregated information, is not subject to this Supplementary Notice.
1.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES PIONEER COLLECT AND FOR WHAT
                                                        PURPOSES?
Below are the categories of personal information Pioneer
                                                        currently collects and during the 12 months preceding the Last
                                                        Update of this Notice has collected, the categories of sources
                                                        of that information, the business purposes for such collection,
                                                        and whether the information is disclosed to third parties.
Under the CCPA and for purposes of this Supplementary Notice,
                                                        including the following chart, “third party” does not refer to
                                                        our service providers, which use the personal information solely
                                                        to provide us services, such as a company that delivers emails
                                                        to our customers on our behalf and does not use those email
                                                        addresses for other purposes.
We process sensitive personal information (precise geolocation)
                                                        for purposes specified in section 7027 subsection (m) of the
                                                        California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations.
A
B
C
D
Categories of personal information collected by
                                                                    Pioneer and disclosed for a business
                                                                    purpose
Categories of sources from which Pioneer
                                                                    collects that personal information
Business purpose(s) for which Pioneer collects
                                                                    that personal information
Categories of third parties to which Pioneer
                                                                    discloses that personal information
Identifiers such as account ID, password and/or ID key
                                                                for linking your account with a third party.
Directly from you. For example, the information you
                                                                provide when you sign up for PSS or third party platform
                                                                business operators with which the Service can be
                                                                connected, such as Apple, Google and X.
-providing you with various functions contained in
                                                                    the Service (including responding to your inquiries
                                                                    about various services as well as your requests for
                                                                    repair and after-sale services, etc. from you, and
                                                                    performing relevant obligations), and maintaining
                                                                    such functions;
-maintaining and improving the safety and security of
                                                                    the Service, as well as complying with and
                                                                    performing this Policy and any applicable laws;
-preparing the profiles of users of the Service, and
                                                                    providing you with various functions and services
                                                                    personalized for users, and maintaining such
                                                                    functions and services;
-contacting you and providing you with information
                                                                    (including personalized promotion, advertisement,
                                                                    marketing ,marketing surveys and publication
                                                                    concerning our products or services);
-conducting information analysis for marketing
                                                                    (including conducting market research, consumer
                                                                    survey and trend research, and creating the
                                                                    anonymized data);
-solving operational issues and problems concerning
                                                                    the Service or Pioneer’s products related thereto;
                                                                    and
-planning, development, analysis, research, study,
                                                                    evaluation, enhancement and improvement of Pioneer’s
                                                                    products or services
No disclosure to third parties except as required by law
                                                                e.g. to law enforcement agencies judicial institutions
                                                                pursuant to official proceedings pursuant to lawful
                                                                request. Your information may also be shared as part of
                                                                a business transaction involving a relevant party but
                                                                only subject to appropriate and reasonable
                                                                confidentiality and security provisions not less
                                                                stringent than the protections in this Policy.
Your name, language, country of residence and other
                                                                geographic and demographic information (only if you
                                                                voluntarily register)
Commercial Information such as records of Pioneer
                                                                products or services you have purchased or used such as
                                                                information about devices connected to PSS, including,
                                                                but not limited to, serial number, product model number,
                                                                devices’ firmware version, etc. as well as
                                                                communications with Pioneer.
Directly from you or indirectly from you through
                                                                authorized Pioneer dealers, authorized service companies
                                                                or third-party service providers
-contacting you and providing you with information
                                                                    (including personalized promotion, advertisement,
                                                                    marketing , marketing surveys and publication
                                                                    concerning our products or services)
-solving operational issues and problems concerning
                                                                    the Service or Pioneer’s products related thereto;
                                                                    and
-planning, development, analysis, research, study,
                                                                    evaluation, enhancement and improvement of Pioneer’s
                                                                    products or services
Internet or other electronic network activity
                                                                information such as information sent to and from: (i)
                                                                the websites and services linked on PSS; and (ii) the
                                                                PSS application, and information collected by web and
                                                                app analysis services.
Directly from you or indirectly from you through our
                                                                apps and/or websites, or from our service providers
-providing you with various functions contained in
                                                                    the Service (including responding to your inquiries
                                                                    about various services as well as your requests for
                                                                    repair and after-sale services, processing various
                                                                    orders, etc. from you, and performing relevant
                                                                    obligations), and maintaining such functions;
-maintaining and improving the safety and security of
                                                                    the Service, as well as complying with and
                                                                    performing this Policy and any applicable laws;
-preparing the profiles of users of the Service, and
                                                                    providing you with various functions and services
                                                                    personalized for users, and maintaining such
                                                                    functions and services;
-solving operational issues and problems concerning
                                                                    the Service or Pioneer’s products related thereto;
                                                                    and
-planning, development, analysis, research, study,
                                                                    evaluation, enhancement and improvement of Pioneer’s
                                                                    products or services
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information such
                                                                as the audio contents and sources used, and the screens
                                                                displayed on the devices.
Directly from you when you use devices, and if you
                                                                contact Pioneer through Pioneer Customer Service
Inferences drawn from other personal information such as
                                                                a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s
                                                                preferences, characteristics, psychological trends,
                                                                predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence,
                                                                abilities, and aptitudes.
Indirectly from you through our apps and/or websites or
                                                                from our service providers.
-contacting you and providing you with information
                                                                    (including personalized promotion, advertisement,
                                                                    marketing and publication concerning our products or
                                                                    services)
-solving operational issues and problems concerning
                                                                    the Service or Pioneer’s products related thereto;
                                                                    and
-planning, development, analysis, research, study,
                                                                    evaluation, enhancement and improvement of Pioneer’s
                                                                    products or services
Sensitive personal information such as account log-in
                                                                and password necessary to access your PSS account
Directly from you
-providing you with various functions contained in the
                                                                Service (including responding to your inquiries)
2.
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Pioneer does not sell or share your personal information as
                                                        “sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA and the California
                                                        Privacy Rights Act.
“Selling” for this purpose means selling or making available
                                                        personal information to a third party for money or for other
                                                        valuable consideration.
“Sharing” for this purpose means making available personal
                                                        information to a third party for cross-context behavioral
                                                        advertising, which means targeted advertising to a person based
                                                        on the person’s activity across businesses, websites, apps, or
                                                        services.
3.
SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Pioneer collects your personal information directly from you,
                                                        automatically through your browser or smart device, through
                                                        Pioneer’s service providers, or from third parties which you
                                                        instruct to disclose your personal information to Pioneer.
4.
HOW LONG DOES PIONEER RETAIN MY PERSONAL
                                                        INFORMATION?
Your personal information will be retained as long as necessary
                                                        to achieve the purposes for which it was collected and in
                                                        accordance with Pioneer information retention policies.
                                                        Pioneer’s retention policies are generally based on legally
                                                        required retention periods and/or retention periods that Pioneer
                                                        determines are necessary or advisable to operate Pioneer’s
                                                        business.
5.
OPTING OUT OF ADVERTISEMENT DELIVERY
As described in Section 2 above, Pioneer does not engage in
                                                        selling or sharing as defined under the CCPA, but Pioneer
                                                        engages in activities such as advertisement delivery to you
                                                        through service providers. You can allow or refuse the sharing
                                                        of your personal information with the service provision business
                                                        operators for the purpose of targeted advertising by enabling or
                                                        disabling advertising cookies through Pioneer’s cookie manager
                                                        from the “cookie setting” link on each pages of the PSS
                                                        application or Pioneer’s websites. Please refer to the text of
                                                        the Cookie Policy and policies for the relevant products for the
                                                        details of the method to opt out of targeted advertising and
                                                        similar sharing of personal information.
6.
DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
The PSS currently do not recognize automated browser signals
                                                        regarding tracking mechanisms.
7.
WHAT ARE MY RIGHTS REGARDING MY PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT
                                                        PIONEER MAY HAVE?
The CCPA grants to California residents the following specific
                                                        rights relating to their personal information:
(a)
Right to Know About Personal Information Collected,
                                                                Used, Disclosed or Sold
You have the right to request
                                                                that we disclose to you the following information about
                                                                our collection and use of your personal information over
                                                                the last 12 months:
・
The categories of personal information we
                                                                            collected about you;
・
The specific pieces of personal information
                                                                            we collected about you;
・
The categories of sources of the personal
                                                                            information we collected about you;
・
Our business purpose for collecting your
                                                                            personal information;
・
The categories of personal information we
                                                                            disclose for a business purpose; and
・
The categories of third parties to whom we
                                                                            disclose your personal information.
(b)
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete all or
                                                                    selected personal information that we have collected
                                                                    from you and retained. Upon receipt of a verifiable
                                                                    personal information request and confirmation from
                                                                    you of that request, Pioneer will delete the
                                                                    personal information from our records and notify our
                                                                    service providers to do the same except where we
                                                                    rely on one or more exceptions discussed below. Your
                                                                    personal information may reside in our backup
                                                                    systems for a limited time until overwritten as part
                                                                    of the backup process and we may maintain a record
                                                                    of your request and our response for compliance
                                                                    purposes.
Under the CCPA, there are certain exceptions to our
                                                                    obligation to comply with your deletion request. For
                                                                    example, we may deny your deletion request if
                                                                    retaining the information is necessary for us or our
                                                                    service provider(s) to:
・
Complete the transaction for which we
                                                                            collected your personal information, fulfill
                                                                            the terms of a written warranty or product
                                                                            recall conducted in accordance with federal
                                                                            law, provide a good or service that you
                                                                            requested, take actions reasonably
                                                                            anticipated within the context of our
                                                                            ongoing business relationship with you or
                                                                            otherwise to perform our contract with you;
・
Help to ensure security and integrity to the
                                                                            extent the use of your personal information
                                                                            is reasonably necessary and proportionate
                                                                            for those purposes;
・
Debug our products and software to identify
                                                                            and repair errors that impair existing
                                                                            intended functionality;
・
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of
                                                                            another consumer to exercise their free
                                                                            speech rights or exercise another right
                                                                            provided for by law;
・
Comply with the California Electronic
                                                                            Communications Privacy Act;
・
Enable solely internal uses that are
                                                                            reasonably aligned with consumer
                                                                            expectations based on your relationship with
                                                                            us; or
・
Comply with a legal obligation.
(c)
Correction Request Rights
You have the right to
                                                                request that we correct inaccurate personal information
                                                                we maintain about you.
(d)
Non-Discrimination Rights
You have the right not to be discriminated against as
                                                                    a result of exercising any of your rights listed
                                                                    above. This means that Pioneer will not discriminate
                                                                    against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights,
                                                                    including by:
・
Denying you goods or services;
・
Charging you a different price for goods or
                                                                            services, including through granting
                                                                            discounts or other benefits, or imposing
                                                                            penalties on you;
・
Providing you a different level or quality
                                                                            of product or services; or
・
Suggesting that you may receive a different
                                                                            price or rate for products or services or a
                                                                            different level or quality of products or
                                                                            services.
8.
HOW DO I EXERCISE MY RIGHTS UNDER THE CCPA?
Pioneer provides the following methods by which California
                                                        residents can exercise their rights under the CCPA:
In addition, You can delete your account from “Account Settings”
                                                        screen after logging into PSS. In such case, Pioneer will delete
                                                        information that can be used to identify you from the
                                                        information retained by Pioneer, but will not delete other
                                                        information that does not constitute personal
                                                        informationpersonal data.
Only California residents, or an agent authorized to act on
                                                        behalf of a California resident, may submit a personal
                                                        information request (“PIR”) related to their personal
                                                        information. Guardians of California residents who are minors
                                                        are also entitled to submit a PIR on behalf of their minor
                                                        children. If an authorized agent is submitting a PIR on behalf
                                                        of a California resident, we will require (i) a valid,
                                                        California power of attorney evidencing such agency or (ii)
                                                        evidence of written permission from the California resident,
                                                        certified under penalty of perjury, for the agent to act on
                                                        behalf of the California resident.
We are not obligated to fulfill more than two requests to know
                                                        about your personal information during any 12-month period. The
                                                        PIR must provide sufficient information to allow us to verify
                                                        that the person submitting the PIR (or for whom an authorized
                                                        agent submits a PIR) is the person about whom the personal
                                                        information is requested. The PIR will ask for your name,
                                                        mailing address, phone number and email address, together with a
                                                        certification under penalty of perjury that the information
                                                        submitted is true and is your own identifying information. Our
                                                        verification process generally involves the matching of three
                                                        pieces of identifying information provided in the PIR to the
                                                        personal information of the consumer already maintained by us,
                                                        but may vary depending on the sensitivity of the personal
                                                        information at issue and other circumstances. If you submitted
                                                        your PIR online and you indicated on your PIR form that you want
                                                        your personal information deleted, we will ask you separately to
                                                        confirm your decision to delete before we delete the personal
                                                        information.
We will be unable to fulfill a PIR unless we can verify your
                                                        identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the
                                                        personal information relates to you. If we cannot verify your
                                                        request from your PIR, we may request that you supply us with
                                                        additional information that will allow us to verify your
                                                        request. If your PIR is denied/rejected, we will inform you in
                                                        writing of the reason. We will use personal information provided
                                                        in a verified PIR only to process and respond to the PIR and for
                                                        no other purpose.
9.
WHEN WILL I RECEIVE A RESPONSE TO MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
                                                        REQUEST?
We will generally respond within 45 days following our receipt of
                                                        a verifiable PIR. If we require more time to respond (up to 90
                                                        days in total following receipt), we will inform you in writing
                                                        of the reason and the extension period within the first 45 days.
We will respond to your PIR in the same format in which you
                                                        submitted it. For example, PIR’s submitted to us via postal
                                                        service will be responded to via postal service. PIRs submitted
                                                        electronically will be responded to electronically and in a
                                                        format that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit
                                                        the information from one entity to another entity without
                                                        hindrance, including via email.
We will not charge you a fee to process or respond to PIRs,
                                                        except we may where requests are excessive or manifestly
                                                        unfounded.
10.
WHAT ABOUT CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE?
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy and Collection Notice
                                                        for California Residents at any time. When we make changes, we
                                                        will post the updated Notice on our websites, including the date
                                                        of its last update.
11.
WHO DO I CONTACT FOR MORE INFORMATION?
If you have questions about this Notice, other questions about
                                                        our personal information collection practices, or about our
                                                        Privacy Policy, please contact us:
・
Via email to: at:
legal_compliance@post.pioneer.co.jp
・
Via mail to: Bunkyo Green Court, 2-28-8, Honkomagome,
                                                                Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo, 113-0021, Japan
12.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF NEVADA, VIRGINIA,
                                                        COLORADO, CONNECTICUT AND UTAH
This section supplements the information in all clauses above,
                                                        and applies only to the consumers who are residents of Nevada,
                                                        Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut or Utah.
                                                        This section is added to comply with the Nevada Privacy Law
                                                        (SB260) (that came into force on October 1, 2021) (“NPL”),
                                                        Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (that came into force on
                                                        January 1, 2023) (“VCDPA”), Connecticut Act Concerning Personal
                                                        Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (that came into force on July
                                                        1, 2023) (“CTDPA”), Colorado Privacy Act (that came into force
                                                        on July 1, 2023) (“CPA”), and Utah Consumer Privacy Act (that
                                                        came into force on December 31, 2023) (“UCPA”).
All terms defined in the privacy laws of these states
                                                        (separately, “State Privacy Law” and collectively, “State
                                                        Privacy Laws”) shall have the same meaning when used in this
                                                        Supplementary Notice.
(1)
The categories of personal data to be processed by Pioneer and the purposes of such processing, the categories of personal data that Pioneer will share with third parties, and the categories of such third parties:
As Described in Section 1 (WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES PIONEER COLLECT AND FOR WHAT PURPOSES?)
(2)
The method to exercise your rights under the relevant State Privacy Law (including the method to lodge a complaint about Pioneer’s decision regarding your request):
You have all or part of the rights described below or rights similar thereto under the applicable State Privacy Law and in accordance with the definitions and restrictions of such Law, on and after the effective date thereof.
(a)
Right to confirm whether or not Pioneer processes your personal data, and right to access such personal data;
(b)
Right to rectify inaccurate matters in your personal data;
(c)
Right to delete personal data provided by or collected from you;
(d)
Right to acquire a copy of personal data provided by you to the Pioneer Group prior to this Notice in a portable and readily available format;
(e)
Right to opt out of processing of your personal data for selling of such personal data or targeted advertising; and
(f)
Right to opt out of profiling that encourages decision-making that has legal or other similarly significant effects on you.
You can exercise the rights described in (a) to (f) above in the same manner as with the information for California residents stipulated in Addendum A.
In the case that Pioneer does not accept any request from you made based on the above-described rights, Pioneer will notify you of the reason therefor. You may lodge a complaint about Pioneer’s decision. Pioneer will inform you how to lodge such complaint, if you make an inquiry to the relevant point of contact described in Section 11 (WHO DO I CONTACT FOR MORE INFORMATION?) above in the information for California residents.
End.
* Trademarks, etc.
The names and logos used in this website or applications may be used as trademarks belonging to other companies.
Revision History:
Prepared on [1/1/2020]
Revised on [28/1/2025]