Sportity App Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law, EU GDPR and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our App.
What personal information do we collect from the people that use our App?
No PII is being collected from users of our App. Service provider collects only basic device identification data to be able sending push notifications and analyze user activity to provide better end-user experience. Collected data, such as device UID, IP Address and Device Name is not being treated as PII on following reasons: Device UID and Name does not correspond to a Person but to device itself, as we don’t require users to authenticate with personalized credentials device data stays as impersonalized information; IP address is not considered as PII due to its dynamic nature.
This product is not using any advertisement or user analytics technology either than regular access logs.
When do we collect information?
Above mentioned information is being collected while you use our App.
How do we use your information?
We use this information to provide you push notification functionality, meaning that you will be notified upon receiving new information within the app. Additionally we analyze activity of connections between your device and our services in order to deliver better availability and usability of our product.
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all information you supply is being transferred via encrypted Secure Socket Layer / Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) channel.
Service provides follows best practices for configuration and maintenance of our services.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use any cookies for tracking purposes.
You can choose to have your device warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser/device settings. Since browsers/devices are a little different, look at your browser's/device’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly, that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our App. Any external links published within App are associated either with the Local Organizing Committee (LOC) of the event. Please refer to Privacy policy of those online resources for more information about PII protection.
Google
Google LLC and Alphabet INC are considered as technology partners. Service provider is using Google Cloud infrastructure to host its services. All information in cloud is hosted on private and encrypted volumes making it accessible to authorized personnel only.
Google Android API is being used to transport push notifications to the end-user’s device only. Android version of App is being distributed via Google “
Play Store
”. Please refer to app distribution service provider (Google) Privacy Policy to get information about “
Play Store
” practices.
Apple
Apple iOS API is being used to transport push notifications to end-user’s device only. iOS version of App is being distributed via Apple “
App Store
”. Please refer to app distribution service provider (Apple) Privacy Policy to get information about “
App Store
” practices.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates web-based service collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its resource stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our resource anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our product description within the App distribution service provider.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. Moreover, we do not identify or track age of our users.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you within 7 business days.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We do not collect nor distribute information to our App users via e-mail.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future notifications, you can
log out from the application via “log-out” icon on the top-right corner of the Application screen.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Service Provider:
Sportity OÜ (EE)
Paasukese 13
Tabasalu, Harjumaa 76911
Estonia
info@sportity.com
www.sportity.com
Data Protection Officer (DPO):
Mr. Margus Hernits
dpo@sportity.com