Privacy Policy
Taras Kalkovets, FOP., and its affiliates (“us”, “our” or “we”) are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users”, “your”, or “you”). This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with our application – Addicted provided on other websites or other third party sources (collectively, the “Services”). Personal information can include, for example, an individual’s first and last name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or credit card number. Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to information collected or received by Taras Kalkovets through your use of the Services. Taras Kalkovets is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT DOWNLOAD , INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. We may update this Policy from time to time. You are responsible for periodically reading this Policy. We will post all changes to this Policy on this page and the modified policy will specify its effective date. You will be deemed to have accepted such changes to this Policy by continuing to use the Services.
iOS or Android Platforms
When you use any of the our games or applications, we may automatically collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID, MAC address, advertising identifier, Android Advertising ID, OpenUDID, IMEI number, hardware type, the version of your operating system (“OS”), your in-game activity, and your location (based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends. It may also be used to contact you with in-game technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Taras Kalkovets, FOP may use country information to customize the user experience and promotions, enforce our terms of service, and make recommendations about user connections.
We may also give users the opportunity to opt-in to location-based services, which rely upon a device’s GPS coordinates. You may opt-out of these location services via the settings on your device. A user’s location may be used to analyze usage trends or target certain promotions.
Google Server
Google is our application engine service provider. Any information provided through our applications is available to Google as part of Google providing this service.
Platforms/Third-Party MarketplacesIn the course of providing our Services on third party platforms/marketplaces, such as Apple’s App Store, the platforms/marketplaces may collect information about you or receive information from us in order for the platforms/marketplaces to provide or analyze their services. You acknowledge that these platforms/marketplaces were developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by Taras Kalkovets, FOP and that the company is not responsible for the actions of those people or companies. You should carefully review the terms of service and privacy policies of the platforms/third-party marketplaces that you use to access our Services.
Website
When you visit our Site, your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically. We may also collect information about your usage and activity, such as number of clicks, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. We may use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Services.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit, such as your preferences or a username and password. The Services sends cookies to your computer when you access or view content of Addicted Chat Stories app. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Services easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Services.
We may feature advertisements served by third party advertising companies which deliver cookies to your computer so the ads you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies tag your computer with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Services in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Web Beacons
We may collect information using Web beacons. Web beacons or “gifs”, are electronic images that may be used on our Site or in our emails. We may use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
Information for Opting-Out of Cookies and Web Beacons
You may click on the following link:
http://www.networkadvertising.org
(or such other URL as may be specified by us from time to time) for information on how to opt-out of the use of cookies or Web beacons.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
The company does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies.
We may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf, including, without limitation, sending e-mails to you and analyzing data.
We may release your information as permitted by law or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
We may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Third Party Tools/Analytics
The Services may also contain third party tracking tools from third party service providers, which may enable these third parties to analyze our users’ information. These third parties may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for Taras Kalkovets.
Advertisements
You may see our games advertised in other applications or websites. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of the Services. A device identifier and in-game or user session activity may be shared with the advertiser.
In addition, we may have advertisements in its games regarding other applications or services that are served by third parties. These third parties may collect and use information about you, including platform, application and OS version, device identifiers, Media Access Control (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), Services user session activity, device usage information and general location information, such as locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), mobile network code/mobile country code, and time zone, to show advertising of interest to you. For example, Facebook serves advertising in certain of our applications and may target such advertisements based on information Facebook has collected from you. You can opt-out of such targeted advertisements by using Apple’s “Limit Ad Tracking” setting described here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
. Certain ads are displayed in our games that are served by partners such as Facebook, Applovin and AdMob and which may target users based on certain information that such third party has obtained regarding users. You can opt out of Facebook targeted advertising by visiting
https://www.facebook.com/help/publisher/1415256572060999
, opt out of Flurry targeted advertising by visiting
http://www.flurry.com/user-opt-out.html
, opt out of Applovin targeted advertising by following the instructions at
https://www.applovin.com/optout
, and opt out of AdMob targeted advertising by following the instructions available here
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=en,
opt out of Mopub
https://www.mopub.com/optout
. Such third parties serving advertisements may also collect information related to the performance of the advertisements such as how many times an advertisement is shown, how long an advertisement is viewed, and any click-throughs of an advertisement.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may contact us regarding any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy by contacting us at
this page.
. If you completely delete all of your information, your account may become deactivated. You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
Under California law, California Residents who have an established business relationship with us may choose to opt out of the disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval. If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval,
https://addictedchat.wordpress.com/contact/
.
International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
https://addictedchat.wordpress.com/contact/
.