Skip to content
Oh no! The page you're looking for is no longer here.
Use the top navigation bar to find a real page, or try searching the website:
Search
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://hashtagopen.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 18th, 2024
Introduction
Open App, LLC is the owner and operator of www.hashtagopen.com, our #open mobile application, and all affiliated websites and other mobile versions (“#open” or we, us, our, ours, etc.). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”). This Policy describes the types of personal information we may collect from you, the user, (you, your, yours, etc.) or that you may provide to us when you use the services offered by us on #open (the “Services”), and our practices for collecting, using, keeping, protecting, and disclosing your personal information.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with this Policy, your sole choice is to leave #open. By accessing or using #open, you agree to this Policy and consent to our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your information as described in this Policy.
We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Policy at any time and in any manner. We will consider your continued use of #open after we make changes to this Policy as your acceptance of the changes, so you must periodically revisit this Policy and check the “Last Updated” date above. If changed, this Policy has been updated or edited, and the updated or edited version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon posting.
1. How old do you have to be to use the Services?
We prohibit anyone under the age of eighteen (18) from accessing #open or using the Services. We do not knowingly market to or collect or solicit any information from or about anyone under the age of eighteen (18). If you are under the age of eighteen (18), you must not submit information to us and must immediately leave #open. If we learn that we have collected information from or about a person under the age of eighteen (18), we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have such information, please contact us at support@hashtagopen.com.
2. What types of information do we collect about you?
We may collect several types of “personal information” from and about users of #open, including any information that personally identifies you or that could be reasonably linked to you or your household, including your name; alias; username or other unique personal identifier, password, and security questions and answers; email address; IP address and other Internet network activity information such as browsing history, search history, and online interactions; geolocation data; telephone number; and order history. However, this Policy does not apply to personal information that has been de-identified or that is otherwise publicly available.
3. How do we collect your personal information?
We collect your personal information directly from you when you provide it to us, such as through:
● The account registration process;
● Your profile information or other posts;
● Your purchases and other financial transactions;
● Your search queries;
● Your linked social media accounts;
● Your responses to any surveys we ask you to complete;
● Your other communications and interactions with us, whether by contact form, phone, mail, email, text, or other means, including on third-party social media platforms; and
● Our technologies, including our servers, log files, cookies, pixel tags, and analytics services.
We also collect your personal information automatically from your computer device or mobile phone and through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
This Policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, or by any third party that is linked to or accessible through #open.
4. Do third parties collect my personal information on #open?
Third parties including users, advertisers, content or application providers, and third-party plug-ins may provide materials to #open which use cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies to collect your personal information, including information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. Those third parties may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control third-party tracking technologies or how third parties use them. Your use of third-party plug-ins are governed by the user terms and privacy policy of the third party that provided that plug-in. If you have any questions about an advertisement or plug-in, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Please be aware that we do not operate, control, or endorse third-party websites that may be linked on #open, nor are we responsible for the content or privacy practices of third-party websites. We disclaim any responsibility for your personal information on third-party websites, and we do not make any warranties or representations that any third-party website (or even #open) will function without error or interruption, that defects will be corrected, or that any third-party websites or their servers are free of viruses or other problems that may harm your computer. We encourage you to be aware when you leave #open and to read the privacy policies of any third-party website that collects your personal information.
5. How do we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information:
● To provide you with access to #open and use of the Services;
● To speed up the Services, such as by automatically updating your account information;
● To recognize you when you return to the Services;
● To personalize the Services according to your preferences and individual interests;
● To notify you about changes to the Services and our policies;
● To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts between you and us, including this Policy and our Terms of Service;
● To monitor and analyze traffic and usage trends related to the Services;
● To verify the integrity and security of the Services;
● To improve the Services and provide customer service;
● To investigate and prevent unauthorized or prohibited uses of the Services;
● For marketing or advertising purposes; and
● For any other purpose with your consent.
6. Do we share your personal information with third parties?
We may share publicly available information and de-identified information with third parties without restriction. However, we may only disclose your personal information to:
● Our subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, service providers, and other third parties as necessary to provide the Services to you;
● Potential buyers or other successors in the event of a merger, joint venture, assignment, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of assets including bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding;
● Law enforcement authorities, government agencies, and private litigants, such as in response to lawful criminal, civil, or administrative process or discovery requests, subpoenas, court orders, writs, or reasonable requests of authorities or persons with the reasonable power to obtain such process;
● Any other party as necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our policies;
● Any other party to comply with a legal obligation or to protect our legitimate interests;
● Any other party as necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or the general public, including but not limited to disclosures for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; and
● Any other party with your consent.
7. What choices do you have over your personal information?
We strive to provide you with choices about the personal information you provide directly to us. You can always delete or restrict any personal information that you provided directly to us. In the case of personal information contained in your content, you may delete the content containing the personal information from your profile. In all other cases, we will delete any personal information that you have provided directly to us, if you request to permanently delete your account. However, we may retain your personal information for any use set forth herein. Further, we may refuse to accommodate any change if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
We also strive to provide you with choices about the personal information that we collect from you automatically. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. To learn how you can manage your other cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of #open. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, we will issue cookies when you access #open.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that you can set in your browser. DNT is a way for you to inform websites and services that you do not want certain information about your browser history collected over time and across websites or online services. However, we do not recognize or respond to any DNT signals as the Internet industry works toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT. For more information, visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your personal information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
8. How long do we retain your personal information?
Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulation, we will retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill any use of your personal information set forth herein. However, we reserve the right to retain publicly available information and de-identified information for any legitimate business purpose without further notice to you or your consent.
9. Is your personal information secure?
We are committed to data security, and we have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, change, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. However, you understand and agree that the transmission of your personal information over the Internet is not completely secure. While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through #open. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures used by #open.
10. State Privacy Rights
●
Your California Privacy Rights:
We do not meet the triggers of California Civil Code §1798.83, because we do not disclose personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. We do not meet the triggers of the California Consumer Privacy Act, in part because we do not sell your personal information.
● Nevada:
We do not meet the triggers of Nevada Revised Statute Chapter 603A. While we do not sell your personal information, Nevada residents may submit an opt-out request support@hashtagopen.com which we will honor if we sell your personal information at a future date.
● Virginia:
We do not meet the triggers of Virginia’s Consumer Data Protection Act.
● Colorado:
We do not meet the triggers of the Colorado Privacy Act.
● Connecticut:
We do not meet the triggers of the Connecticut Data Privacy Act.
● Utah:
We do not meet the triggers of the Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
11. International Users
This Policy is intended to cover collection of personal information within our home jurisdiction. Some countries may require stricter privacy policies than those described in this Policy. If you are accessing #open from a foreign country, you understand and agree that your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in our home jurisdiction or the jurisdiction of the third parties described herein, and that the data protection and other laws of our home jurisdiction or the jurisdiction of such third parties might not be as comprehensive as those in your country.
14. No Third-Party Rights
This Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the Services.
About
The App
Resources
Partner with us
Get the App
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
Youtube
Download the
#Open App