English
Français
Italiano
Deutsch
Español
中文(简体)
中文(繁體)
日本語
한국어
For users residing outside Asia*
For users residing in Japan
For users residing in South Korea
For users residing in Asia*  (except Japan and South Korea)
Asia *
Republic of India
Republic of Indonesia
Republic of Singapore
Kingdom of Thailand
Islamic Republic of Pakistan
Republic of the Philippines
Brunei Darussalam
Socialist Republic of Viet Nam
Malaysia
People’s Republic of China (Hong Kong)
People’s Republic of China (Macau)
Taiwan
Japan
South Korea
Pour les utilisateurs résidant hors de l'Asie*
Pour les utilisateurs résidant au Japon
Pour les utilisateurs résidant en Corée du Sud
Pour les utilisateurs résidant en Asie* sauf Japon et Corée du Sud
Asie *
République de l’Inde
République d’Indonésie
République de Singapour
Royaume de Thaïlande
République islamique du Pakistan
République des Philippines
Brunei Darussalam
République Socialiste du Vietnam
Malaisie
République populaire de Chine (Hong Kong)
République populaire de Chine (Macao)
Taïwan
Japon
Corée du Sud
Utenti residenti al di fuori dell'Asia *
Utenti residenti in Giappone
Utenti residenti in Corea del Sud
Utenti residenti in Asia*  eccetto Giappone e Corea del Sud
Asia *
Repubblica dell'India
Repubblica di Indonesia
Repubblica di Singapore
Regno di Thailandia
Repubblica islamica del Pakistan
Repubblica delle Filippine
Brunei Darussalam
Repubblica Socialista del Vietnam
Malesia
Repubblica popolare cinese (Hong Kong)
Repubblica popolare cinese (Macao)
Taiwan
Giappone
Corea del Sud
Für außerhalb Asiens*  ansässige Nutzer
Für in Japan ansässige Nutzer
Für in Südkorea ansässige Nutzer
Für in Asien*  ansässige Nutzer mit Ausnahme von Japan und Südkorea
Asien *
Republik Indien
Republik Indonesien
Republik Singapur
Königreich Thailand
Islamische Republik Pakistan
Republik der Philippinen
Sultanat Brunei Darussalam
Sozialistische Republik Vietnam
Malaysia
Volksrepublik China (Hongkong)
Volksrepublik China (Macau)
Taiwan
Japan
Südkorea
Para usuarios residentes fuera de Asia *
Para usuarios residentes en Japón
Para usuarios residentes en la República de Corea
Para usuarios residentes en Asia * excepto Japón y la República de Corea
Asia *
República de la India
República de Indonesia
República de Singapur
Reino de Tailandia
República Islámica de Pakistán
República de Filipinas
Estado de Brunéi Darussalam
República Socialista de Vietnam
Malasia
República Popular China (Hong Kong)
República Popular China (Macao)
Taiwán
Japón
Corea del Sur
在亚洲 *以外居住的用户用
在日本居住的用户用
在韩国居住的用户用
在日本及韩国以外的亚洲 *居住的用户用
亚洲 *
印度共和国
印度尼西亚共和国
新加坡共和国
泰国
巴基斯坦伊斯兰共和国
菲律宾共和国
文莱达鲁萨兰国
越南社会主义共和国
马来西亚
中国（香港）
中国（澳门）
台湾
日本
韩国
居住於亞洲 *以外的用戶所適用
居住於日本的用戶所適用
居住於韓國的用戶所適用
居住於日本及韓國以外的亞洲 *的用戶所適用
亞洲 *
印度共和國
印尼共和國
新加坡共和國
泰國王國
巴基斯坦伊斯蘭共和國
菲律賓共和國
文萊達魯薩蘭國
越南社會主義共和國
馬來西亞
中國（香港）
中國（澳門）
台灣
日本
南韓
アジア *以外にお住まいのユーザー用
日本にお住まいのユーザー用
韓国にお住まいのユーザー用
日本・韓国以外のアジア *にお住まいのユーザー用
アジア *
インド
インドネシア
シンガポール
タイ
パキスタン
フィリピン
ブルネイ・ダルサラーム
ベトナム
マレーシア
台湾
日本
韓国
中国（香港）
中国（マカオ）
아시아* 이외에 거주하는 유저용
일본에 거주하는 유저용
한국에 거주하는 유저용
일본, 한국 이외 아시아* 에 거주하는 유저용
아시아 *
인도
인도네시아
싱가포르
타이
파키스탄
필리핀
브루나이
베트남
말레이시아
중국(홍콩)
중국(마카오)
대만
일본
대한민국
THE POKÉMON COMPANY PRIVACY NOTICE FOR POKÉMON QUEST
For users outside Asia* (see the bottom of this notice for a list of countries in Asia)
1. INTRODUCTION
This privacy notice (
Privacy Notice
) sets out the ways in which we, The Pokémon Company, and its affiliates Pokémon Center Co., Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc., and Pokémon Korea, Inc., collect and use your personal data (your personal information) in connection with Pokémon Quest (
our App
). It also explains what rights you have to access or change your personal data.
2. ABOUT US
The Pokémon Company is a company registered in Japan, with our address as set out below.
You can contact us as follows.
The Pokémon Company International, Inc.
Attention: Pokémon Quest
Address: 10400 NE 4th Street, Suite 2800
Bellevue, WA 98004 USA
Email: privacyquestions@pokemon.com
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Information that you provide to us.
We will collect any information that you provide to us when you:
access certain features or functions in our App that require personal information;
connect and share to a social network through our App, if you are over the age of 13 years;
make an inquiry, provide feedback, or make a complaint via email or our customer support site; and
submit correspondence to us via post, email or our customer support site.
The information you provide to us when you use our App will include (depending on the circumstances):
Identity data
. Country where you are located and month and year of birth; and
Player profile data
. You may also provide a username, transfer/backup ID (to let you transfer your profile data to a new device) and language preferences.
Information we collect about you.
Transactional data
. We will collect information related to your purchase transactions through our App, including the date and time, the amounts charged and other related transaction details;
Information contained in correspondence
. We will collect any information contained in any correspondence between us. For example, if you contact us for customer support, we keep a record of that correspondence;
Technical data
. We will also collect certain information about how you use our App and the device that you use to access our App, even where you have not created an account or logged in. This might include your geographical location, device information (such as your hardware model, operating system information, unique device identifiers), advertising ID (in apps that display advertising), unique player identifiers such as a transfer/backup ID and key, player ID, player key, access key, the data transmitted by your browser (such as your IP address, time zone settings, access status / HTTP status code, language settings, time zone settings referral source), information about your interactions with the App, including time- and date-stamped information such as page views, requests, number of sessions, number of downloads, users’ game progress, and game play-related data, length of visit to the App, keystroke logs, and similar information. This information may be collected by a third-party analytics service provider on our behalf and/or may be collected using cookies or similar technologies. For more information on cookies, please read paragraph 6 below.
App permissions
. We may also request permission to access apps and certain features on your device. Our App may request access to GPS when you consent to our collecting geolocation data. We may also request access to your device’s photo features, if you wish to capture a screen save of the game screen in a photo album.
4. HOW WE USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND RECIPIENTS OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will use your information for the purposes listed below either on the basis of:
performance of your contract with us and the provision of our services to you;
your consent (where we request it);
our need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
our legitimate interests.
We use your information on the basis of the above (see paragraph 4.1) and for our legitimate business objectives, including for the following purposes:
To provide access to our App
. To provide you with access to our App in a manner convenient and optimal and with personalized content relevant to you and allow you to have a record of your game play within the App;
To allow you to access certain App features
. To enable you to access features such as social network integration, in-App purchases, and game play;
To enable you to play with each other
. We will use the information you have provided (such as your username and language settings) to enable you to play with each other;
To process and facilitate transactions between us
. We will use your information to process transactions and payments, and to collect and recover money owed to us;
User and customer support
. To provide customer service and support, deal with inquiries or complaints about our App, and share your information with our App developers, IT support provider, and payment services provider as necessary to provide customer support;
To send push notifications
. To send you push notifications about your use of our App, our news, events, new App features, products, or services that we believe may interest you, provided that we have the requisite permission to do so;
Analysis
. To use data analytics to improve our App, products/services, marketing, customer relationships, and experiences;
Fraud and unlawful activity detection and prevention
. To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity, including identity fraud; to protect the rights and property of Pokémon, our agents, our customers, and others, including to enforce our terms, policies, rules, and agreements; to protect the safety and security of any person; and/or to protect the safety and security of Pokémon’s and our partners’ Services, websites, and applications; and
Compliance with policies, procedures and laws
. To enable us to comply with our policies and procedures and enforce our legal rights, or to share your information with our technical and legal advisors, and to comply with laws or respond to lawful requests and legal process, including, for example, complying with a court order or subpoena.
If you are in the EU and have any concerns about our processing, please refer to details of “The Rights of Users in the EU” in paragraph 9 below.
5. WHO WE MIGHT SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH
In connection with the purposes and on the lawful grounds described above, we will share your personal information when relevant with third parties, such as:
App users that you play
. Other App users who you play against or play with, who are based both inside and outside the EU;
Our service providers
. Third-party vendors, consultants, and other service providers who work for us and access your personal information to do that work;
Corporate affiliates
. The Pokémon Center Co., Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc., and Pokémon Korea, Inc., based in Japan, the UK, and USA, and South Korea;
Prospective sellers and buyers of our business
. In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction, or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets;
Other third parties (including professional advisers)
. Any other third parties (including legal or other advisors, regulatory authorities, courts, law enforcement agencies and government agencies) based in the UK, USA, Japan, and other countries to enable us to enforce our legal rights, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our employees, or where such disclosure may be permitted or required by law.
6. COOKIES AND TRACKING
We and others use cookies, web beacons, device IDS, and other tracking mechanisms to ensure that you get the most out of our App. Cookies are small amounts of information in the form of text files which we store on the device you use to access our App. Cookies and other tracking mechanisms such as device IDs allow us and others to monitor your use of the software, simplify your use of our App, and help us and others associate your activities across websites, your browsers, and mobile devices you use for advertising purposes.
If you do not wish for cookies to be installed on your device, you can change the settings on your device to reject cookies. For more information about how to reject cookies using your settings, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org. Please note that if you set your internet browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to access all of the functions of our App. Since certain opt-out preferences are also stored in a cookie on your device (such as opt-outs from advertising companies), please note that if you remove all cookies, you will need to renew your opt-out choices. Some internet browsers may transmit “Do Not Track” signals. Because uniform standards for “Do Not Track” signals have not been adopted, our App may not be aware of or process “Do Not Track” signals.
Our website may contain content and links to other sites that are operated by third parties that may also operate cookies and other tracking mechanisms. We do not control these third-party sites or their tracking activities, and this Privacy Notice does not apply to them. Please consult the terms and conditions and Privacy Notice of the relevant third-party site to find out how that site collects and uses your information and to establish whether and for what purpose it uses cookies.
7. HOW WE LOOK AFTER YOUR INFORMATION AND HOW LONG WE KEEP IT FOR
We use appropriate technological and operational security measures to protect your information against unauthorized access or unlawful use.
We will retain your information for as long as is appropriate to provide you with the services that you have requested from us or for as long as we reasonably require to retain the information for our lawful business purposes, such as for legal compliance and enforcement purposes, and for resolving disputes. Actual retention periods depend on a variety of factors such as the type of product, the type and sensitivity of the data, business needs, customer expectations and needs, the types of available user controls, and the form in which the data is stored.
8. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATION
Our company is located in Japan, and the personal information that we collect from you will predominantly be stored in Ireland, Japan, and the USA. This will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data from inside the EEA out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following transfer solutions is implemented:
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries; and
Where we use providers based in the USA, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield, which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the USA. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
Please contact us using the contact details at the top of this Privacy Notice if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
9. THE RIGHTS OF USERS IN THE EU
If you are in the EU, you have certain rights in respect of the information that we hold about you, including:
the right to be informed of the ways in which we use your information, as we seek to do in this Privacy Notice;
the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes;
the right to request access to the information that we hold about you;
the right to request that we correct or rectify any information that we hold about you which is out of date or incorrect;
in certain circumstances, the right to ask us to stop processing information about you; and
the right to lodge a complaint about us with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (https://ico.org.uk/).
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for our own record-keeping and research purposes. We may also need to send you service-related communications relating to your website user account even when you have requested not to receive marketing communications.
In accordance with new data protection laws which are in force from May 25, 2018, you have certain additional rights in respect of the information that we hold about you, including:
in addition to your right to lodge a complaint about us with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (https://ico.org.uk/), you are also able to lodge a complaint with the relevant authority in your country of work or residence;
the right to withdraw your consent for our use of your information in reliance of your consent, which you can do by contacting us using any of the details at the top of this Privacy Notice;
the right to object to our using your information on the basis of our legitimate interests and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground;
the right to receive a copy of any information we hold about you (or request that we transfer this to another service provider) in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, in certain circumstances; and
the right to ask us to limit or cease processing or erase information we hold about you, in certain circumstances.
You may exercise your rights above by contacting us using the details in paragraph 2 of this Privacy Notice, or to stop receiving push notifications you can update your preferences in your device settings.
10. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Our App may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and apps. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites, plug-ins and apps and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every third party you visit.
11. WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT CHILDREN?
If a user has indicated that they are a child when trying to use our App, we will direct the child to a different experience within our App that lets a child use our services much like any other user but that does not allow any additional personal information (as defined under COPPA) to be collected.
We collect only a subset of the personal information above when a user identifies themselves as a child, including username and unique identifiers. Children can use our App, view content, and enjoy many features without collection of any personal information (as defined under COPPA).
12. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, please use the following details:
The Pokémon Company
Attention: Data Protection Officer
Address: Roppongi Hills Mori Tower 8F
6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku
Tokyo 106-6108 Japan
13. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time by changing the last updated date. If we make material changes to how we collect, use, or share your personal information, we will describe the changes, and, if required by law, seek your consent for such changes.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us by updating your profile account information or contacting us via the contact details at the top of this Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice was updated on June 27, 2018.
*Asia
Republic of India
Republic of Indonesia
Republic of Singapore
Kingdom of Thailand
Islamic Republic of Pakistan
Republic of the Philippines
Brunei Darussalam
Socialist Republic of Viet Nam
Malaysia
People’s Republic of China (Hong Kong)
People’s Republic of China (Macau)
Taiwan
Japan
South Korea
POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ DE THE POKÉMON COMPANY POUR L’APPLICATION POKÉMON QUEST
Pour les utilisateurs hors Asie* (consultez la liste des pays d’Asie en bas de cette politique).
1. INTRODUCTION
Cette politique de confidentialité (
Politique de confidentialité
) indique comment nous, THE POKÉMON COMPANY, ainsi que ses filiales Pokémon Center Co., Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc., et Pokémon Korea, Inc., recueillons et utilisons vos données à caractère personnel (vos informations personnelles) dans le cadre de notre application Pokémon Quest (
Appli
). Cette politique de confidentialité explique également vos droits pour l’accès ou la modification de vos données à caractère personnel.
2. À PROPOS DE NOUS
THE POKÉMON COMPANY est une société immatriculée au Japon, située à l’adresse mentionnée dans le paragraphe 12.
Vous pouvez nous joindre aux coordonnées suivantes :
THE POKÉMON COMPANY INTERNATIONAL, Inc.
À l’attention de : Pokémon QuestMbr
Adresse : 10400 NE 4th Street, Suite 2800
Bellevue, WA 98004 USA
E-mail : privacyquestions@pokemon.com
3. INFORMATIONS COLLECTÉES VOUS CONCERNANT
Informations que vous nous communiquez.
Nous recueillons chaque information que vous nous communiquez lorsque vous :
accédez à certaines fonctionnalités de notre Appli qui requièrent des informations à caractère personnel ;
quand vous vous connectez et partagez sur les réseaux sociaux via notre Appli, si vous avez plus de 13 ans ;
faites une demande, des commentaires ou émettez une réclamation par e-mail ou sur notre site d’assistance client ;
nous soumettez de la correspondance par voie postale, par e-mail ou sur notre site d’assistance client.
Les informations que vous nous donnez lorsque vous utilisez notre Appli comprendront (selon les circonstances) les données suivantes :
les données concernant votre identité
: le pays dans lequel vous vous trouvez, ainsi que le mois et l’année de votre naissance ; et
les données de votre profil en tant que joueur
: vous pouvez aussi donner un nom d’utilisateur, un identifiant de transfert/sauvegarde (pour vous permettre de transférer vos données de profil sur un nouvel appareil), ainsi que votre choix de langue.
Informations collectées vous concernant.
Données transactionnelles
. Nous recueillons les informations liées à vos transactions d’achat sur notre Appli, comprenant la date et l’heure d’achat, les montants facturés, ainsi que tous les autres détails liés aux transactions ;
Informations contenues dans une correspondance
: Nous recueillons toutes les informations contenues dans toute correspondance échangées avec nous. Par exemple, si vous contactez l’assistance client, nous conservons un enregistrement de cette correspondance ;
Données techniques
. Nous recueillons également certaines informations sur votre manière d’utiliser notre Appli ainsi que sur l’appareil utilisé pour y accéder, même si vous n’avez pas créé de compte ou si vous n’êtes pas connecté. Elles peuvent inclure votre position géographique, des informations concernant votre appareil (tel que son modèle, le système d’exploitation utilisé, son identifiant unique), des identifiants publicitaires (pour les applis affichant de la publicité), les identifiants uniques du joueur tels que l’identifiant et la clé de transfert/sauvegarde, l’identifiant et la clé du joueur, le code d’accès, les données transmises par votre navigateur (tel que votre adresse IP, le réglage du fuseau horaire, le code de statut d’accès/HTTP, les paramètres de langue, la source de référence du réglage de fuseau horaire), les informations concernant vos interactions avec l’Appli comprenant des informations horodatées telles que les pages visitées, les demandes, le nombre de sessions, le nombre de téléchargements, la progression de l’utilisateur dans le jeu et les données liées à la jouabilité, la durée des visites sur l’Appli, les journaux de pression de touche, ainsi que toutes les informations similaires. Ces informations peuvent être recueillies en notre nom par un fournisseur de service d’analyse tiers et/ou à l’aide de cookies ou de technologies similaires. Pour de plus amples informations sur les cookies, veuillez consulter le paragraphe 6 ci-dessous.
Permissions de l’Appli
. Nous pouvons également demander la permission d’accéder à certaines applis et certaines fonctionnalités de votre appareil. Avec votre accord, notre Appli peut demander l’accès au GPS afin de recueillir des données relatives à la géolocalisation. Nous pouvons aussi demander d’avoir accès aux fonctionnalités photo de votre appareil, si vous souhaitez enregistrer une capture d’écran du jeu dans un album photo.
4. COMMENT NOUS UTILISONS VOS INFORMATIONS ET LEURS FINALITÉS
Nous utiliserons vos informations aux fins énumérées ci-dessous:
l’exécution du contrat passé avec nous et la prestation de services avec vous ;
votre consentement (quand nous le demandons) ;
quand nous devons nous conformer aux obligations légales ou réglementaires ; ou
pour nos intérêts légitimes.
Nous utilisons vos informations sur la base de ce qui est décrit ci-dessus (voir paragraphe 4.1) et pour nos objectifs commerciaux légitimes, y compris pour les fins suivantes :
Pour vous donner un accès à notre Appli
. Pour vous donner un accès à notre Appli de manière appropriée et optimisée, avec du contenu personnalisé vous correspondant et vous permettant d’avoir un enregistrement de votre jeu dans l’Appli ;
Pour vous permettre d’accéder à certaines fonctionnalités de l’Appli
. Pour vous permettre d’accéder aux fonctionnalités telles que l’intégration des réseaux sociaux, les achats dans l’Appli et le jeu ;
Pour vous permettre jouer avec les autres
. Nous utiliserons les informations que vous nous donnez (tels que le nom d’utilisateur et les paramètres de langue) pour vous permettre de jouer avec d’autres personnes ;
Pour traiter et faciliter les transactions effectuées avec nous
. Nous utiliserons vos informations pour traiter les transactions et les paiements, pour recueillir et récupérer l’argent que vous nous devez ;
Assistance utilisateur et client
. Pour offrir un service et une assistance client, traiter les demandes et les réclamations concernant notre Appli et pour partager vos informations avec les développeurs de notre Appli, le prestataire d’assistance informatique et le fournisseur de services de paiements si nécessaire, afin d’apporter une assistance client ;
Pour envoyer des notifications push
. Pour vous envoyer des notifications push concernant l’utilisation de notre Appli, nos nouveautés, les nouvelles fonctionnalités de l’Appli, les produits ou les services qui, selon nous, pourraient vous intéresser, sous réserve d’avoir l’autorisation requise pour le faire ;
Analyse
. Pour utiliser des analyses de données pour améliorer notre Appli, les produits/services, le marketing, les relations clients et les expériences ;
Détection et prévention d’activité frauduleuse et illégale
. Pour protéger, enquêter et prévenir les activités frauduleuses, non autorisées ou illégales, comprenant l’usurpation d’identité ; pour protéger les droits et la propriété de THE POKÉMON COMPANY, nos agents, nos clients, et d’autres personnes, y compris pour appliquer nos modalités, politiques, règles et accords ; pour protéger la sécurité et la sûreté des services, sites Internet et applications de THE POKÉMON COMPANY et de nos partenaires ; et
La conformité avec nos politiques, procédures et lois
. Pour nous permettre d’être conformes avec nos politiques et procédures pour faire respecter nos droits légaux, ou pour partager vos informations avec nos conseillers techniques et juridiques pour se conformer aux lois ou pour répondre à une demande faite en vertu de la loi et au processus juridique, comprenant, par exemple, le fait de se conformer avec une ordonnance d’un tribunal ou une assignation à comparaître.
Si vous vous trouvez dans l’Union européenne et que vous avez des préoccupations concernant notre processus, veuillez consulter la rubrique « Les droits de l’utilisateur dans l’Union européenne » dans le paragraphe 9 ci-dessous.
5. AVEC QUI POURRIONS-NOUS PARTAGER VOS INFORMATIONS
Dans le cadre des finalités et des bases légales décrites ci-dessus, nous partagerons vos informations personnelles (lorsqu’elles sont pertinentes) avec des tiers, tels que :
Les utilisateurs de l’Appli avec lesquels vous jouez
. Les autres utilisateurs de l’Appli avec qui vous jouez, qu’ils se trouvent dans ou en dehors de l’Union européenne ;
Nos fournisseurs de service
. Les fournisseurs tiers, les consultants, et tous les autres fournisseurs de service travaillant avec nous et ayant accès à vos informations personnelles pour faire leur travail ;
Sociétés affiliées
. Pokémon Center Co. Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc. et Pokémon Korea, Inc., basés au Japon, au Royaume-Uni, aux États-Unis d’Amérique et en Corée du Sud ;
Vendeurs et acheteurs potentiels de nos activités
. En liaison ou pendant une négociation lors d’une fusion, d’un financement, d’une acquisition, d’une dissolution, d’une transaction ou lors d’un processus comprenant une vente, un transfert, une cession ou la divulgation dans leur totalité ou en partie de nos activités ou actifs ;
Autres tiers (y compris les conseillers professionnels)
. Tous les autres tiers (y compris les conseillers juridiques ou autres, les autorités réglementaires, les tribunaux, les organismes chargés de faire respecter la loi et les agences gouvernementales) basés au Royaume-Uni, aux États-Unis d’Amérique, au Japon et dans les autres pays pour nous permettre de faire respecter nos droits, ou pour protéger les droits, la propriété ou la sécurité de nos employés où une telle divulgation serait permise ou exigée par la loi.
6. COOKIES ET TRAÇAGE
Nous (et les autres) utilisons des cookies, des balises web, des identifiants d’appareil, et d’autres mécanismes de traçage pour nous assurer que vous tirez le meilleur parti de notre Appli. Les cookies sont des petits fichiers d’informations sous forme de texte que nous stockons sur l’appareil que vous utilisez pour accéder à notre Appli. Les cookies et les autres mécanismes de traçage tels que les identifiants d’appareil nous permettent, ainsi qu’à d’autres, de surveiller l’utilisation du logiciel, de simplifier l’utilisation de notre Appli, et de nous aider (ainsi que d’autres) à associer vos activités à des fins publicitaires sur les sites Internet, vos navigateurs et les appareils mobiles que vous utilisez.
Si vous ne voulez pas que des cookies soient installés sur votre appareil, vous pouvez modifier ses paramètres pour rejeter les cookies. Pour plus d’informations sur la manière de rejeter les cookies à l’aide de vos paramètres, veuillez consulter le site http.//www.aboutcookies.org. Veuillez noter que si vous paramétrez votre navigateur pour rejeter les cookies, vous ne serez pas en mesure d’accéder à la totalité des fonctions de notre Appli. Puisque certaines préférences en matière de désinscription sont également stockées dans un cookie au sein de votre appareil (comme par exemple les désinscriptions auprès des agences de publicité), veuillez noter que si vous effacez tous les cookies, vous devrez renouveler vos choix de désinscription. Certains navigateurs peuvent transmettre des signaux « Do Not Track » (Ne pas suivre). Parce que les normes uniformes concernant les signaux « Do Not Track » n’ont pas été adoptées, notre Appli peut ignorer ou traiter ces signaux.
Notre site Internet peut contenir du contenu et des liens vers d’autres sites qui sont exploités par des tiers pouvant aussi utiliser des cookies et d’autres mécanismes de traçage. Nous ne contrôlons pas ces sites tiers ou leurs activités de traçage, cette Politique de confidentialité ne leur est pas applicable. Veuillez consulter les conditions générales et la Politique de confidentialité du site tiers pertinent pour savoir comment celui-ci recueille et utilise vos informations et pour établir si et à quelles fins ils utilisent des cookies.
7. COMMENT PRENONS-NOUS EN CHARGE VOS INFORMATIONS ET COMBIEN DE TEMPS NOUS LE FAISONS
Nous utilisons des mesures de sécurité technologiques et opérationnelles adaptées pour protéger vos informations contre un accès non autorisé ou une utilisation illégale.
Nous conserverons vos informations aussi longtemps que nécessaire pour vous offrir les services que vous nous avez demandés ou aussi longtemps que nous exigeons raisonnable de conserver les informations à des fins légitimes, telle que la conformité juridique ou à des fins d’application, et pour les résolutions de conflits. Les périodes de conservation actuelles dépendent de nombreux facteurs, tels que le type de produit, le type et la sensibilité des données, les besoins commerciaux, les attentes et besoins du client, les types de contrôles utilisateur disponibles, et la forme sous laquelle les données sont stockées.
8. TRANSFERTS INTERNATIONAUX DE VOS INFORMATIONS
Notre société se trouve au Japon et les informations que nous recueillons de votre part seront stockées principalement en Irlande, au Japon et aux États-Unis d’Amérique. Cela impliquera un transfert de données en dehors de l’EEE.
Chaque fois que nous transférons vos données à caractère personnel de l’intérieur vers l’extérieur de l’EEE, nous assurons qu’un niveau similaire de protection est mis en œuvre en garantissant qu’au moins une des solutions suivantes de transfert est utilisée :
Quand nous utilisons certains prestataires de services, nous pouvons utiliser des contrats spécifiques approuvés par la Commission Européenne qui offre aux données à caractère personnel la même protection qu’elles ont en Europe. Pour de plus amples renseignements, consultez Contrats types de la Commission Européenne pour le transfert des données personnelles vers des pays tiers; et
Lorsque nous utilisons des fournisseurs situés aux États-Unis d’Amérique, nous pouvons leur transférer les données s’ils font partie du Privacy Shield (bouclier de protection), qui exige qu’ils fournissent une protection similaire aux données à caractère personnel partagées entre l’Europe et les États-Unis d’Amérique. Pour plus de renseignements, consultez la page Commission Européenne : EU-US Privacy Shield.
Veuillez nous contacter à l’aide des coordonnées fournies au début de la présente Politique de confidentialité si vous voulez avoir plus d’informations sur le mécanisme spécifique que nous utilisons lorsque nous transférons vos données à caractère personnel en dehors de l’EEE.
9. LES DROITS DES UTILISATEURS DANS L’UNION EUROPÉENNE
Si vous vous trouvez dans l’Union européenne, vous avez certains droits concernant le respect des informations que nous avons sur vous, tel que :
le droit d’être informé sur les façons dont nous utilisons vos informations, comme nous cherchons à le faire dans la présente Politique de confidentialité ;
le droit de nous demander de ne pas traiter vos données à caractère personnel à des fins commerciales ;
le droit de demander un accès aux informations que nous avons sur vous ;
Le droit de nous demander de corriger ou rectifier les informations que nous avons sur vous, qu’elles soient périmées ou incorrectes ;
dans certains cas, le droit de nous demander d’arrêter le traitement des informations vous concernant ; et
le droit de porter plainte contre nous au Bureau du commissaire à l’information du Royaume-Uni (https.//ico.org.uk/).
Veuillez noter que conserverons peut-être certaines informations pour notre propre conservation de données et à des fins de recherche. Nous pouvons également vous envoyer des communications liées aux services concernant votre compte d’utilisateur du site Internet, même si vous avez demandé à ne pas recevoir de communications commerciales.
Conformément aux nouvelles lois de protection des données à caractère personnel qui sont entrées en vigueur le 25 mai 2018, vous avez certains droits supplémentaires relatifs aux informations que nous avons sur vous, comprenant :
en plus du droit de porter plainte contre nous auprès du Bureau du commissaire à l’information du Royaume-Uni (https.//ico.org.uk/), vous pourrez également porter plainte auprès des autorités compétentes dans le pays où vous travaillez ou de résidence ;
le droit de retirer votre accord concernant l’utilisation de vos informations lié à votre consentement, ce que vous pouvez faire en nous contactant grâce aux coordonnées situées en tête de la présente Politique de confidentialité ;
le droit de contester notre utilisation de vos informations basée sur nos intérêts légitimes et lorsqu’il y a un élément concernant votre situation personnelle qui fait que vous voulez pour ce motif contester le traitement ;
le droit de recevoir une copie des toutes les informations que nous avons sur vous (ou demander que nous les transférions vers un autre prestataire de service) sous un format structuré, couramment utilisé, exploitable par une machine, dans certains cas ; et
le droit de nous demander de limiter ou de cesser le traitement ou effacer les informations que nous avons sur vous dans certains cas.
Vous pouvez exercer les droits ci-dessus en utilisant ce qui est décrit dans le paragraphe 2 de la présente Politique de confidentialité, ou pour cesser de recevoir des notifications push, vous pouvez mettre à jour vos préférences dans les paramètres de votre appareil.
10. LIENS VERS DES TIERS
Notre Appli peut inclure des liens vers des sites Internet, des plug-ins et des applis tiers. Cliquer sur ces liens ou activer ces connexions peut autoriser ces tiers à recueillir ou partager des données sur vous. Nous ne contrôlons pas ces sites, plug-ins et applis tiers. Nous ne sommes pas responsables de leurs déclarations de confidentialité. Lorsque vous quittez notre site, nous vous encourageons à lire les politiques de confidentialité de chaque tiers que vous visitez.
11. QUELS TYPES D’INFORMATIONS RECUEILLONS-NOUS SUR LES ENFANTS ?
Si un utilisateur a indiqué qu’il est un enfant lors d’une tentative d’utilisation de notre Appli, nous le dirigerons vers une expérience différente dans notre Appli qui le laissera utiliser nos services comme n’importe quel autre utilisateur mais qui n’autorisera pas la collecte de données à caractère personnel supplémentaires (tel que défini dans la loi COPPA, relative à la protection de la vie privée des enfants sur Internet).
Nous recueillons seulement un sous-ensemble des données à caractère personnel énumérées ci-dessus quand un utilisateur s’identifie comme étant un enfant, y compris pour le nom d’utilisateur et l’identifiant unique. Les enfants peuvent utiliser notre Appli, visualiser du contenu, et profiter de plein de fonctionnalités sans collecte de données à caractère personnel (tel que défini dans la loi COPPA).
12. DÉLÉGUÉ À LA PROTECTION DES DONNÉES
Si vous souhaitez contacter notre Délégué à la protection des données, veuillez utiliser les coordonnées suivantes:
The Pokémon Company
À l’attention de : Délégué à la protection des données
Adresse : Roppongi Hills Mori Tower 8F
6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku
Tokyo 106-6108 Japon
13. MODIFICATIONS DE CETTE POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ ET VOTRE DEVOIR DE NOUS INFORMER DE MODIFICATIONS
Nous pouvons à tout moment modifier la présente Politique de confidentialité en modifiant la dernière date de mise à jour. Si nous effectuons des modifications substantielles sur la façon dont nous recueillons, utilisons ou partageons vos données à caractère personnel, nous donnerons une description de ces modifications et, si la loi l’exige, nous demanderons votre accord pour de telles modifications.
est important que les données à caractère personnel que nous avons sur vous soient précises et actualisées. Veuillez nous informer des modifications de vos données à caractère personnel pendant notre relation en mettant à jour les informations de votre compte de profil ou en nous contactant par le biais des coordonnées situées en début de la présente Politique de confidentialité. La présente Politique de confidentialité a été mise à jour le 27 juin 2018.
*Asie
République d’Inde
République d’Indonésie
République de Singapour
Royaume de Thaïlande
République Islamique du Pakistan
République des Philippines
Brunei Darussalam
République Socialiste du Vietnam
Malaisie
République populaire de Chine (Hong Kong)
République populaire de Chine (Macao)
Taïwan
Japon
Corée du Sud
INFORMATIVA SULLA PRIVACY DI THE POKÉMON COMPANY RELATIVA A POKÉMON QUEST
Per gli utenti al di fuori dei paesi asiatici* (per la lista dei paesi asiatici si rimanda all'elenco al termine della presente informativa).
1. INTRODUZIONE
La presente informativa sulla privacy (
Informativa sulla privacy
) definisce le modalità con le quali noi, The Pokémon Company, e le società controllate Pokémon Center Co., Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc., e Pokémon Korea, Inc., raccogliamo e utilizziamo i vostri dati personali (le vostre informazioni personali) con riferimento a Pokémon Quest (
la nostra App
). Essa illustra, inoltre, i vostri diritti riguardo all'accesso o alla modifica dei vostri dati personali.
2. CHI SIAMO
The Pokémon Company è una società costituita in Giappone con sede legale come di seguito indicato al paragrafo 12.
Potete contattarci ai seguenti recapiti:
The Pokémon Company International, Inc.
Alla cortese attenzione di: Pokémon Quest
Indirizzo: 10400 NE 4th Street, Suite 2800
Bellevue, WA 98004 USA
E-mail: privacyquestions@pokemon.com
3. INFORMAZIONI CHE RACCOGLIAMO SU DI VOI
Informazioni che ci fornite.
Raccoglieremo tutte le informazioni che ci fornite quando:
accedete a determinate funzionalità della nostra App che richiedono informazioni personali;
vi collegate a un social network e condividete elementi tramite la nostra App, se avete più di 13 anni di età;
inoltrate una richiesta, fornite un feedback o presentate un reclamo tramite e-mail o tramite il nostro sito di assistenza clienti; e
ci inviate corrispondenza per posta, e-mail o tramite il nostro sito di assistenza clienti.
Le informazioni che ci fornite quando utilizzate la nostra App comprendono (a seconda delle circostanze):
Dati identificativi
. Il Paese in cui vi trovate e il mese e l'anno di nascita; e
Dati sul profilo del giocatore
. Vi è anche la possibilità che forniate un nome utente, un ID di trasferimento/backup (che vi consente di trasferire i dati del vostro profilo su un nuovo dispositivo) e le opzioni di lingua.
Informazioni che raccogliamo su di voi.
Dati sulle transazioni
. Raccoglieremo informazioni relative alle vostre operazioni di acquisto effettuate tramite la nostra App, quali la data e l'ora, gli importi addebitati e altri dettagli relativi alla transazione;
Informazioni contenute nella corrispondenza
. Raccoglieremo tutte le informazioni contenute in qualsiasi scambio di corrispondenza intercorso tra di noi. A titolo esemplificativo, qualora ci contattiate per ricevere assistenza, terremo traccia di tale corrispondenza;
Dati tecnici
. Inoltre, raccoglieremo alcune informazioni riguardo alle modalità con le quali utilizzate la nostra App e al dispositivo che utilizzate per accedere alla nostra App, anche nel caso in cui non abbiate creato un account o effettuato l'accesso. Tali informazioni possono includere la vostra posizione geografica, informazioni sul dispositivo (quali il modello di hardware, informazioni sul sistema operativo, identificativi univoci del dispositivo), ID pubblicitari (in app che mostrano pubblicità), identificativi univoci del giocatore, quali ID e password di trasferimento/backup, ID giocatore, password giocatore, password di accesso, i dati trasmessi dal vostro browser (quali il vostro indirizzo IP, le impostazioni di fuso orario, il codice di stato di accesso/stato HTTP, le impostazioni della lingua, il sito di rinvio delle impostazioni di fuso orario), informazioni sulle vostre interazioni con l'App, comprese le informazioni con indicazione di ora e data, quali visualizzazioni di pagine, richieste, numero di sessioni, numero di download, progresso partita degli utenti e dati relativi alla partita, durata della visita nell'App, pressione dei tasti e informazioni simili. Tali informazioni possono essere raccolte da provider di servizi analitici terzi per nostro conto e/o possono essere raccolte tramite utilizzo di cookie o tecnologie simili. Per ulteriori informazioni sui cookie, si prega di leggere il paragrafo 6 di seguito.
Autorizzazioni di accesso
. Possiamo inoltre richiedere l'autorizzazione ad accedere ad app e ad alcune funzionalità del vostro dispositivo. La nostra App può richiedere l'accesso al GPS nel momento in cui acconsentite alla raccolta da parte nostra dei dati di geolocalizzazione. Possiamo anche richiedere l'accesso alle funzionalità della fotocamera del vostro dispositivo, qualora desideriate salvare uno screenshot della schermata di gioco in un album fotografico.
4. COME UTILIZZIAMO LE INFORMAZIONI SU DI VOI E DESTINATARI DELLE VOSTRE INFORMAZIONI
Utilizzeremo le vostre informazioni per le finalità elencate di seguito:
per dare esecuzione al contratto stipulato con noi e per fornirvi i nostri servizi;
sulla base del vostro consenso (ove da noi richiesto);
qualora dovessimo adempiere a un obbligo di legge o normativo; oppure
sulla base dei nostri legittimi interessi.
Utilizziamo le vostre informazioni sulla base di quanto sopra espresso (v. paragrafo 4.1) e per l'espletamento del nostro legittimo scopo commerciale che comprende le seguenti finalità:
Consentire l'accesso alla nostra App
. Consentirvi di accedere alla nostra App in modo agevole e ottimale, dandovi la possibilità di personalizzare i contenuti e permettendovi di salvare i dati della vostra partita all'interno dell'App;
Permettervi di accedere ad alcune funzionalità dell'App
. Per consentirvi di accedere a funzionalità quali integrazione con social network, acquisti all'interno dell'App e partite;
Consentirvi di giocare con altri giocatori
. . Utilizzeremo le informazioni che ci avete fornito (quali nome utente e impostazioni della lingua) per consentirvi di giocare con altri giocatori;
Elaborare e facilitare le transazioni tra di noi
. Utilizzeremo le vostre informazioni per elaborare le transazioni e i pagamenti e per riscuotere e recuperare somme a noi dovute;
Fornire assistenza agli utenti e ai clienti
. Per fornire assistenza ai clienti, gestire richieste o reclami riguardo alla nostra App e condividere le vostre informazioni con gli sviluppatori delle nostra App, i nostri fornitori di assistenza informatica e i nostri fornitori di servizi di pagamento nella misura necessaria a fornire assistenza al cliente;
Inviare notifiche
. Per inviarvi notifiche push sul vostro utilizzo della nostra App, sulle nostre novità, sugli eventi, su nuove funzionalità, prodotti o servizi dell'App che riteniamo possano essere di vostro interesse, purché disponiamo della necessaria autorizzazione in tal senso;
Effettuare analisi
. Per utilizzare l'analisi dei dati al fine di migliorare la nostra App, i prodotti/servizi, il marketing, le relazioni con i clienti e la loro esperienza;
Individuare e prevenire frodi e attività illecite
. Per fornire tutela da, indagare e scoraggiare pratiche fraudolente, non autorizzate o illecite, compreso il furto di identità; per tutelare i diritti e la proprietà di Pokémon, dei nostri agenti, dei nostri clienti e dei terzi e per far rispettare i nostri termini, le nostre politiche, le nostre norme e i nostri contratti; per tutelare l'incolumità e la sicurezza di qualsiasi persona; e/o per tutelare l'incolumità e la sicurezza dei servizi, dei siti web e delle applicazioni di Pokémon e dei suoi partner; e
Rispettare le politiche, le procedure e le leggi
. Per consentirci di rispettare le nostre politiche e procedure e far valere i nostri diritti legali o per condividere le vostre informazioni con i nostri consulenti tecnici e legali e per rispettare leggi o adempiere a provvedimenti giudiziari o a disposizioni di procedimenti legali quali, a titolo esemplificativo, ordinanze di tribunali o mandati di comparizione.
Se siete residenti nell'UE e avete dubbi in merito al trattamento dei vostri dati da parte nostra, vi preghiamo di fare riferimento ai dettagli contenuti nei "Diritti degli utenti residenti nell'UE" al paragrafo 9 di seguito.
5. SOGGETTI CON I QUALI POTREMMO CONDIVIDERE LE VOSTRE INFORMAZIONI
In riferimento alle finalità e sulla base delle motivazioni legali sopra descritte, condivideremo le vostre informazioni personali, laddove necessario, con soggetti terzi, quali:
Utenti dell'App con i quali giocate
. Altri utenti dell'App con o contro i quali giocate, residenti sia all'interno che all'esterno dell'UE;
Nostri fornitori di servizi
. Venditori, consulenti e altri fornitori di servizi terzi che lavorano per noi e che nello svolgimento di tali lavori hanno accesso alle vostre informazioni personali;
Società controllate
. The Pokémon Center Co., Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc. e Pokémon Korea, Inc. con sede in Giappone, Regno Unito, Stati Uniti d'America e Corea del Sud.
Potenziali venditori e acquirenti della nostra impresa commerciale
. In riferimento a, o nel corso di negoziazioni finalizzate a fusioni, finanziamenti, acquisizioni, fallimenti, scioglimenti, transazioni o procedimenti aventi ad oggetto la vendita, il trasferimento, la cessione o la liquidazione, in toto o in parte, della nostra impresa commerciale o del suo patrimonio;
Altri soggetti terzi (compresi i consulenti professionali)
. Qualsiasi altro soggetto terzo (compresi i consulenti legali o di altro genere, le autorità di regolamentazione, i tribunali, le autorità preposte all'applicazione delle leggi e gli enti governativi), nel Regno Unito, negli Stati Uniti d'America, in Giappone e in altri paesi, a cui dovessimo ricorrere per far valere i nostri diritti legali o per tutelare i diritti, la proprietà o l'incolumità dei nostri dipendenti o laddove tale divulgazione sia ammessa o richiesta dalla legge.
6. COOKIE E TRACCIAMENTO
Noi, e non solo, utilizziamo cookie, web beacon, identificativi del dispositivo e altri meccanismi di tracciamento per fare in modo che possiate trarre il massimo vantaggio dalla nostra App. I cookie sono piccole quantità di informazioni sotto forma di file di testo che inseriamo nel dispositivo che utilizzate per accedere alla nostra App. I cookie e altri meccanismi di tracciamento, quali gli identificativi del dispositivo, permettono a noi, e non solo, di monitorare il vostro utilizzo del software, semplificare l'utilizzo da parte vostra della nostra App e aiutare noi, e non solo, ad associare, per finalità pubblicitarie, le vostre attività su siti web, sui vostri browser e sui dispositivi mobili che utilizzate.
Qualora non desideriate che siano installati cookie sul vostro dispositivo, potete modificare le impostazioni sul vostro dispositivo in modo da rifiutare i cookie. Per ulteriori informazioni su come rifiutare i cookie tramite le vostre impostazioni, andate su http.//www.aboutcookies.org. Si prega di notare che, impostando il vostro browser di Internet in modo che rifiuti i cookie, potreste non essere in grado di accedere a tutte le funzioni della nostra App. Poiché anche alcune preferenze di esclusione sono conservate in cookie sul vostro dispositivo (quali l'esclusione di società inserzioniste), è opportuno tenere presente che, qualora si rimuovessero tutti i cookie, sarà necessario rinnovare le vostre opzioni di esclusione. Alcuni browser di Internet possono trasmettere segnali di non tracciamento ("Do Not Track"). Dal momento che non sono stati adottati standard uniformi per i segnali "Do Not Track", la nostra App può non rilevare o elaborare i segnali "Do Not Track".
Nel nostro sito web possono essere presenti contenuti di altri siti e link che rinviano a tali altri siti gestiti da terzi che possono utilizzare cookie e altri meccanismi di tracciamento. Tali siti di terzi e la relativa attività di tracciamento sono fuori dal nostro controllo e la presente Informativa sulla privacy non si applica a loro. Si prega di consultare i termini e le condizioni e l'Informativa sulla privacy del relativo sito di terzi per conoscere le modalità di raccolta e utilizzo delle vostre informazioni da parte di tale sito e accertare se e per quali finalità lo stesso utilizza cookie.
7. COME CUSTODIAMO LE VOSTRE INFORMAZIONI E PER QUANTO TEMPO LE CONSERVIAMO
Adottiamo opportune misure di sicurezza tecnologiche e operative atte a tutelare le vostre informazioni da accesso non autorizzato o utilizzo illecito.
Conserveremo le vostre informazioni per il tempo opportuno ai fini della fornitura dei servizi che ci avete richiesto o per il tempo che sia per noi ragionevolmente necessario per finalità di natura legale della nostra impresa, quali il rispetto e l'applicazione delle disposizioni di legge e la risoluzione di controversie. Il periodo di conservazione effettivo dipende da una varietà di fattori, quali il tipo di prodotto, il tipo e il grado di sensibilità dei dati, le esigenze aziendali, le aspettative e le esigenze del cliente, i tipi di controlli disponibili per l'utente e la modalità di conservazione dei dati.
8. TRASFERIMENTI INTERNAZIONALI DELLE VOSTRE INFORMAZIONI
La nostra società ha sede in Giappone e le vostre informazioni personali da noi raccolte saranno conservate prevalentemente in Irlanda, Giappone e Stati Uniti d'America. Ciò comporterà un trasferimento di dati fuori dal SEE.
Ogniqualvolta trasferiamo i vostri dati personali dall'interno all'esterno del SEE, garantiamo che tali dati godano sempre dello stesso livello di protezione assicurandoci di adottare almeno una delle seguenti soluzioni di trasferimento:
laddove utilizziamo determinati fornitori di servizi, possiamo avvalerci di contratti specifici approvati dalla Commissione europea che garantiscono ai dati personali la stessa protezione di cui godono in Europa. Per ulteriori dettagli: Contratti tipo della Commissione europea per il trasferimento di dati personali verso paesi terzi; e
laddove utilizziamo fornitori con sede negli Stati Uniti, possiamo trasferire dati a tali fornitori nell'ambito dello Scudo per la Privacy, qualora vi aderiscano, in virtù del quale gli stessi sono obbligati a garantire eguale protezione ai dati personali condivisi tra Europa e Stati Uniti. Per ulteriori dettagli, consultate Commissione europea: Scudo per la privacy UE-USA.
Qualora desideriate ulteriori informazioni riguardo al meccanismo specifico da noi utilizzato per il trasferimento dei vostri dati al di fuori del SEE, vi preghiamo di contattarci ai recapiti forniti all'inizio della presente Informativa sulla privacy.
9. DIRITTI DEGLI UTENTI RESIDENTI NELL'UE
Se siete residenti nell'UE avete determinati diritti rispetto alle informazioni che conserviamo su di voi, tra cui:
il diritto di essere informati sulle modalità da noi adottate nell'utilizzo delle vostre informazioni, che è l'obiettivo della presente Informativa sulla privacy;
il diritto di chiederci di non trattare i vostri dati personali per finalità di commercializzazione;
il diritto di richiedere l'accesso alle informazioni che conserviamo su di voi;
il diritto di richiedere la correzione o la rettifica di qualsiasi informazione su di voi in nostro possesso che risulti obsoleta o inesatta;
il diritto, in determinate circostanze, di chiederci di interrompere il trattamento delle informazioni su di voi; e
il diritto di presentare un reclamo contro di noi presso l'Information Commissioner’s Office del Regno Unito (https.//ico.org.uk/).
Si prega di notare che potremmo dover conservare alcune informazioni per la tenuta dei nostri registri e a scopo di ricerca. Potremmo inoltre avere bisogno di inviarvi comunicazioni relative al servizio che riguardano il vostro account utente sul sito web anche laddove abbiate richiesto di non ricevere comunicazioni commerciali.
In conformità del Regolamento (UE) 2016/679, recante “Regolamento Generale sulla Protezione dei Dati” (RGPD), in vigore dal 25 maggio 2018, e delle prescrizione di legge e regolamentari applicabili potete godere di alcuni diritti supplementari riguardanti il trattamento delle vostre informazioni in nostro possesso, tra cui:
oltre al vostro diritto di presentare un reclamo contro di noi presso l'Information Commissioner’s Office del Regno Unito (https.//ico.org.uk/), anche il diritto di proporre reclamo alla competente autorità del paese in cui lavorate o risiedete;
il diritto di revocare il vostro consenso all'utilizzo da parte nostra delle vostre informazioni, comunicandoci tale revoca direttamente ai recapiti forniti all'inizio della presente Informativa sulla privacy;
il diritto di opporvi all'utilizzo da parte nostra delle vostre informazioni sulla base dei nostri interessi legittimi, poiché vi sono elementi riguardo alla vostra situazione particolare che vi inducono a decidere di opporvi al trattamento su tale base;
il diritto di ricevere, in determinate circostanze, una copia di qualsiasi informazione su di voi in nostro possesso (o di richiedere di trasferire tali informazioni a un altro fornitore di servizi) in un formato strutturato e di uso comune, o comunque leggibile da dispositivi automatici; e
il diritto di chiederci di limitare o cessare il trattamento o di cancellare le informazioni su di voi in nostro possesso in determinate circostanze.
Potete esercitare i diritti sopra elencati contattandoci ai recapiti indicati al paragrafo 2 della presente Informativa sulla privacy oppure, per non ricevere più notifiche push, potete aggiornare le vostre preferenze tramite le impostazioni del vostro dispositivo.
10. LINK A SOGGETTI TERZI
La nostra App può contenere link a siti web, plug-in e app di soggetti terzi. Facendo clic su tali link o consentendo tali collegamenti è possibile che si autorizzino soggetti terzi a raccogliere o condividere dati su di voi. Tali siti web, plug-in e app di soggetti terzi sono fuori dal nostro controllo e non siamo responsabili delle loro politiche sulla privacy. Vi invitiamo a leggere l'informativa sulla privacy di ogni sito terzo che visitate ogniqualvolta uscite dal nostro sito web.
11. CHE TIPO DI INFORMAZIONI RACCOGLIAMO SUI MINORI?
Qualora un utente indichi di essere un minore mentre tenta di effettuare l'accesso alla nostra App, tale minore verrà da noi indirizzato verso un'esperienza diversa all'interno della nostra App che gli permetta di utilizzare i nostri servizi come qualsiasi altro utente, ma che non consenta la raccolta di ulteriori informazioni personali (come stabilito ai sensi della normativa COPPA).
Nel momento in cui un utente si identifica come minore, raccogliamo solo un sottoinsieme di informazioni personali, tra cui nome utente e identificativi unici. I minori possono usare la nostra App, visualizzare i contenuti e utilizzare molte funzionalità senza che siano raccolte informazioni personali (così come stabilito dalla normativa COPPA).
12. RESPONSABILE DELLA PROTEZIONE DEI DATI
Qualora desideriate contattare il nostro Responsabile della Protezione dei Dati, potete farlo ai seguenti recapiti:
The Pokémon Company
Alla cortese attenzione di: Responsabile della Protezione dei Dati
Indirizzo: Roppongi Hills Mori Tower 8F
6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku
Tokyo 106-6108 Giappone
13. VARIAZIONI ALLA PRESENTE INFORMATIVA SULLA PRIVACY E OBBLIGO DA PARTE VOSTRA DI INFORMARCI RIGUARDO A EVENTUALI VARIAZIONI
Possiamo modificare la presente Informativa sulla privacy in qualsiasi momento cambiando la data relativa all'ultimo aggiornamento. Qualora apportassimo variazioni sostanziali alle modalità con le quali raccogliamo, utilizziamo o condividiamo le vostre informazioni personali, forniremo una descrizione di tali variazioni e, se richiesto dalla legge, chiederemo il vostro consenso a tali variazioni.
È importante che i vostri dati personali in nostro possesso siano precisi e aggiornati. Vi preghiamo di informarci qualora vi siano variazioni dei vostri dati personali nel corso del nostro rapporto aggiornando le informazioni contenute nell'account del vostro profilo o contattandoci ai recapiti indicati all'inizio della presente Informativa sulla privacy. La presente Informativa sulla privacy è stata aggiornata in data 27 giugno 2018
*Asia
Repubblica dell'India
Repubblica di Indonesia
Repubblica di Singapore
Regno di Thailandia
Repubblica islamica del Pakistan
Repubblica delle Filippine
Brunei Darussalam
Repubblica Socialista del Vietnam
Malesia
Repubblica popolare cinese (Hong Kong)
Repubblica popolare cinese (Macao)
Taiwan
Giappone
Corea del Sud
DATENSCHUTZERKLÄRUNG VON THE POKÉMON COMPANY FÜR POKÉMON QUEST
Für Nutzer außerhalb Asiens* (siehe die unten in dieser Erklärung aufgeführte Liste der Länder in Asien).
1. EINFÜHRUNG
Diese Datenschutzerklärung (
Datenschutzerklärung
) beschreibt, wie wir, The Pokémon Company, und unsere Tochtergesellschaften Pokémon Center Co., Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc., und Pokémon Korea, Inc., Ihre persönlichen Daten (Ihre personenbezogenen Daten) in Verbindung mit Pokémon Quest (
unsere App
) erfassen und verwenden. Außerdem wird erläutert, über welche Rechte Sie verfügen, um auf Ihre persönlichen Daten zuzugreifen oder diese zu ändern.
2. ÜBER UNS
The Pokémon Company ist ein in Japan unter der in Absatz 12 angegebenen Anschrift eingetragenes Unternehmen.
Sie können sich wie folgt mit uns in Verbindung setzen:
The Pokémon Company International, Inc.
Pokémon Quest
Anschrift: 10400 NE 4th Street, Suite 2800
Bellevue, WA 98004 USA
E-Mail: privacyquestions@pokemon.com
3. DATEN, DIE WIR VON IHNEN ERFASSEN
Daten, die Sie uns übermitteln.
Wir erfassen alle Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, wenn Sie:
auf bestimmte Funktionen in unserer App zugreifen, die persönliche Daten benötigen;
sich über unsere App in einem sozialen Netzwerk anmelden und Daten austauschen, wenn Sie über 13 Jahre alt sind;
eine Anfrage stellen, Feedback geben oder eine Beschwerde per E-Mail oder über unsere Kundensupport-Seite einreichen und
Korrespondenz per Post, E-Mail oder über unsere Kundensupport-Seite an uns richten.
Die Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer App zur Verfügung stellen, umfassen (je nach Gegebenheiten):
Daten über Ihre Identität:
Land, in dem Sie sich befinden, sowie Geburtsmonat und -jahr; und
Daten über Ihr Spielerprofil
: Sie können auch einen Benutzernamen, eine Transfer-/Backup-ID (damit Sie Ihre Profildaten auf ein neues Gerät übertragen können) und Spracheinstellungen bereitstellen.
Daten, die wir von Ihnen erfassen:
Transaktionsdaten
: Wir erfassen Daten über Ihre Käufe in der App, einschließlich Datum und Uhrzeit, in Rechnung gestellter Beträge und anderer damit zusammenhängender Transaktionseinzelheiten;
In Korrespondenz enthaltene Daten
: Wir erfassen alle Daten, die in Korrespondenz mit uns enthalten sind. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel mit unserem Kundensupport Kontakt aufnehmen, dokumentieren wir diese Korrespondenz;
Technische Daten
: Wir erfassen auch bestimmte Daten darüber, wie Sie unsere App und das Gerät, mit dem Sie auf unsere App zugreifen, verwenden, auch wenn Sie noch kein Konto erstellt haben oder eingeloggt sind. Dies kann Ihren geografischen Standort, Geräteinformationen (z. B. Ihr Hardware-Modell, Informationen zum Betriebssystem, eindeutige Gerätekennung), Werbe-ID (in Apps, die Werbung zeigen), eindeutige Spieler-Kennungen wie Transfer-/Backup-ID und Schlüssel, Spieler-ID, Spielerschlüssel, Zugangsschlüssel, die von Ihrem Browser übermittelten Daten (z. B. Ihre IP-Adresse, Zeitzoneneinstellungen, Zugangsstatus-/HTTP-Statuscodes, Spracheinstellungen, Verweisquelle der Zeitzoneneinstellungen), Daten über Ihre Interaktionen mit der App, einschließlich Daten mit Zeit- und Datumsstempel, wie Seitenaufrufe, Anfragen, Anzahl der Sitzungen, Anzahl der Downloads, Spielfortschritt des Nutzers und spielbezogene Daten, Dauer der Nutzung der App, Tastenanschläge und ähnliche Daten, umfassen. Diese Daten können von einem Drittanbieter von Analysediensten in unserem Namen oder unter Verwendung von Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien erfasst werden. Weitere Informationen zu Cookies erhalten Sie unten in Abschnitt 6;
App-Berechtigungen
: Wir können auch die Berechtigung für den Zugriff auf Apps und bestimmte Funktionen auf Ihrem Gerät anfordern. Unsere App kann den Zugang zu GPS anfordern, wenn Sie mit der Erfassung von Standortinformationen einverstanden sind. Wir können auch den Zugriff auf die Fotofunktionen Ihres Geräts anfordern, wenn Sie einen Screenshot von einem Bildschirm des Spiels in einem Fotoalbum speichern möchten.
4. UNSERE NUTZUNG UND EMPFÄNGER IHRER DATEN
Wir nutzen Ihre Daten für die unten aufgeführten Zwecke auf folgender Grundlage:
Erfüllung Ihres Vertrags mit uns und Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen an Sie;
Ihre Einwilligung (in den Fällen, in denen wir diese anfordern);
gesetzliche oder behördliche Verpflichtungen, denen wir nachkommen müssen oder
unsere berechtigten Interessen.
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten auf der vorstehenden Grundlage (siehe Absatz 4.1) für unsere berechtigten geschäftlichen Interessen, einschließlich der folgenden Zwecke:
für den Zugang zu unserer App
: um Ihnen einen bequemen und optimalen Zugang zu unserer App mit personalisierten Inhalten, die für Sie relevant sind und eine Aufzeichnung Ihres Spiels innerhalb der App zu ermöglichen;
für den Zugriff auf bestimmte App-Funktionen
: um Ihnen den Zugriff auf Funktionen wie die Integration sozialer Netzwerke, In-App-Käufe und Gameplay zu ermöglichen;
für die Möglichkeit, miteinander zu spielen
: Wir nutzen die von Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellten Daten (z. B. Ihren Benutzernamen und die Spracheinstellungen), um es Ihnen zu ermöglichen, miteinander zu spielen;
für die Verarbeitung und Vereinfachung von Transaktionen zwischen uns
: Wir verwenden Ihre Daten zur Verarbeitung von Transaktionen und Zahlungen sowie zur Eintreibung der uns von Ihnen geschuldeten Beträge;
für den Nutzer- und Kundensupport
: um Kundenservice und -support zu bieten, Anfragen oder Beschwerden zu unserer App zu bearbeiten und Ihre Daten gemeinsam mit unseren App-Entwicklern, Anbietern von IT-Support und Zahlungsdienstleistern zu nutzen, soweit dies für den Kundensupport erforderlich ist;
für die Übermittlung von Push-Benachrichtigungen
: um Ihnen Push-Benachrichtigungen über Ihre Nutzung der App, unsere Neuigkeiten, Veranstaltungen, neue App-Funktionen, Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu senden, von denen wir glauben, dass sie für Sie von Interesse sein könnten, unter der Voraussetzung, dass Sie uns die erforderliche Erlaubnis dafür erteilt haben;
für Analysen
: zur Nutzung von Datenanalysen, um unsere App, Produkte/Dienstleistungen, Marketing, Kundenbeziehungen und -erfahrungen zu verbessern;
zur Aufdeckung und Verhütung von Betrug und illegalen Aktivitäten
: zum Schutz vor, zur Untersuchung von und zur Abschreckung betrügerischer, unerlaubter oder illegaler Aktivitäten, einschließlich Identitätsbetrug; zum Schutz der Rechte und des Eigentums von Pokémon, unseren Vertretern, Kunden und anderen, einschließlich Durchsetzung unserer Geschäftsbedingungen, von Richtlinien, Vorschriften und Vereinbarungen; zum Schutz der Sicherheit einer jeden Person bzw. zum Schutz der Sicherheit der Dienste, Websites und Anwendungen von Pokémon und unseren Partnern; und
zur Einhaltung von Richtlinien, Verfahren und Gesetzen
: um es uns zu ermöglichen, unsere Richtlinien und Verfahren einzuhalten und unsere gesetzlichen Rechte durchzusetzen oder Ihre Daten an unsere technischen und juristischen Berater weiterzugeben und Gesetze einzuhalten oder auf rechtmäßige Anfragen und rechtliche Verfahren zu reagieren, einschließlich beispielsweise der Einhaltung eines Gerichtsbeschlusses oder einer Vorladung.
Wenn Sie sich in der EU befinden und Bedenken bezüglich unserer Datenverarbeitung haben, lesen Sie bitte die Ausführungen unter „Rechte von Nutzern in der EU“ in Abschnitt 9 weiter unten.
5. AN WEN WIR IHRE DATEN WEITERGEBEN KÖNNTEN
Im Zusammenhang mit den oben genannten Zwecken und aus rechtlichen Gründen werden wir Ihre Daten gegebenenfalls an Dritte weitergeben, zum Beispiel an:
App-Nutzer, mit denen Sie spielen
: andere App-Nutzer, gegen die oder mit denen Sie spielen, die sich innerhalb oder außerhalb der EU befinden;
unsere Dienstleister
: Drittanbieter, Berater und andere Dienstleister, die für uns arbeiten und auf Ihre persönlichen Daten zugreifen, um diese Arbeit zu verrichten;
Konzerngesellschaften
: The Pokémon Center Co., Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc., und Pokémon Korea, Inc., mit Sitz in Japan, im Vereinigten Königreich, in den USA und Südkorea;
potenzielle Verkäufer und Käufer unseres Unternehmens
: in Zusammenhang mit oder während der Verhandlung von Fusionen, Finanzierungen, Übernahmen, Konkurs, Auflösung, Transaktionen oder Verfahren, die den Verkauf, die Übertragung, die Veräußerung oder die Offenlegung aller oder eines Teils unserer Geschäfte oder Vermögenswerte zum Gegenstand haben;
andere Dritte (einschließlich professioneller Berater)
: alle anderen Dritten (einschließlich Rechts- oder sonstiger Berater, Aufsichtsbehörden, Gerichte, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Regierungsstellen) im Vereinigten Königreich, in den USA, in Japan oder anderen Ländern, um es uns zu ermöglichen, unsere gesetzlichen Rechte durchzusetzen oder die Rechte, das Eigentum oder die Sicherheit unserer Mitarbeiter zu schützen, oder wo eine solche Offenlegung gesetzlich zulässig oder erforderlich ist.
6. COOKIES UND TRACKING
Wir und andere verwenden Cookies, Web-Beacons, Geräte-IDs und andere Tracking-Technologien, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie unsere App optimal nutzen können. Cookies sind kleine Datenpakete in Form von Textdateien, die wir auf dem Gerät speichern, mit dem Sie auf unsere App zugreifen. Cookies und andere Tracking-Technologien wie Geräte-IDs ermöglichen es uns und anderen, Ihre Nutzung der Software zu beobachten, die Nutzung unserer App zu vereinfachen und uns und anderen dabei zu helfen, Ihre Aktivitäten über Websites, Browser und mobile Geräte, die Sie verwenden, für Werbezwecke zu verknüpfen.
Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert werden, können Sie die Einstellungen auf Ihrem Gerät ändern, um Cookies zu blockieren. Weitere Informationen zum Blockieren von Cookies in Ihren Einstellungen finden Sie unter http://www.aboutcookies.org. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie möglicherweise nicht mehr alle Funktionen unserer App nutzen können, wenn Sie in Ihren Browsereinstellungen festlegen, dass Cookies blockiert werden sollen. Da bestimmte Opt-out-Einstellungen auch in einem Cookie auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert werden (z. B. Opt-outs von Werbeunternehmen), beachten Sie bitte, dass Sie, wenn Sie alle Cookies löschen, Ihre Opt-out-Einstellungen erneut vornehmen müssen. Einige Internetbrowser übermitteln DNT-Signale (DNT – Do Not Track, nicht verfolgen). Da keine einheitlichen Normen für DNT-Signale existieren, kann es sein, dass unsere App die DNT-Signale nicht kennt oder verarbeitet.
Unsere Website kann Inhalte oder Links zu anderen Sites enthalten, die von Drittanbietern betrieben werden und ebenfalls Cookies und andere Tracking-Technologien verwenden. Wir haben keine Kontrolle über diese Websites von Drittanbietern oder ihre Tracking-Aktivitäten und diese Datenschutzerklärung ist darauf nicht anwendbar. Bitte lesen Sie die Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen und die Datenschutzhinweise der jeweiligen Drittanbieter-Website, um herauszufinden, wie diese Ihre Daten erfasst und verwendet, und um festzustellen, ob und zu welchem Zweck sie Cookies verwendet.
7. WIE WIR MIT IHREN DATEN UMGEHEN UND WIE LANGE WIR SIE SPEICHERN
Wir setzen geeignete technische und betriebliche Sicherheitsmaßnahmen ein, um Ihre Daten vor unberechtigtem Zugriff oder unrechtmäßiger Verwendung zu schützen.
Wir speichern Ihre Daten so lange, wie es angemessen ist, um Ihnen die von Ihnen angeforderten Dienstleistungen zu erbringen, oder so lange, wie wir die Daten für unsere rechtmäßigen Geschäftszwecke, z. B. für die Einhaltung gesetzlicher Bestimmungen und die Durchsetzung von Vorschriften und zur Beilegung von Streitigkeiten, benötigen. Die tatsächliche Speicherdauer hängt von einer Vielzahl von Faktoren ab, wie der Art des Produkts, der Art und Sensibilität der Daten, den Geschäftsanforderungen, den Erwartungen und Bedürfnissen der Kunden, der Art der verfügbaren Benutzerkontrollen und der Form, in der die Daten gespeichert werden.
8. INTERNATIONALE WEITERGABE IHRER DATEN
Unser Unternehmen hat seinen Sitz in Japan und Ihre von uns erfassten persönlichen Daten werden überwiegend in Irland, Japan und in den USA gespeichert. Dies umfasst eine Datenübermittlung außerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR).
Wenn wir Ihre persönlichen Daten von innerhalb des EWR in ein Land außerhalb des EWR übertragen, gewährleisten wir ein ähnliches Maß an Sicherheit, indem mindestens eine der folgenden Übertragungslösungen angewendet wird:
Wenn wir bestimmte Dienstleister in Anspruch nehmen, können wir spezielle, von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigte Verträge verwenden, die personenbezogenen Daten denselben Schutz wie in Europa gewähren. Weitere Informationen über Musterverträge der Europäischen Kommission für die Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten an Drittländer; und
Wenn wir Anbieter mit Sitz in den USA nutzen, können wir Daten an diese weitergeben, wenn sie Teil des Privacy Shield (EU-US-Datenschutzschild) sind, der einen ähnlichen Schutz für die zwischen Europa und den USA ausgetauschten personenbezogenen Daten verlangt. Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie unter Europäische Kommission: EU-US Privacy Shield (nur auf Englisch verfügbar).
Bitte setzen Sie sich mit uns über die Kontaktdaten oben in dieser Datenschutzerklärung in Verbindung, wenn Sie weitere Informationen über den spezifischen, von uns genutzten Mechanismus wünschen, den wir bei der Übertragung Ihrer persönlichen Daten außerhalb des EWR verwenden.
9. RECHTE VON NUTZERN IN DER EU
Wenn Sie sich in der EU befinden, verfügen Sie über bestimmte Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre Daten, die wir gespeichert haben, einschließlich:
des Rechts, über die Art und Weise der Nutzung Ihrer Daten informiert zu werden, wie wir es in dieser Datenschutzerklärung anstreben;
des Rechts, uns aufzufordern, Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht für Marketingzwecke zu verarbeiten;
des Rechts, Zugang zu Ihren Daten, die wir speichern, anzufordern;
des Rechts, von uns zu verlangen, dass wir veraltete oder falsche Daten über Sie berichtigen;
des Rechts, uns unter bestimmten Umständen aufzufordern, die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten einzustellen; und
des Rechts, eine Beschwerde über uns beim britischen Datenschutzbeauftragten (UK Information Commissioner's Office: https://ico.org.uk/) einzureichen.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir bestimmte Daten für unsere eigenen Dokumentations- und Recherchezwecke speichern müssen. Wir können Ihnen ebenfalls dienstleistungsbezogene Mitteilungen in Bezug auf Ihr Website-Benutzerkonto übermitteln, selbst wenn Sie keine Marketingmitteilungen erhalten möchten.
In Übereinstimmung mit dem neuen Datenschutzrecht, das ab dem 25. Mai 2018 in Kraft ist, haben Sie bestimmte zusätzliche Rechte in Bezug auf die Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben, unter anderem:
zusätzlich zu Ihrem Recht, eine Beschwerde über uns beim britischen Datenschutzbeauftragten (UK Information Commissioner's Office: https://ico.org.uk/) einzureichen, können Sie auch eine Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Behörde in Ihrem Beschäftigungs- oder Aufenthaltsland einreichen;
das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung zur Nutzung Ihrer Daten im Vertrauen auf Ihre Einwilligung zu widerrufen. Dies können Sie tun, indem Sie sich mit uns unter Verwendung der oben in dieser Datenschutzerklärung aufgeführten Kontaktdaten in Verbindung setzen;
das Recht, der Nutzung Ihrer Daten auf der Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen oder einer Änderung Ihrer persönlichen Situation, die Sie dazu veranlasst, die Verarbeitung aus diesem Grund abzulehnen, zu widersprechen;
das Recht, eine Kopie aller Ihrer Daten, die wir gespeichert haben, in einem strukturierten, allgemein gebräuchlichen, maschinenlesbaren Format unter bestimmten Umständen zu erhalten (oder zu verlangen, dass wir diese an einen anderen Dienstanbieter weitergeben); und
das Recht, uns unter bestimmten Umständen aufzufordern, die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten einzustellen oder zu begrenzen oder Ihre Daten zu löschen.
Sie können Ihre oben genannten Rechte ausüben, indem Sie uns unter Verwendung der Angaben in Absatz 2 dieser Datenschutzerklärung kontaktieren. Wenn Sie keine Push-Benachrichtigungen mehr erhalten möchten, können Sie die Einstellungen auf Ihrem Gerät ändern.
10. DRITTANBIETER-LINKS
Unsere App kann Links zu Websites, Plug-ins oder Apps von Drittanbietern enthalten. Das Anklicken dieser Links oder das Aktivieren dieser Verbindungen kann es Drittanbietern ermöglichen, Daten über Sie zu erfassen oder weiterzugeben. Wir haben keine Kontrolle über diese Websites, Plug-ins und Apps von Drittanbietern und sind nicht verantwortlich für deren Datenschutzerklärungen. Wenn Sie unsere Website verlassen, empfehlen wir Ihnen, die Datenschutzerklärung jedes Drittanbieters zu lesen, den Sie besuchen.
11. WELCHE ARTEN VON DATEN ERFASSEN WIR ÜBER KINDER?
Wenn ein Nutzer bei der Verwendung unserer App angegeben hat, dass er ein Kind ist, leiten wir das Kind auf eine andere Erfahrung innerhalb unserer App, die es dem Kind ermöglicht, unsere App wie jeder andere Benutzer zu verwenden, ohne dass dabei zusätzliche persönliche Daten (wie im US-amerikanischen Gesetz zum Schutz der Privatsphäre von Kindern im Internet, COPPA, festgelegt) erfasst werden.
Wir erfassen nur eine Teilmenge der oben genannten personenbezogenen Daten, wenn ein Nutzer sich als Kind identifiziert, wozu der Benutzername und die eindeutigen Kennungen gehören. Kinder können unsere App verwenden, Inhalte einsehen und viele Funktionen nutzen, ohne dass dabei personenbezogene Daten erfasst werden (wie im US-amerikanischen Gesetz COPPA festgelegt).
12. DATENSCHUTZBEAUFTRAGTER
Wenn Sie sich mit unserem Datenschutzbeauftragten in Verbindung setzen möchten, verwenden Sie bitte die folgenden Kontaktdaten:
The Pokémon Company
Data Protection Officer
Anschrift: Roppongi Hills Mori Tower 8F
6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku
Tokio 106-6108 Japan
13. ÄNDERUNGEN DIESER DATENSCHUTZERKLÄRUNG UND IHRE PFLICHT, UNS ÜBER ÄNDERUNGEN ZU INFORMIEREN
Wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung jederzeit ändern, indem wir das Datum der letzten Aktualisierung ändern. Wenn wir wesentliche Änderungen an der Art und Weise vornehmen, wie wir Ihre persönlichen Daten erfassen, verwenden oder weitergeben, werden wir die Änderungen beschreiben und, falls gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, Ihre Zustimmung zu diesen Änderungen einholen.
Es ist von großer Bedeutung, dass die persönlichen Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben, aktuell und richtig sind. Bitte informieren Sie uns, wenn sich Ihre persönlichen Daten während Ihrer Beziehung zu uns ändern, indem Sie Ihre Profilkontoinformationen aktualisieren oder sich mit uns über die oben in dieser Datenschutzerklärung aufgeführten Kontaktdaten in Verbindung setzen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung wurde am 27. Juni 2018 aktualisiert.
*Asien
Republik Indien
Republik Indonesien
Republik Singapur
Königreich Thailand
Islamische Republik Pakistan
Republik der Philippinen
Sultanat Brunei Darussalam
Sozialistische Republik Vietnam
Malaysia
Volksrepublik China (Hongkong)
Volksrepublik China (Macau)
Taiwan
Japan
Südkorea
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD DE THE POKÉMON COMPANY RELATIVA A POKÉMON QUEST
Para usuarios fuera de Asia* (véase al final de la política la lista de países de Asia).
1. INTRODUCCIÓN
Esta política de privacidad (
«la Política de privacidad»
) describe cómo recopilamos y utilizamos The Pokémon Company y sus filiales Pokémon Center Co., Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc. y Pokémon Korea, Inc. sus datos personales («su información personal») en relación con Pokémon Quest (
«nuestra Aplicación»
). Además describe, entre otros, los derechos de acceso y rectificación de sus datos personales de los que usted dispone.
2. SOBRE NOSOTROS
The Pokémon Company es una empresa japonesa, cuyo domicilio social se indica más adelante en la Cláusula 12.
Para ponerse en contacto con nosotros, utilice las siguientes direcciones:
The Pokémon Company International, Inc.
A/a: Pokémon Quest
Dirección postal: 10400 NE 4th Street, Suite 2800
Bellevue, WA 98004 EE. UU.
Correo electrónico: privacyquestions@pokemon.com
3. QUÉ INFORMACIÓN RECOPILAMOS SOBRE USTED
La información que usted nos proporciona.
Recopilaremos cualquier información que usted nos proporcione:
al acceder a ciertas características o funciones de nuestra Aplicación que requieren información personal;
al conectarse y compartir en una red social a través de nuestra Aplicación, si es usted mayor de 13 años
al formular una consulta, una opinión o una reclamación por correo electrónico o a través de nuestro servicio de atención al cliente; y
al enviarnos correspondencia por correo postal, por correo electrónico o a través de nuestro servicio de atención al cliente.
La información que nos proporcione al utilizar nuestra Aplicación incluirá (según las circunstancias) la siguiente:
Datos de identidad
. El país en el que se encuentra, así como su mes y año de nacimiento.
Datos de perfil del jugador
. También podrá proporcionarnos un nombre de usuario, un identificador de transferencia/copia de seguridad (con el que podrá transferir los datos de su perfil a un nuevo dispositivo) y sus preferencias de idioma.
Información que recopilamos sobre usted.
Datos de compra
. Recopilaremos información relacionada con sus operaciones de compra a través de nuestra Aplicación, como la fecha y la hora, los importes facturados y otros detalles de la operación.
Información incluida en la correspondencia
. Recopilaremos cualquier información incluida en cualquier correspondencia que mantenga con nosotros. Por ejemplo, cuando usted se pone en contacto con nosotros para solicitar los servicios de atención al cliente, mantenemos un registro de dicha correspondencia.
Datos técnicos
. Además, recopilaremos cierta información sobre el uso que usted haga de nuestra Aplicación y sobre el dispositivo que utilice para acceder a ella, aun cuando no haya creado una cuenta ni se haya conectado. Dicha información puede incluir su ubicación geográfica, datos sobre el dispositivo (como el modelo del aparato, información sobre el sistema operativo, o los identificadores de dispositivo únicos), el identificador publicitario (de las aplicaciones que incluyan publicidad), los identificadores únicos de los jugadores, como el identificador y la clave de transferencia/copia seguridad, el identificador y la clave del jugador, la clave de acceso, los datos enviados a través de su navegador (como su dirección IP, sus ajustes de zona horaria, el estado de acceso/código de estado HTTP, los ajustes de idioma, la fuente de referencia de los ajustes de zona horaria), información sobre su interacción con la Aplicación (que incluye información con un registro de fecha y hora, como las visitas a páginas concretas, las solicitudes, el número de sesiones, el número de descargas, el avance en el juego del usuario y datos relativos al juego, la duración de la visita a la Aplicación, el registro de las teclas pulsadas e información similar). Es posible que esta información sea recopilada por un proveedor de servicios analíticos externo en nuestro nombre o mediante cookies o tecnologías similares. Si desea más información sobre el uso de cookies, lea la Cláusula 6 indicada más adelante.
Permisos de la Aplicación
. También es posible que solicitemos permiso para acceder a aplicaciones y a determinadas funciones de su dispositivo. Nuestra Aplicación podrá solicitar acceso al GPS cuando usted nos autorice a recopilar sus datos de geolocalización. Además, si desea guardar una captura de pantalla del juego en su álbum de fotos, es posible que solicitemos acceder a las funciones de fotos de su dispositivo.
4. CÓMO UTILIZAMOS SU INFORMACIÓN Y QUIÉNES SON LOS DESTINATARIOS DE DICHA INFORMACIÓN
Utilizaremos su información para los fines que se enumeran más adelante, en función de la siguiente base legal:
la ejecución de nuestro contrato con usted y la prestación de nuestros servicios;
su consentimiento (cuando lo solicitemos);
la necesidad de cumplir con una obligación legal o normativa; o
nuestros intereses legítimos.
Utilizamos su información en los anteriores supuestos (véase el apartado 4.1) y con fines comerciales legítimos, que incluyen los siguientes:
Dar acceso a nuestra Aplicación
. Para proporcionarle acceso a nuestra Aplicación de manera cómoda y óptima, ofrecerle contenidos relevantes para usted y permitirle llevar un registro de su partida en la Aplicación.
Dar acceso a ciertas funciones de la Aplicación
. Para que usted pueda acceder a funciones como la integración de las redes sociales, las compras dentro de la Aplicación y el juego.
Permitir jugar con otras personas
. Utilizaremos la información que nos proporcione (como su nombre de usuario y sus ajustes de idioma) para que pueda jugar con otros jugadores.
Procesar y facilitar las transacciones con nosotros
. Utilizaremos su información personal para procesar las transacciones y los pagos, y para cobrar el dinero que se nos deba.
Dar atención al usuario y al cliente
. Para brindar atención y asistencia al cliente, gestionar las consultas y las quejas en relación con nuestra Aplicación y compartir su información personal con los desarrolladores de nuestra Aplicación, el proveedor de soporte informático y el proveedor de servicios de pago, siempre que sea necesario para prestar el servicio de atención al cliente.
Enviar notificaciones automáticas
. Para enviarle notificaciones automáticas sobre el uso que hace de nuestra Aplicación, nuestras noticias, eventos, nuevas funciones de la Aplicación, productos o servicios que creemos que pueden interesarle, siempre que usted nos haya dado su permiso para hacerlo.
Elaborar análisis
. Para realizar un análisis de datos que nos permita mejorar nuestra Aplicación, productos o servicios, marketing, relaciones y atención al cliente.
Detectar y prevenir fraudes y actividades ilícitas
. Para proteger, investigar y evitar actividades fraudulentas, no autorizadas o ilegales, incluyendo, entre otras, el robo de identidad; proteger los derechos y la propiedad de Pokémon, nuestros agentes, nuestros clientes y otras personas, y especialmente para aplicar nuestras condiciones, políticas, reglamentos y acuerdos; proteger la seguridad de cualquier persona; o proteger la seguridad de Pokémon y de nuestros socios, servicios, sitios webs y aplicaciones.
Respetar políticas, procedimientos y leyes
. Para poder cumplir con nuestras políticas y procedimientos y hacer valer nuestros derechos legales, o compartir su información con nuestros asesores técnicos y jurídicos, así como cumplir con la ley, o responder a solicitudes legítimas y procesos legales, especialmente para, por ejemplo, cumplir con una orden o citación judicial.
Si se encuentra en la UE y le preocupa nuestro tratamiento de la información, consulte la Cláusula 9: «Derechos de los usuarios dentro de la UE».
5. CON QUIÉN PODEMOS COMPARTIR SU INFORMACIÓN
Cuando sea pertinente, en relación con los fines y con los motivos legítimos antes mencionados, compartiremos su información personal con las siguientes terceras personas:
Usuarios de la Aplicación con los que juegue
. Otros usuarios de la Aplicación con los que juegue o compita, que estén tanto dentro como fuera de la UE.
Nuestros proveedores de servicios
. Proveedores externos, consultores y otros proveedores de servicios que trabajen para nosotros y accedan a su información personal para desempeñar su trabajo.
Filiales
. The Pokémon Center Co., Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc. y Pokémon Korea, Inc., con sede en Japón, el Reino Unido, EE. UU. y Corea del Sur.
Posibles compradores de nuestro negocio
. En relación con o durante la negociación de cualquier fusión, financiación, adquisición, concurso de acreedores, disolución, transacción o procedimiento que implique la venta, cesión, desinversión o revelación de una parte o de la totalidad de nuestra empresa o activos.
Otras terceras personas (incluidos los asesores profesionales)
Cualquier otra tercera persona (incluidos asesores jurídicos o de otro tipo, autoridades reguladoras, tribunales, fuerzas o cuerpos de seguridad y organismos públicos) establecida en el Reino Unido, EE. UU., Japón u otros países, a fin de hacer valer nuestros derechos legales, o de proteger los derechos, la propiedad o la seguridad de nuestros empleados, o cuando dicha revelación esté permitida por la ley.
6. COOKIES Y SEGUIMIENTO
Tanto nosotros como otras terceras personas utilizamos cookies, balizas webs, identificadores de dispositivos y otros mecanismos de seguimiento para que usted pueda sacarle el máximo partido a nuestra Aplicación. Las cookies son pequeños volúmenes de información en forma de archivos de texto que instalamos en el dispositivo que usted utiliza para acceder a nuestra Aplicación. Las cookies, así como otros mecanismos de seguimiento como los identificadores de dispositivos, nos permiten a nosotros y a terceros vigilar el uso que usted hace del software para que le resulte más sencillo utilizar la Aplicación; además, nos ayudan a nosotros y a terceros a relacionar sus actividades en sitios web, en sus navegadores y dispositivos móviles, con fines publicitarios.
Si no quiere que se instalen cookies en su dispositivo, puede modificar los ajustes de configuración para que su dispositivo las rechace. Si desea más información sobre cómo configurar los ajustes para bloquear las cookies, visite http.//www.aboutcookies.org (en inglés). Tenga en cuenta que si configura su navegador de internet para que bloquee las cookies, es posible que no pueda acceder a todas las funciones de nuestra Aplicación. Dado que ciertas preferencias de bloqueo también se almacenan en una cookie instalada en su dispositivo (como la opción de bloquear el envío de publicidad), tenga en cuenta que si elimina todas las cookies, deberá volver a activar las opciones de bloqueo. Algunos navegadores de internet pueden enviar un mensaje pidiendo que no se le rastree. Dado que no se han adoptado criterios uniformes para este tipo de mensajes, es posible que nuestra Aplicación no los detecte o no los procese.
Nuestro sitio web puede incluir contenidos y enlaces a otros sitios web explotados por terceros que también pueden utilizar cookies y otros mecanismos de seguimiento. Nosotros no controlamos esos sitios de terceros ni sus actividades de seguimiento, y esta Política de privacidad no se les aplica. Consulte los términos y condiciones de la política de privacidad del sitio del tercero pertinente para averiguar cómo recopila y utiliza su información dicho sitio, y determinar si utiliza cookies y con qué finalidad.
7. CÓMO CUIDAMOS DE SU INFORMACIÓN Y DURANTE CUÁNTO TIEMPO LA CONSERVAMOS
Aplicamos las medidas de seguridad tecnológicas y operativas apropiadas para proteger su información contra un acceso no autorizado o un uso ilegítimo.
Conservaremos su información tanto tiempo como sea conveniente para prestarle los servicios que nos haya solicitado, o tanto tiempo como sea razonablemente necesario para nuestros fines comerciales legítimos, así como a efectos de aplicación y de cumplimiento de la ley, o para resolver conflictos. Los periodos de conservación reales dependen de diversos factores, como el tipo de producto, el tipo y la sensibilidad de los datos, las necesidades comerciales, las expectativas y necesidades del cliente, los tipos de controles al alcance del usuario, y la forma en la que se almacenan los datos.
8. TRANSFERENCIAS INTERNACIONALES DE SU INFORMACIÓN
Nuestra empresa está ubicada en Japón y la información personal que recopilamos sobre usted se almacenará principalmente en Irlanda, Japón y EE. UU. Ello implicará la transmisión de datos fuera del EEE.
Siempre que transferimos sus datos personales desde dentro del EEE hacia fuera de este, garantizamos la presencia de un grado de protección similar al asegurarnos de que se aplica al menos una de las siguientes soluciones de transferencia:
Cuando recurrimos a ciertos proveedores de servicios, podemos utilizar contratos específicos aprobados por la Comisión Europea por los que se brinda a los datos personales la misma protección que la que tienen en Europa. Para obtener más información, consulte Contratos tipo de la Comisión Europea para la transmisión de datos personales a terceros países (en inglés); y
Cuando recurrimos a proveedores ubicados en EE. UU., podemos enviarles los datos siempre que formen parte del Escudo de Privacidad (Privacy Shield), que les exige brindar una protección similar a los datos personales compartidos entre Europa y EE. UU. Para obtener más información, consulte Comisión Europea: Escudo de Privacidad UE-EE. UU. (en inglés).
Si desea más información sobre el mecanismo concreto que utilizamos para transferir sus datos personales fuera del EEE, póngase en contacto con nosotros a través de las direcciones indicadas en esta Política de privacidad.
9. DERECHOS DE LOS USUARIOS DENTRO DE LA UE
Si se encuentra en la UE, tiene ciertos derechos en relación con la información que conservamos sobre usted, incluidos los siguientes:
el derecho a ser informado de cómo utilizamos su información, que es precisamente la finalidad de esta Política de privacidad;
el derecho a pedirnos que no tratemos sus datos personales con fines de marketing;
el derecho a solicitar acceso a la información que conservamos sobre usted;
el derecho a solicitar que rectifiquemos o suprimamos cualquier información que conservemos sobre usted que esté anticuada o sea incorrecta;
en cualquier caso, el derecho a pedirnos que dejemos de tratar información sobre usted, y
el derecho a presentar una denuncia contra nosotros ante la Oficina del Comisionado de Información del Reino Unido (https.//ico.org.uk/).
Tenga en cuenta que puede que tengamos que conservar cierta información para nuestros propios fines de registro e investigación. Además, es posible que tengamos que enviarle comunicaciones relacionadas con el servicio relativas a su cuenta de usuario en el sitio web, aunque usted haya solicitado no recibir mensajes publicitarios.
De conformidad con las nuevas leyes de protección de datos en vigor desde el 25 de mayo de 2018, goza de ciertos derechos adicionales con respecto a la información que conservamos sobre usted, particularmente:
además de su derecho a presentar una denuncia contra nosotros a través de la Oficina del Comisionado de Información del Reino Unido (https.//ico.org.uk/), usted también puede presentar una denuncia ante la autoridad competente de su país de residencia;
el derecho a revocar su consentimiento para que utilicemos su información, para lo cual puede ponerse en contacto con nosotros a través de cualquiera de las direcciones indicadas en esta Política de privacidad;
el derecho a oponerse a que utilicemos su información sobre la base de sus intereses legítimos y cuando haya algún aspecto de su situación particular que haga que quiera oponerse al tratamiento por este motivo;
el derecho a recibir una copia de cualquier información que conservemos sobre usted, o a solicitar que la enviemos a otro proveedor de servicios, en un formato estructurado, de uso generalizado y legible por medios informáticos, en determinadas circunstancias; y
el derecho a pedirnos que reduzcamos o suspendamos el tratamiento o que borremos la información que conservemos sobre usted en determinadas circunstancias.
Si desea ejercer sus derechos, puede hacerlo poniéndose en contacto con nosotros a través de las direcciones indicadas en la Cláusula 2 de esta Política de privacidad. Si, por otro lado, desea dejar de recibir notificaciones automáticas, puede actualizar sus preferencias en los ajustes de su dispositivo.
10. ENLACES A TERCEROS
Nuestra aplicación puede incluir enlaces a sitios webs, complementos y aplicaciones de terceros. Al hacer clic en dichos enlaces o permitir esas conexiones, es posible que esté permitiendo a terceros recopilar o compartir datos sobre usted. Nosotros no controlamos esos sitios webs, complementos y aplicaciones de terceros, ni somos responsables de sus políticas de privacidad. Cuando abandone nuestro sitio web, no olvide consultar la política de privacidad de cualquier tercero que visite.
11. QUÉ TIPOS DE INFORMACIÓN RECOPILAMOS SOBRE MENORES DE 13 AÑOS
Si un usuario ha indicado ser menor de 13 años al intentar utilizar nuestra Aplicación, le redirigiremos a un servicio distinto dentro de la aplicación que permite a los menores de 13 años utilizar nuestros servicios como cualquier otro usuario, pero que no permite recopilar ningún otro dato personal adicional.
Cuando un usuario se identifica como menor de 13 años, solo recopilamos un conjunto limitado de los datos personales antes mencionados, como el nombre del usuario y los identificadores únicos. Los niños menores de 13 años pueden utilizar nuestra Aplicación, ver su contenido y disfrutar de muchas de sus funciones, sin que se recopile ninguna información personal.
12. DELEGADO DE PROTECCIÓN DE DATOS
Si desea ponerse en contacto con nuestro Delegado de Protección de Datos, puede hacerlo a través de las siguientes direcciones:
The Pokémon Company
A/a: Data Protection Officer
Dirección postal: Roppongi Hills Mori Tower 8F
6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku
Tokio 106-6108 Japón
13. MODIFICACIONES DE LA POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD Y OBLIGACIÓN DEL USUARIO DE INFORMARNOS DE LOS CAMBIOS
Podremos modificar esta Política de privacidad en cualquier momento cambiando su fecha de última actualización. Si hiciéramos cualquier cambio importante relativo a la forma en la que recopilamos, utilizamos o compartimos su información personal, explicaríamos dichos cambios y, si la legislación así lo exigiese, le pediríamos su consentimiento al respecto.
Es importante que los datos personales que conservamos sobre usted sean precisos y estén actualizados. Le rogamos que nos informe de cualquier cambio en sus datos personales mientras dure su relación con nosotros. Para ello, puede actualizar la información de su perfil, o bien ponerse en contacto con nosotros a través de cualquiera de las direcciones indicadas al principio de esta Política de privacidad. Esta Política de privacidad se actualizó por última vez el 27 de junio de 2018.
*Asia
República de la India
República de Indonesia
República de Singapur
Reino de Tailandia
República Islámica de Pakistán
República de Filipinas
Estado de Brunéi Darussalam
República Socialista de Vietnam
Malasia
República Popular China (Hong Kong)
República Popular China (Macao)
Taiwán
Japón
Corea del Sur
宝可梦公司的宝可梦探险寻宝之隐私声明
供亚洲以外的用户使用*（参见本声明底部，获取亚洲国家名单）。
1. 简介
本隐私声明（
隐私声明
）阐述我们 The Pokémon Company 和其关联公司 Pokémon Center Co., Ltd.、The Pokémon Company International, Inc. 以及 Pokémon Korea, Inc. 收集和使用您的与宝可梦 探险寻（
我们的 App
）相关的个人数据（您的个人信息）之方式。本隐私声明也解释了您关于访问或变更您的个人数据的权利。
2. 关于我们
宝可梦公司是一家在日本注册的公司，我们的地址如下。
您可以通过以下地址联系我们。
The Pokémon Company International, Inc.
联系人： 宝可梦探险寻宝
地址： 10400 NE 4th Street, Suite 2800
Bellevue, WA 98004 USA
电子邮箱： privacyquestions@pokemon.com
3. 我们收集关于您的信息
您向我们提供的信息。
当您进行以下行为时，我们将收集您向我们提供的任何信息：
访问我们的 App 中需要个人信息的某些特征或功能；
如果您超过 13 周岁，您通过我们的 App 连接和共享社交网络时；
通过电子邮件或我们的客户支持网站，进行查询、提供反馈信息或进行投诉时； 以及
通过贴子、电子邮件或我们的客户支持网站向我们提交通信时。
您使用我们的 App 时向我们提供的信息包括（视情况而定）：
身份数据
。您所在的国家及您的出生年月； 以及
玩家简介数据
。您还可以提供用户名、传输/备份 ID（让您向新设备传输您的配置数据）及语言偏好。
我们收集的关于您的信息。
交易数据
。我们将收集关于您通过我们的 App 进行的购买交易的信息，包括交易日期和时间、收取的金额和其他相关交易详情；
通信中包含的信息
： 我们将收集我们之间任何通信中所包含的任何信息。例如，如果您联系我们获取客户支持，我们将保存该通信的记录；
技术数据
。即使在您未创建账户或未登录的情况下，我们也将收集关于您如何使用我们的 App 及您用于访问我们的 App 设备的某些信息。其中可能包括您的地理位置、设备信息（例如您的硬件型号、操作系统信息、设备唯一标识符）、（展示广告的 app中的）广告 ID、唯一玩家标识符（例如，传输/备份 ID和秘钥、玩家 ID、玩家秘钥、访问秘钥、您的浏览器传输的数据（例如，您的 IP 地址、时区设置、访问状态/HTTP 状态码、语言设置、时区设置推荐来源）、关于您与 App 互动的信息，包括时间和日期戳信息，例如，页面浏览量、请求、会话次数、下载次数、用户的游戏进度及玩游戏相关的数据、App 访问时长、击键日志及类似信息。第三方分析服务提供商可代表我们和/或使用 cookies或类似技术收集此等信息。关于 cookies 的详细信息，请阅读下文第 6 款。
App 许可
。我们也可能会请求访问 app 和您的设备上的某些功能的许可。您同意我们收集地理位置数据时，我们的 App 可能请求访问 GPS。如果您希望在相册中获得游戏屏幕的屏幕保存，我们也可能请求访问您的设备之相片功能。
4. 我们如何使用关于您和您的信息接收者的信息
我们将基于以下任何一项为了以下目的使用您的信息：
履行您与我们的合同，及向您提供我们的服务；
经您同意（在我们请求的情况下）；
在我们需要履行法律义务或监管义务的情况下； 或者
我们的合法利益。
我们基于以上情况及为了我们的合法业务目标使用您的信息（参见第 4.1 款），包括为了以下目的：
提供访问我们的 App 之权利
。向您提供便捷及最佳方式访问我们的 App，提供与您相关的个性化内容；允许您在 App 内拥有您玩游戏的记录；
允许您访问某些 App 功能
。帮助您访问社交网络整合、App 内购物和玩游戏等功能；
让您能够和其他人一起玩游戏
。我们将使用您向我们提供的信息（例如您的用户名和语言设置），让您能够和其他人一起玩游戏；
处理和促进们之间的交易
。我们将使用您的信息处理交易和支付，收集和收取属于我方的款项；
用户和客户支持
。提供客户服务和支持；处理关于我们的 App 的询问或投诉；并且与我们的 App 开发人员，IT 支持提供商和支付服务提供商共享为提供客户支持而必需的您的信息；
发送推送通知
。发送我们认为可能使您感兴趣的关于您使用我们的 App、我们的新闻、活动、新的 App 功能、产品或服务相关的推送通知，，条件是我们获得必要的许可进行该等推送；
分析
。使用数据分析改进我们的 App、产品/服务、营销、客户关系和体验；
欺诈和非法活动检测及预防
； 防止、调查和制止欺诈、未经授权或非法活动，包括身份欺诈活动； 保护 Pokémon、我们的代理人、客户和其他人的权利和财产，包括执行我们的条款、政策、条例和协议； 保护任何人的安全与保障； 和/或保护宝可梦和我们的合作伙伴、服务、网站和应用程序的安全与保障； 以及
政策、程序和法律合规
。让我们能够遵守我们的政策和程序，执行我们的合法权利，或与我们的技术顾问和法律顾问共享您的信息；以及遵守法律或对合法请求和法律流程作出响应，例如，包括遵守法院命令或传票。
如果您身处欧盟地区并且对我们的流程有任何疑虑，请参见以下第 9 款“欧盟用户的权利”之详情。
5. 我们可与谁共享您的信息
就上述目的及基于上述合法理由，我们在您的个人信息与第三方相关时才与之共享该等信息，例如：
和您一起玩游戏的 App 用户
。您与之对抗或一起玩游戏的居住在欧盟境内外的其他 App 用户；
我们的服务提供商
。 为我们工作并且为了进行此等工作获取您的个人信息的第三方经销商、顾问和其他服务提供商；
企业关联公司
。位于日本、英国、美国和韩国的 The Pokémon Center Co. Ltd.、The Pokémon Company International, Inc. 和 Pokémon Korea, Inc.。
我们的业务之预期卖方和买方
。与任何兼并、融资、收购、破产、解散、交易；或涉及销售、转让、剥离、或披露我们的全部或部分业务或资产的交易有关的谈判，或该等谈判期间；
其他第三方（包括专业顾问）
。英国、美国、日本和其他国家的任何其他第三方（包括法律或其他顾问、监管机构、法院、执法机关和政府机构），帮助我们执行我们的合法权利，或保护我们的员工的权利、财产或安全，或者该等披露为法律允许或要求。
6. COOKIES 和跟踪
我们和其他人使用 cookies、网站信标、设备 ID 和其他跟踪机制，确保您最大化使用我们的 App。Cookies 是我们在您用于访问我们的 App 的设备上的以文本文件格式形式存储的少量信息。Cookies 和其他跟踪机制（例如，设备 ID）使我方和他人能够监控您对软件的使用、简化您对我们的 App 的使用并且帮助我方和他人基于广告目的将您在网站、您的浏览器、及您使用的移动设备上的活动联系起来。
如果您不希望您的设备上安装 cookies，您可以在您的设备上更改设置，从而拒绝 cookies。如欲了解如何使用您的设置拒绝 cookies 的详情，请访问 http.//www.aboutcookies.org。请注意，如果您设置您的互联网浏览器拒绝 cookies，您可能无法访问我们的 App 的全部功能。鉴于某些选择退出参数也存储在您的设备上的 cookies 中（例如选择退出广告公司），请注意，如果您删除所有 cookies，您需要更新您的选择退出选择。一些互联网浏览器可能发出“不跟踪”信号。因为并未采用”不跟踪“信号的统一标准，我们的 App 可能无法察觉或处理”不跟踪“信号。
我们的网站可能含有第三方运营的其他网站的内容和链接，该等第三方网站也可能运营 cookies 和其他跟踪机制。我们不控制此等第三方网站或其跟踪活动，因此，本隐私声明不适用于它们。请查阅相关第三方的条款和条件及隐私声明，查明该网站如何收集和使用您的信息；确定它们是否使用 cookies 及将 cookies 用于何种目的。
7. 我们如何照看您的信息及我们可以保存多久
我们使用适当的技术和操作安全措施，防止擅自访问或非法使用您的信息。
我们将在为向您提供您向我们请求的服务适当所需时间内保留您的信息，或者在我们为了我们的合法业务目的（例如为了法律合规和执法目的）及为了解决问题而合理所需的时间内保留该等信息。实际保留期取决于各种因素，例如产品类型、数据类型和敏感性、业务需要、客户期望和需求、可用的用户控制类型、和数据存储格式。
8. 您的信息的国际传输
我公司位于日本；我们向您收集的个人信息主要存储在爱尔兰、日本和美国。这涉及到将数据转出欧洲经济共同体。
无论何时我们欧洲经济共同体将您的个人数据从欧洲经济共同体传输至欧洲经济共同体外时，我们都确保至少执行以下一种传输解决方案，从而确保对您的个人数据给予类似程度的保护：
在我们使用某些服务提供商的情况下，我们可能使用欧盟委员会批准的具体合同，该等合同给予个人数据和在欧洲相同的保护。详情 参见欧盟委员会向第三国传输个人数据的示范合同； 以及
在我们使用美国提供商的情况下，我们可能在其作为隐私之盾一方的情况下向其传输数据，隐私之盾要求它们给予欧洲和美国共享的个人数据类似的保护。详情参见欧盟委员会： 欧洲-美国隐私之盾。
如果您想了解将您的个人数据从欧洲经济共同体转出时我方使用的具体机制相关进一步信息，请使用本隐私声明顶部的联系方式联系我方。
9. 欧盟境内用户的权利
如果您身处欧盟境内，您拥有我们持有有关您的信息之某些权利，包括：
关于我们如何使用您的信息的知情权，如同我们在本隐私声明中所述；
要求我方不得为了营销目的处理您的个人数据之权利；
要求取得我们持有的关于您的信息之权利；
要求我们改正或纠正我们持有的关于您的已过期或不正确的信息之权利；
某些情况下，要求我方停止处理关于您的信息之权利； 以及
向英国信息专员办公室（https.//ico.org.uk/）投诉我方之权利；
请注意，我们可能为了自己存档和研究目的需要保留某些信息。我们也可能需要向您发送与您的网站用户账户相关的服务通讯，即使在您请求不接收营销通讯的情况下。
根据 2018 年 5 月 25 日起施行的新数据保护法律，您就我们持有的关于您的信息拥有某些额外的权利，包括：
您除了向英国信息专员办公室（https.//ico.org.uk/）投诉我方的权利之外，您还能够在您工作或居住所在国家向相关部门提起诉讼；
撤销我们根据您的同意使用您的信息之同意的权利，您可以使用本隐私声明顶部任何方式联系我们撤销您的同意；
反对我们根据我们的合法权益使用您的信息之权利；存在关于您的具体情况的一些内容，让您想要反对在此基础上处理您的信息；
在某些情况下，以结构化的、通用的、机器可读的格式获得我们所持有关于您的任何信息之副本的权利（或要求我们将其传输给另一个服务提供商）； 以及
在某些情况下，要求我们限制或停止处理或删除我们持有的关于您的信息之权利。
您可以通过使用本隐私声明第 2 款中的方式联系我们行使您的上述权利，或者您可以在您的设备设置中更新您的偏好以停止接收推送通知。
10. 第三方链接
我们的 App 可能包括第三方网站的链接、插件程序和 app。点击此等链接或启用此等连接将可能允许第三方收集或共享关于您的数据。我们不控制此等第三方网站、插件程序和 app，因此，我们对他们的隐私声明不予负责。一旦您离开我们的网站，我们鼓励您阅读您访问的每个第三方的隐私声明。
11. 我们收集有关儿童的何类信息？
如果用户在试图使用我们的 App 时表明其是儿童，我们将指引该儿童获得我们 App 中不同的体验，让儿童像任何其他用户一样使用我们的服务，但是不允许收集任何附加个人信息（定义见《儿童在线隐私保护法案》（COPPA））。
当用户的身份为儿童时，我们只收集上述个人信息的子集，包括用户名和唯一标识符。儿童可以在不被收集任何个人信息（定义见 COPPA）的情况下使用我们的 App、浏览内容、享受诸多功能。
12. 数据保护官
如果您希望联系我们的数据保护官，请使用以下联系方式：
宝可梦公司
联系人： 数据保护官
地址： Roppongi Hills Mori Tower 8F
6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku
Tokyo 106-6108 Japan
13. 本隐私声明的变更及您通知我方变更内容的责任
我们可通过变更最后更新日期的方式在任何时间修订本隐私声明。如果我们对如何收集、使用或共享您的个人信息方面作出实质性变更，我们会对其予以描述；如果法律要求，我们会寻求您对该等变更的同意。
我们持有的关于您的个人数据必须准确和最新，这点很重要。如果您的个人数据在您与我方的关系存续期间发生变更，请通过更新您的个人简介账户信息、或通过本隐私声明顶部的联系方式联系我们，告知我们变更情况。本隐私声明于 2018 年 6 月 27 日更新。
亚洲 *
印度共和国
印度尼西亚共和国
新加坡共和国
泰国
巴基斯坦伊斯兰共和国
菲律宾共和国
文莱达鲁萨兰国
越南社会主义共和国
马来西亚
中国（香港）
中国（澳门）
台湾
日本
韩国
精靈寶可夢針對寶可夢探險尋寶的隱私聲明
僅供亞洲以外的使用者（請參閱本通知末端的亞洲國家列表）
1. 簡介
本隱私聲明 （
隱私聲明
） 表明我們，意指精靈寶可夢以及其附屬公司（精靈寶可夢中心、精靈寶可夢國際公司，以及精靈寶可夢（韓國）），將會根據寶可夢 探險尋寶（
我們的應用程式
）搜集以及使用您的個人資料。這項聲明還解釋了您有什麼存取或更改您的個人資料的權利。
2. 關於我們
精靈寶可夢是一間註冊於日本的公司，我們的地址如下所述。
您可以依照下列聯絡資訊與我們聯絡。
精靈寶可夢國際公司
注意： 寶可夢探險尋寶
地址： 10400 NE 4th Street, Suite 2800
Bellevue, WA 98004 USA
電子信箱： privacyquestions@pokemon.com
3. 我們向您搜集的資訊
您提供給我們的資訊
當您執行下列事項時，我們會搜集您提供給我們的資訊：
存取我們的應用程式中需要個人資訊的特色或功能；
如果您超過 13 歲，當您通過我們的應用程式連結並分享到社交網絡時；
透過電子信件或我們的客戶支援網站提出諮詢、提供反饋或投訴； 以及
通過郵寄、電子信件或通過我們的客戶支援網站向我們提交信件。
您在使用我們的應用程式時向我們提供的資訊將包括（取決於具體情況）。
身份資料
。您所在的國家以及出生的年度以及月份； 以及
玩家檔案資料
。您還可能提供使用者名稱、傳輸/備份 ID（用於將您的個人資料數據傳輸到新裝置）以及語言偏好。
我們向您搜集的資訊。
交易資料
。我們將通過我們的應用程式搜集與您的購買交易有關的資料，包括日期和時間、收費金額以及其他相關交易細節；
通訊中包含的資訊
： 我們將搜集我們之間的通訊中包含的任何資訊。例如，如果您聯繫我們客戶支援，我們會保留該通訊的紀錄；
技術資料
。我們還會搜集有關您如何使用我們的應用程式以及您用於存取我們的應用程式的裝置的某些資訊，即使您尚未建立帳戶或登錄。這可能包括您的地理位置、裝置資訊（例如您的硬體型號、作業系統資訊，裝置唯一識別碼）、廣告 ID（在顯示廣告的應用程式中）、唯一玩家標識符，如傳輸/備份 ID 和密鑰、玩家 ID 、玩家密鑰、存取密鑰、由您的瀏覽器傳輸的數據（例如您的 IP 地址、時區設置、存取狀態/ HTTP 狀態代碼、語言設置、時區設置引薦來源）、有關您與應用程式的互動資訊，包括時間和日期標記的資訊，如頁面瀏覽量、請求、節數、下載次數、使用者的遊戲進度和遊戲相關數據、存取應用程式的時間長度、關鍵筆劃日誌以及類似資訊等。這些資訊可能會由第三方分析服務提供商代表我們進行搜集，並且/或可能會使用 Cookies 或類似技術進行搜集。有關 Cookies 的更多資訊，請閱讀下面的第 6 段。
應用程式權限
。我們還可能會請求存取您的裝置上的應用程式以及特定功能的權限。當您同意我們搜集地理位置數據時，我們的應用程式可能會要求存取 GPS。如果您希望在相簿中儲存截獲的遊戲畫面，我們也可能會要求存取您裝置的照片功能。
4. 我們如何使用您和您的資訊收件人的資訊
我們會基於下述目的以下列事項為基礎使用您的資訊：
履行您與我們的合約並向您提供我們的服務；
您的同意（在我們請求的情況下）；
在我們需要遵守法律或監管義務的情況下； 或
我們的合法利益。
我們基於上述事項（請參閱第 4.1 段）並根據我們的合法業務目標使用您的資訊，包括以下目的：
提供存取我們的應用程式的權限
。以方便以及最佳化的方式為您提供存取我們的應用程式的權限，並提供與您相關的個人化內容，並允許您在應用程式中記錄您的遊戲內容；
允許您存取特定應用程式功能
。讓您能夠存取社交網路結合、應用程式內部購買以及進行遊戲等功能；
讓您可以與其他玩家一同進行遊戲
。我們會使用您提供的資訊（例如：使用者名稱以及語言設定），讓您可以與其他玩家一同遊戲；
處理和促進我們之間的交易
。我們將使用您的資訊來處理交易和付款，並收取並追討欠款；
使用者以及客戶支援
。為了提供客戶服務以及支援、處理與我們應用程式相關的查詢或投訴，並根據需要與我們的應用程式開發人員、IT 支援提供商和支付服務提供商共享您的資訊，以提供客戶支援；
為了寄送推播通知
。就您使用我們的應用程式、我們的新聞、活動、新應用程式功能，以及我們認為您可能會感興趣的產品或服務向您寄送推播通知，前提是我們已獲得必要的許可；
分析
。使用數據分析來提升我們的應用程式、產品/服務、市場行銷、客戶關係和體驗；
欺詐和非法活動的檢測和預防
。防止、調查和阻止欺詐、未經授權或非法的活動，包括身份欺詐； 保障寶可夢、我們的代理商、我們的客戶和其他人的權利以及財產，包括執行我們的條款、政策、規則和協議； 保障任何人的安全以及保安； 和/或保護寶可夢和我們合作夥伴的服務、網站和應用程式的安全和保安； 以及
遵守政策、程序和法律
。使我們能夠遵守我們的政策和程序，並執行我們的合法權利，或與我們的技術和法律顧問分享您的資訊，並遵守法律或回應合法要求以及法律程序，包括例如遵守法院命令或傳票。
如果您身處歐盟地區並對我們的處理有任何疑慮，請參閱下文第 9 段中的「歐盟使用者權利」的詳細資訊。
5. 我們可能會分享您的資訊的對象
就上述目的和合法理由，我們將在與第三方有關時分享您的個人資訊，例如：
與您一同進行遊戲的應用程式使用者
。與您一同進行遊戲或對賽的其他應用程式使用者（不論是否在歐盟境內外）；
我們的服務提供商
。 第三方供應商、顧問和其他服務提供商，以及為我們工作並存取您的個人資訊以完成此項工作的服務提供商；
公司附屬公司
。位於日本、英國，美國，以及南韓的寶可夢中心公司、精靈寶可夢國際公司，以及精靈寶可夢（韓國）；
我們業務的潛在賣家以及買家
。就任何涉及出售、轉讓、分拆或披露我們全部或部分業務或資產的合併、融資、收購、破產、解散、交易或法律程序進行談判時；
他第三方（包括專業顧問）
。任何其他設在英國、美國、日本以及其他地區的第三方（包括法律或其他顧問、監管機構 、法院、執法機構和政府機構）以使我們能夠執行我們的合法權利，或保護我們的員工的權利、財產或安全，或法律允許或要求披露的資訊。
6. COOKIES以及追蹤
我們和其他人使用 cookies、網絡信標、裝置 IDS，以及其他追蹤機制來確保您充分利用我們的應用程式。Cookies是以文字文件的形式儲存在您用來存取我們的應用程式的裝置上的少量資訊。Cookies 以及其他追蹤機制（例如裝置 ID）可讓我們和其他人監控您在軟體的使用情況、簡化您對我們應用程式的使用，並幫助我們和其他人基於廣告目的將您在網站上的活動、您的瀏覽器以及您使用的行動裝置相互連結。
如果您不希望在您的裝置上安裝 Cookies，您可以更改您的裝置上的設定以拒絕 Cookies。有關如何使用您的設定拒絕 Cookies 的更多資訊，請瀏覽http.//www.aboutcookies.org。請注意，如果您將網路瀏覽器設定為拒絕 Cookie，您可能無法享用我們的應用程式的所有功能。由於某些選擇退出偏好設定也會儲存在您裝置的 Cookies 中（例如來自廣告公司的選擇退出），請注意，如果您刪除所有 Cookies，則需要重新更新您的退出選項。某些網路瀏覽器可能會傳輸「不追蹤」訊號。由於「不追蹤」訊號的統一標準尚未被採用，我們的應用程式可能會無法察覺或處理「不追蹤」訊號。
我們的網站可能會包含由第三方運營的其他網站的內容和連結，這些網站也可能運營 cookies 和其他追蹤機制。我們不控制這些第三方網站或它們的追蹤活動，此隱私聲明不適用於它們。請參閱相關第三方網站的條款和條件以及隱私聲明，以瞭解該網站如何搜集和使用您的資訊，並確定他們是否使用以及出於什麼目的使用 cookies。
7. 我們如何保護您的資訊以及我們會保存多久的時間
我們使用適當的技術和操作安全措施來保護您的資訊免遭未經授權的存取或非法使用。
我們會在為向您提供您向我們請求的服務適當所需的時間內，或在我們出於合法的業務目的(例如法律遵循和執法目的，以及解決爭議)合理所需的時間內保留您的資訊。實際保留期取決於多種因素，如產品類型、資訊的類型和敏感性、業務需求、客戶期望和需求、可選擇的使用者控制類型以及數據儲存的形式。
8. 您的資訊的國際傳輸
我們公司位於日本，我們從您搜集的個人資訊將主要存儲在愛爾蘭、日本和美國。這將會涉及歐洲經濟區以外的資料傳輸。
當我們將您的個人資料從歐洲經濟區內傳輸到歐洲經濟區外，我們會確保實施至少下列一項傳輸解決方案，以確保提供類似程度的保護：
在我們使用某些服務提供商的情況下，我們可能會使用歐盟委員會批准的特定合約，這些合約將提供與歐洲相同的個人資料保護。如需更多資訊， 歐洲委員會將個人資料轉讓給第三國的示範合同； 以及
在我們使用美國境內的提供商的情況下，如果他們屬於隱私保護盾(Privacy Shield)的一部分，他們因而須對歐美之間共享的個人數據提供類似的保護, 我們則可能會將數據傳輸給他們。如需更多資訊，請參閱歐盟委員會： EU-US 隱私保護盾。
如果您需要進一步暸解我們在將您的個人資料轉出歐洲經濟區時使用的具體機制，請使用本隱私聲明頂部的聯繫方式與我們聯繫。
9. 歐盟境內的使用者的權利
如果您身處歐盟境內，就我們持有的關於您的資訊，您擁有某些權利，包括：
關於我們如何使用您的資訊的知情權，如同我們在本隱私聲明中所述；
要求我們不要為行銷目的處理您的個人資料的權利；
要求取得我們持有的關於您的資訊的權利；
要求我們修正或糾正我們持有的關於您的任何過期或不正確的資訊的權利；
在某些情況下，要求我們停止處理關於您的資訊的權利； 以及
向英國資訊專員辦公室投訴我們的權利 (https.//ico.org.uk/)。
請注意，我們可能需要為我們自己的紀錄和研究目的保留某些資訊。我們可能還需要向您發送與您的網站使用者帳戶相關的服務相關通訊，即使您已請求不要接收行銷通訊。
根據 2018 年 05 月 25 日實施的的新資料保護法，就我們持有的關於您的資訊， 您擁有某些額外的權利，包括：
除了向英國資訊專員辦公室投訴我們 (https.//ico.org.uk/)的權利外，您還有權在您工作或居住的國家向有關當局投訴我們；
就我們根據您的同意使用您的資訊, 撤銷該同意的權利，您可以通過使用本隱私聲明頂部的任何詳細資訊與我們聯繫，從而撤銷您的同意；
反對我們根據我們的合法利益使用您的資訊的權利，並且您的特定情況存在一些因素會使您想要在此基礎上反對此類處理；
在某些情況下，以結構化、常見格式，以及機器可讀的格式收到我們持有的關於您的任何資訊的複本 (或要求我們將其轉移至另一服務供應商) 的權利； 以及
要求我們在特定情況下限制或停止處理或刪除我們持有的關於您的資訊的權利。
您可以通過使用本隱私聲明第 2 段中的詳細資訊與我們聯繫以行使您的上述權利，或在裝置設定中更新您的偏好以停止接收推播通知。
10. 第三方連結
我們的應用程式可能會包含第三方網站的連結、插件以及應用程式。點選這些連結或啟用這些連結可能會允許第三方搜集或共享有關您的數據。我們不控制這些第三方網站、插件以及應用程式，也不對其隱私聲明負責。當您離開我們的網站時，我們鼓勵您閱讀您訪問的每個第三方的隱私聲明。
11. 我們搜集關於兒童的什麼類型的資訊？
如果使用者在嘗試使用我們的應用程式時表示他們是孩子，我們將引導孩子在我們的應用程式內獲得不同的體驗，讓孩子像其他使用者一樣使用我們的服務，但不會允許搜集任何額外的個人資訊（如 兒童在線隱私保護法(COPPA ) 所定義）。
當使用者將自己標識為孩子時，我們僅搜集上述個人資訊的一部分，包括使用者名稱以及單一識別名稱。兒童可以在不被搜集任何個人資訊（如兒童在線隱私保護法 (COPPA) 所定義）的情況下.使用我們的應用程式、查看內容，並享受許多功能。
12. 資訊保護員
如果您想聯繫我們的資訊保護員，請使用以下詳細資訊：
精靈寶可夢
注意： 資訊保護員
地址： Roppongi Hills Mori Tower 8F
6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku
Tokyo 106-6108 Japan
13. 本隱私聲明的修正以及您向我們通知改變的義務
我們可以透過修改最近一次更新的日期以隨時修改此隱私聲明。如果我們對搜集、使用或分享您的個人資訊的方式進行重大更改，我們將描述這些更改。並且在法律要求的情況下，徵求您對此類更改的同意。
我們掌握的關於您的個人資訊是準確和最新的是非常重要的。如果您的個人資料在我們的服務關係中發生了改變，請透過更改您的個人帳戶資訊或通過本隱私聲明頂部的聯繫信息聯繫我們以讓我們獲悉。本隱私聲明更新於 2018 年 6 月 27 日。
亞洲*
印度共和國
印尼共和國
新加坡共和國
泰國王國
巴基斯坦伊斯蘭共和國
菲律賓共和國
文萊達魯薩蘭國
越南社會主義共和國
馬來西亞
中國（香港）
中國（澳門）
台灣
日本
南韓
ポケモンクエストに関するプライバシーポリシー
（2018年6月27日更新）
株式会社ポケモン、並びに、株式会社ポケモンセンター、The Pokémon Company International, Inc.及びPokémon Korea Incを含む子会社（以下「当社」といいます。）は、お客様の情報の保護に努めております。お客様がポケモンクエスト（以下「本アプリ」といいます。）をご利用中に、当社がどのような情報を収集するか、なぜ収集する必要があるのか、どのようにその情報を利用し、そして、どのような状況下で情報を開示するのかをご説明するため、このプライバシーポリシー（以下「本プライバシーポリシー」といいます。）を策定いたしました。
本プライバシーポリシー及び
ポケモンクエスト利用規約
（以下「本規約」といいます。）は、お客様による本アプリのご利用に適用されます。本アプリをダウンロードし、利用をすることにより、お客様は、本規約及び本プライバシーポリシーの条件に同意することになります。お客様が居住する国において未成年である場合、お客様の保護者が本規約及び本プライバシーポリシーを読み、これらを条件に、お客様が本アプリを利用することに保護者が同意したことをお客様は確認するものとします。お客様又は保護者の方が本規約又は本プライバシーポリシーの条件に同意されない場合は、本アプリを利用することはできません。
本プライバシーポリシーは、本アプリを通じて提供及び収集された情報のみに提供され、当社がオフライン上で収集した情報には適用されません。また、本プライバシーポリシーは、本アプリにのみ適用され、当社は、リンクされた先の又は関係会社のサービス、アプリケーション、又は、ウェブサイトのコンテンツや事業活動については責任を負いません。お客様が広告やその他のリンクをクリックし、他のサイト等に本アプリから移動した場合、本プライバシーポリシーは適用されません。お客様の情報がどのように取り扱われるかを確認するためには、移動先のプライバシーポリシーを確認してください。
目次
本アプリを利用中、どのような情報が収集されるのですか？
どのように情報を収集しますか？
収集したお客様の情報をどのように利用しますか？
どのような場合にお客様の情報を開示するのですか？
お客様の情報の保管と移転
お客様の情報保護のため、どのようなセキュリティ手段を講じていますか？
プライバシーポリシーの更新
当社へのお問い合わせ
1.　本アプリを利用中、どのような情報が収集されるのですか？
「個人情報」とは、個人に関する情報で、お客様を個人的に特定するために使われるものを指します。個人情報の具体例としては、氏名、住所、機器固有識別子、生年月日、電話番号、ファックス番号、Eメールアドレス、及び個人のビデオや写真が挙げられます。個人情報には、他の情報と組み合わせた場合に個人を特定しうる非個人情報も含まれます。
お客様のモバイルデバイスから自動的に収集される技術情報の一部についても個人情報に分類されます。これには、機器固有識別子、IPアドレス、及び、広告用の識別子が含まれます。
「非個人情報」とは、個人に関する情報で、それのみでは特定の個人を特定しないものを指します。非個人情報の例には、匿名のバックアップID及びゲーム内のニックネーム、人口統計の情報（年齢、性別等）、ハードウェア・デバイス及びソフトウェアデータ、広範な地理情報、アプリの稼動統計、並びに、購入履歴が含まれます。
「財務情報」とは、支払及び請求に関する情報を指します（例：口座情報、請求先住所、支払処理データ）。当社は、お客様が任意に提供しない限り、故意にお客様から財務情報を収集することはありません。また、財務情報の当社への提供はお控えください。本アプリ内でなされる支払決済は、第三者による支払いサービスを通じて決済されます。お客様の支払情報は、当社には共有されません。この支払処理を行う第三者がどのようにお客様の個人情報及び財務情報を取り扱うかという点に関する情報をご確認いただくためにも、当該第三者のプライバシーポリシーをご参照ください。
2.　どのように情報を収集しますか？
カスタマーサポートへのお問い合わせの一環として、お客様が任意に当社に提供する場合、又は、個人情報を必要とする本アプリ内の特定の仕様や機能にお客様がアクセスする場合に、当社は、お客様より個人情報、及び、非個人情報を直接受領することができます。
当社は、お客様がニックネーム、バックアップIDを作り、又は、アプリ内課金をした場合に、非個人情報についても直接お客様から受領します。お客様は、本アプリ内でニックネームを作成することができます。ニックネームを作る際は、本名、イニシャル、又は、その他お客様を特定しうる情報を使わないようにしてください。
また、広告用識別子、IPアドレス、ログファイル、本アプリに盛り込まれた解析ソフトウェア、及び、その他のソフトウェアツール等の技術的方法によりお客様に関する非個人情報を受動的に収集します。さらに、当社は、当社のサービス提供会社、又はその他情報源、たとえば、アプリ内課金の統計については支払い処理を行う第三者より、お客様の情報を受領することができます。
3.　収集したお客様の情報をどのように利用しますか？
当社は、本アプリ内における特定の機能を提供するために、又は、お客様のお問い合わせに回答し、カスタマーサポートを提供し、そして、社内業務又はご本人確認を行うためにお客様の個人情報を利用します。当社は、システムパフォーマンス及び社内業務を監視し、本アプリを改善し、追加商品・サービス、及びマーケティング活動に関するご要望に応え、カスタマーサポートを提供し、そして、リサーチを行うために非個人情報を利用することができます。
いかなる目的であれ、お客様のご要望と当社の合法的な営業目的を遂行するのに合理的に必要な限度でのみ情報を収集します。
4.　どのような場合にお客様の情報を開示するのですか？
当社は、本アプリの内部業務（技術的サポート、広告提供、ホスティング、データ保存、分析、及び、カスタマーサポートを含みますが、これに限りません。）をサポートする外部業者に情報を提供することができます。これらの外部業者には、お客様がお住まいの国から見て、外国にある第三者が含まれます。当該サービスの提供の過程において、これらの外部業者は、お客様の個人情報及び非個人情報にアクセスすることができます。これらの企業は、当社から得たすべての個人情報につき、その守秘義務及びセキュリティーを保持することに合意します。
当社は、個人情報を第三者に売却し、又は、貸し出すことはいたしません。また、当社は、お客様の事前の承諾なく、第三者に対して、その第三者のマーケティングのために、又は、その他の非関係会社のマーケティングために、お客様の情報を利用することを許諾いたしません。当社は、集約された非個人情報を公に、また、当社のビジネスパートナーに提供することができます。
また、当社は、情報の開示が(a)裁判所の命令又は召喚状に従うためなど、法令に基づき要求されたか、(b)本規約を遵守するために役立つと考える場合、すなわち、お客様の安全又はセキュリティ（お客様に帰属する財産の安全及びセキュリティを含む）を保護し、及び・又は、本アプリ又は第三者の安全及びセキュリティを保護すると信義に従い誠実に考える場合にお客様の情報を開示することがあります。
企業の合併、資産の売却、買収、解散、再編、破産、支配権の変更、その他の類似状況において、これらが適用法令によって許容され、かつ、適用法令に従いなされる場合、お客様の情報は、継承者に移転され、又は、譲渡され、当社が一つ又はそれ以上の事業を売却する場合においては、お客様の個人情報は当該売却の一部として移転されます。
5.　お客様の情報の保管と移転
当社がお客様から収集する情報は、主に日本、アメリカ合衆国、及び・又はアイルランド共和国に保管されます。お客様は、自己の情報が居住国外の日本、アメリカ合衆国、及び・又はアイルランド共和国に移転されることを確認し、また、本アプリを利用することにより、当該情報の移転に同意するものとします。また、お客様の情報が保管される国における適用法令が、お客様の居住国における法令と同等の保護を与えるものではないことについても、お客さまは、ここに確認するものとします。
6.　お客様の情報保護のため、どのようなセキュリティ手段を講じていますか？
どのようなセキュリティ手段も完璧又は堅固なものではありませんが、当社は、受領した情報を保護するため商業的に合理的な手段を施し、不正なアクセス及び不適切な利用からお客様の個人情報を保護するため技術的、管理的、物理的手段を実施しております。当社は、必要に応じて内部ポリシーを継続して検証し、適切に改善して参ります。
7.　プライバシーポリシーの更新
当社は、本プライバシーポリシーを都度更新することができます。当社は、変更について更新日付とともにここに掲載し、個人情報の収集、利用、又は、提供の方法について重大な変更がある場合、本アプリの更新版とともにより顕著な通知を表示し、お客様にご連絡いたします。
8.　当社へのお問い合わせ
本プライバシーポリシーに関する情報、お客様の個人情報の照会についてのお問い合わせ、又は、苦情に関するお問い合わせにつきましては、以下のフォームをご利用のうえ、当社までお知らせください。
お問い合わせ窓口：ヘルプデスク（https://www.apppokemon.com/gate/）
株式会社ポケモン
〒106-6108東京都港区六本木6-10-1　六本木ヒルズ森タワー8F
アジア地域
インド
インドネシア
シンガポール
タイ
パキスタン
フィリピン
ブルネイ・ダルサラーム
ベトナム
マレーシア
台湾
日本
韓国
中国（香港）
中国（マカオ）
포켓몬 퀘스트에 관한 개인정보 처리방침
(2018년 6월 27일 갱신)
한국에 거주하는 유저용
주식회사 포켓몬, 주식회사 포켓몬센터 및 The Pokémon Company International, Inc 및 Pokémon Korea Inc.를 포함한 자회사(이하 「당사」라고 합니다)는 고객님의 정보 보호를 위해 노력합니다. 고객님이 포켓몬 퀘스트(이하 「본 앱」이라고 합니다)를 이용 중에 당사가 어떤 정보를 수집하고 수집하는 이유가 무엇인지, 어떻게 그 정보를 이용하고 어떤 상황에서 정보를 개시하는지 설명하기 위해 이 개인정보 처리방침(이하 「본 방침」이라고 합니다)를 책정하였습니다.
본 방침 및 포켓몬 퀘스트
이용 약관
(이하 「본 약관」이라고 합니다)은 고객님에 의해 본 앱 이용에 적용됩니다. 본 앱을 다운로드하여 이용함에 따라, 고객님은 본 약관 및 본 방침의 조건에 동의하는 것으로 합니다. 고객님이 거주하는 국가에 따라 미성년자인 경우 보호자가 본 약관 및 본 방침을 읽고 이 조건에 고객님이 본 앱을 이용하는 것에 대해 보호자가 동의했음을 고객님이 확인해야 합니다. 고객님 또는 보호자가 본 약관 또는 본 방침의 조건에 동의하지 않을 경우 본 앱을 이용할 수 없습니다.
본 방침은 본 앱을 통하여 제공 및 수집된 정보에만 제공되고 당사가 오프라인에서 수집한 정보에는 적용되지 않습니다. 또 본 방침은 본 앱에서만 적용되며 당사는 링크 또는 관계회사의 서비스, 어플리케이션, 또는 웹사이트 콘텐츠나 사업활동에 대해서 책임을 지지 않습니다. 고객님이 광고나 기타 링크를 클릭하고 기타 사이트 등으로 본 앱에서 이동한 경우 본 방침은 적용되지 않습니다. 고객님의 정보가 어떻게 취급되는지 확인하기 위해서는 이동하는 곳의 개인정보 처리방침을 확인하여 주십시오.
목차
본 앱 이용 중 어떤 정보가 수집됩니까?
어떤 방법으로 정보를 수집합니까?
수집한 고객의 정보를 어떻게 이용합니까?
어떤 경우에 고객의 정보를 개시합니까?
고객 정보의 보관과 이전
고객 정보 보호를 위해 어떤 보안 수단을 강구하고 있습니까?
개인정보 처리방침 갱신
당사에 문의하기
1. 본 앱 이용 중 어떤 정보가 수집됩니까?
「개인정보」란, 개인에 관한 정보로 고객님을 개인적으로 특정하기 위해 사용하는 것을 말합니다. 개인정보의 구체적인 예로는 성명, 주소, 생년월일, 전화번호, 팩스 번호, E-mail 주소 및 개인 영상이나 사진 등이 있습니다. 개인정보에는 다른 정보와 조합한 경우에 개인을 특정할 수 있는 비개인정보도 포함됩니다.
고객님의 모바일 디바이스에서 자동으로 수집되는 기술정보도 개인정보로 분류됩니다. 이것은 기기고유식별자(UDID), IP 주소, 또는 광고용 식별자가 포함됩니다.
「비개인정보」란, 개인에 관한 정보로 이외에도 특정 개인을 특정하지 않는 것을 말합니다. 비개인정보의 예로는 백업 ID 및 게임에서의 닉네임, 인구통계 정보(연령, 성별 등), 하드웨어/디바이스 및 소프트웨어 데이터, 광범위한 지리정보, 앱의 구동 통계, 구입이력이 포함됩니다.
「재무정보」란 지불 및 청구에 관한 정보를 나타냅니다(예:계좌정보, 청구지 주소, 지불처리 데이터). 당사는 고객님이 임의로 제공하지 않는 한 고의로 고객님으로부터 재무정보를 수집하지 않습니다. 또, 재무 정보를 당사에 제공하는 것은 피해주십시오. 본 앱에서 행해지는 지불 결제는 제3자(즉, Apple 또는 Google)에 의한 지불 서비스를 통하여 결제됩니다. 고객님의 지불정보는 당사에는 공유되지 않습니다. 이 지불 처리를 행하는 제3자가 어떤 방식으로 고객님의 개인정보 및 재무 정보를 취급하는 지에 대한 정보를 확인하기 위해서라도 Apple 및 Google Wallet의 개인정보 처리방침을 참고하여 주십시오.
2. 어떤 방법으로 정보를 수집합니까?
고객센터에 문의 일환으로 고객님이 임의로 당사에 제공하는 경우, 개인정보를 필요로 하는 앱 내의 특정 사양이나 기능에 고객님이 액세스하는 경우, 당사는 고객님으로부터 개인정보, 또는 비개인정보를 직접 수령할 수 있습니다.
당사는 고객님이 닉네임, 백업 ID를 작성하거나 또는 앱에서 과금을 한 경우에 비개인정보에 대해서도 직접 고객님으로부터 수령합니다. 고객님은 본 앱 내에서 닉네임을 작성할 수 있습니다. 닉네임을 작성할 때, 본명, 이니셜, 또는 그 외 고객님을 특정할만한 정보를 사용하지 않도록 해 주십시오.
또, 광고용식별자, IP 주소, 로그파일, 본 앱에 포함된 해석 소프트웨어 및 기타 소프트웨어 툴 등의 기술적 방법에 의해 고객님에 관한 비개인정보를 수동적으로 수집합니다. 그리고, 당사는 당사의 서비스 제공회사 또는 기타 정보원, 예를 들어 앱에서 과금하는 통계에 대해서는 지불 처리를 행하는 제3자로부터 고객님의 정보를 수령할 수 있습니다.
3. 수집한 고객의 정보를 어떻게 이용합니까?
당사는 본 앱에서 특정 기능을 제공하기 위해, 또는 고객님의 문의에 회신하고 고객 서포트를 제공하며, 그리고 사내 업무 또는 본인 확인을 위해 고객의 개인정보를 이용합니다.
당사는 시스템 퍼포먼스 및 사내 업무를 감시하고 본 앱을 개선하고 추가 상품 서비스 및 마케팅 활동에 관한 요청에 응하여 고객 서포트를 제공하고 이러한 리서치를 하기 위해 비개인정보를 이용할 수 있습니다.
어떠한 목적이라도 고객님의 요청한 당사의 합법적인 영업목적을 수행하는데 합리적으로 필요한 한도에서만 정보를 수집합니다.
4. 어떤 경우에 고객의 정보를 개시합니까?
당사는 본 앱 내부 업무(기술적인 서포트, 광고 제공, 호스팅, 데이터 보존, 분석, 및 고객 서포트를 포함합니다만, 이에 한하지 않습니다)를 서포트하는 외부 업자에게 정보를 제공할 수 있습니다. 이 외부업자에는 고객님이 거주하는 국가를 기준으로, 외국에 있는 제3자가 포함됩니다. 해당 서비스 제공 과정에서 이 외부 업자는 고객님의 개인정보 및 비개인정보에 액세스 할 수 있습니다. 이 기업은 당사로부터 얻은 모든 개인정보에 대하여 수비의무 및 보안을 유지하는 것을 합의합니다.
당사는 개인정보를 제3자에 매각하거나 대여하지 않습니다. 또 당사는 고객님의 사전 승인 없이 제3자에 대하여 그 제3자의 마케팅을 위해 또는 기타 비관계회사의 마케팅을 위해 고객의 정보를 이용하는 것을 허락하지 않습니다. 당사는 집약된 비개인정보를 공개, 또는 당사의 비즈니스 파트너에게 제공할 수 있습니다.
또, 당사는 정보 개시가 (a)재판소의 명령 또는 소환장에 응하기 위해서 등, 법령에 근거하여 요구되거나 (b)본 방침을 준수하기 위하여 도움이 된다고 생각되는 경우, 다시 말해서, 고객의 안전 또는 보안(고객에게 귀속하는 재산의 안전 및 보안을 포함)을 보호하고, 본 앱, 또는 제3자의 안전 및 보안을 보호할 것을 신의에 따라 성실히 고려할 경우 고객의 정보를 개시하기도 합니다.
기업의 합병, 자산 매각, 매수, 해산, 재편, 파산, 지배권 변경, 기타 유사 상황에서 이것들은 적용 법률에 따라 허용되며, 한편 적용법령에 따르게 될 경우 고객의 정보는 계승자에게 이전되며 또는 당사가 하나 또는 그 이상의 사업을 매각하는 경우 고객의 개인정보는 해당 매각의 일부가 되어 이전됩니다.
5. 고객 정보의 보관과 이전
정보가 거주국 외의 일본, 미국, 및 아일랜드 공화국에 이전된 것을 확인하고 또 본 앱을 이용하는 것으로 해당 정보의 이전에 동의하는 것으로 합니다. 또 고객님의 정보가 보관된 국가에서 적용 법령이 고객이 거주하는 국가의 법령과 동등한 보호를 부여하지 않는 것에 대해서도, 고객은 이것을 확인하는 것으로 합니다.
6. 고객 정보 보호를 위해 어떤 보안 수단을 강구하고 있습니까?
어떠한 보안 수단도 완벽 또는 견고하지 않습니다만, 당사는 수집된 정보를 보호하기 위해 상업적으로 합리적인 수단을 세우고 부정한 액세스 및 부적절한 이용으로부터 고객의 개인 정보를 보호하기 위해 기술적, 관리적, 물리적 수단을 실시하고 있습니다. 당사는 필요에 따라 내부 정책을 계속 검토하고 적절히 개선하도록 하겠습니다.
7. 개인정보 처리방침 갱신
당사는 본 개인정보 처리방침을 매번 갱신할 수 있습니다. 당사는 변경에 대해 갱신 날짜와 함께 여기에 게재하고 개인정보 수집, 이용, 또는 제공 방법에 대해서 중대한 변경이 있는 경우, 본 앱의 갱신판과 함께 통지하고 고객님에게 연락합니다.
8. 당사에 문의하기
본 개인정보 처리방침에 관한 정보, 고객의 개인 정보의 조회에 대한 문의 및 고충에 관한 문의에 대해서는 이하 양식을 이용하여 당사에 문의하여 주십시오.
고객문의 창구 : mobilemaster@pokemonkorea.co.kr
문의하실 때는 제목 앞에 [잉어킹]이라고 넣어 주세요
아시아 지역
인도
인도네시아
싱가포르
타이
파키스탄
필리핀
브루나이
베트남
말레이시아
중국(홍콩)
중국(마카오)
대만
일본
대한민국
Privacy Policy
(Last Updated June 27, 2018)
For users residing in Asia* (except Japan and South Korea)
The Pokémon Company, and its affiliates, Pokémon Center Co. Ltd., The Pokémon Company International, Inc., and Pokémon Korea Inc. (collectively “we,” “us,” “our,” “the Company”), are committed to the protection of your information. We have written this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to describe what information we collect during your use of Pokémon Quest (“the App”), why we collect it, how we use it, and under what circumstances we might disclose it.
This Privacy Policy and the
terms of use
(“Terms”) govern your use of the App. By downloading and using the App, you consent to the Terms and Privacy Policy. If you are a minor in your country of residence, you acknowledge that your parent/guardian has reviewed and consents to your use of the App subject to the Terms and this Privacy Policy. If you or your parent/guardian do not agree with the Terms or Privacy Policy, do not use the App.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected via the App, and does not apply to information that may be collected by us offline. Additionally, this Privacy Policy applies only to the App, and we are not responsible for the content or activities provided on linked or affiliates’ services, apps, or websites. Once you have clicked on an advertisement or other link and have left the App, our Privacy Policy no longer applies. Please read the privacy policy at the redirected location to see how your information will be handled.
Table of Contents
What information may be collected during your use of the App?
How do we collect information?
How do we use information we collect about you?
When will we disclose your information?
Storage and transfer of your information
What security measures do we take to safeguard your information?
Updates to Privacy Policy
How to contact us
1. What information may be collected during your use of the App?
“Personal Information” is information about an individual that can be used to personally identify that individual. Examples of Personal Information include: name, address, unique device identifier, date of birth, telephone number, fax number, email address, and video/photo of an individual. Personal Information can also include Non-Personal Information that, when combined with other information, can be used to identify an individual. Some of the technical information that is automatically collected from your mobile device also falls under the category of Personal Information. This includes your unique device identifier (“Device ID”), IP address, and identifiers for advertisers.
“Non-Personal Information” is information about an individual that, by itself, does not identify that individual. Some examples of Non-Personal Information include your anonymous Backup ID and in-game nickname, demographic information (age, gender, etc.), device hardware and software data, broad geographic information, App usage statistics, and purchase history.
“Financial Information” is information relating to payments and billing (e.g., account information, billing address, payment processing data). We do not collect Financial Information from you unless you voluntarily provide it—which we encourage you not to do. All financial transactions that may occur within the App are facilitated by a third-party payment service (such as Apple or Google). Your payment information is not shared with us. Please review the third parties’ policies to learn more about how our third-party payment processors handle your Personal Information and Financial Information.
2. How do we collect information?
We may receive Personal Information and Non-Personal Information from you directly when you voluntarily give it to us as part of a customer support inquiry, or when you access certain features or functions in the App that require personal information.
We also receive Non-Personal Information directly from you when you create a nickname and Backup ID or make in-App purchases. You may be able to create a nickname within the App. When creating a nickname, please do not use your actual name, initials, or any other information that could be used to personally identify you.
We also passively collect Non-Personal information about you through technological means like identifiers for advertisers, IP addresses, log files, analytics software embedded in the App, and other software tools. We may also receive information about you from our third-party service providers or other sources in relation to in-App purchase statistics.
3. How do we use information we collect about you?
We use Personal Information to provide certain features within the App, such as to respond to customer inquiries, as well as to provide customer support, for internal business operations, and for identity verification purposes.
We may use Non-Personal Information to monitor system performance and internal business operations, to improve the App, to fulfill requests for additional products, services, marketing activities, to provide customer support, and to conduct research.
Whatever the purpose may be, we will only collect information to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives.
4. When will we disclose your information?
We may share information with outside entities that assist with internal operations (including, without limitation, technical support, ad serving, hosting, data storage, analytics, and customer support). These entities shall include third parties located in foreign countries. In the course of providing such services, these companies may have access to your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. These entities have agreed to maintain the confidentiality and security of all the Personal Information they obtain from us.
We do not sell or rent Personal Information to third parties. Additionally, we will not allow third parties to use information about you for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of other unaffiliated third parties without your prior consent. We may share aggregated, Non-Personal Information publicly and with our partners.
We will also disclose information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures (a) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to enforce our Terms; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or protect the safety and security of the App or third parties.
In the event of a merger, sale of assets, acquisition, dissolution, reorganization, bankruptcy, change of control, or other similar event, your Personal Information may be transferred to our successor or assign, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law, or if we sell one or more of our businesses, your Personal Information may be transferred as a part of the sale.
5. Storage and transfer of your information
The information we collect from you will be stored predominantly in Ireland, Japan, and the United States. You acknowledge that your information may be transferred outside of your home territory to Ireland, the United States, and/or Japan and you consent to this transfer by using the App. You also acknowledge that the applicable laws of the territory in which we store your information may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country of residence.
6. What security measures do we take to safeguard your information?
No security measure is perfect or impenetrable, but we take commercially reasonable measures to protect information that we receive and have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access and improper use. We will continue to examine our internal policies as needed, and will improve as appropriate.
7. Updates to Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any changes here with an updated date, and, if there are any material changes in the way we collect, use, or share Personal Information, we will notify you by prominently posting notice with the updated version of the App.
8. How to contact us
In order to request information about this Privacy Policy, review your Personal Information, or file a complaint, please email us using the form below.
For users residing in the People’s Republic of China (Hong Kong) and the People’s Republic of China (Macau)
Help Desk: The Pokémon Company Personal Information Help Desk ( https://www.apppokemon.com/gate/ )
You may also contact us at:
The Pokémon Company
Roppongi Hills Mori Tower 8F
6-10-1　Roppongi Minato-ku Tokyo
〒106-6108
For users residing in other Asian legion
Help Desk: The Pokémon Company Personal Information Help Desk ( https://www.apppokemon.com/gate/ )
You may also contact us at:
The Pokémon Company International, Inc.
						10400 NE 4th Street, Suite 2800
						Bellevue, WA 98004 USA
*Asia
Republic of India
Republic of Indonesia
Republic of Singapore
Kingdom of Thailand
Islamic Republic of Pakistan
Republic of the Philippines
Brunei Darussalam
Socialist Republic of Viet Nam
Malaysia
People’s Republic of China (Hong Kong)
People’s Republic of China (Macau)
Taiwan
Japan
South Korea
《宝可梦探险寻宝》相关隐私政策
（2018年6月27日更新）
在日本及韩国以外的亚洲*居住的用户用
The Pokémon Company和包括Pokémon Center Co. Ltd.、The Pokémon Company International, Inc.以及Pokémon Korea Inc.在内的子公司（以下称“本公司”）致力于用户的信息保护。为说明用户在使用《宝可梦探险寻宝》（以下称“本应用”）时，本公司将收集哪些信息、为何需要收集、如何使用该信息以及在哪些情形下会披露信息，本公司制定了本隐私政策（以下称“本政策”）。
本隐私政策及
《宝可梦探险寻宝》使用条款
（以下称“本条款”）在用户使用本应用时将被适用。通过下载并使用本应用，视为用户同意本条款及本隐私政策的条件。用户在居住的国家为未成年人的，用户的监护人阅读本条款及本隐私政策，并以此为条件，由用户确认其监护人已同意其使用本应用。如用户或监护人不同意本条款或本隐私政策的条件，则不能使用本应用。
本隐私政策仅提供给通过本应用提供及收集的信息，不适用于本公司在线下收集的信息。此外，本隐私政策仅适用于本应用，本公司对于链接对象或其关联公司的服务、应用或网站的内容及业务活动不承担责任。如用户点击广告或其他链接，从本应用移动到其他网站等时，将不再适用本隐私政策。如为确认用户的信息是如何被处理的，请确认移动对象所适用的隐私政策。
目录
使用本应用时，哪些信息将会被收集？
如何收集信息？
如何使用收集的用户的信息？
在哪些情形下会披露用户的信息？
用户的信息的保管和转移
为保护用户的信息，采取了哪些安全手段？
隐私政策的更新
联系本公司
1. 使用本应用时，哪些信息将会被收集？
“个人信息”是指，与个人有关的信息，是为特定用户个人所使用的信息。个人信息具体包括姓名、地址、唯一设备识别符、出生年月日、电话号码、传真号码、电子邮件地址及个人的录像以及照片等。个人信息中也包括在与其他信息组合时可以特定个人的非个人信息。
对于从用户的移动设备自动收集的部分技术信息，也会被归入个人信息。该等个人信息包括唯一设备识别符、IP地址及广告识别符。
“非个人信息”是指，与个人有关的信息，但仅凭该信息无法将特定的个人特定化的信息。非个人信息包括匿名的备份编码及游戏中的昵称、人口统计的信息（年龄、性别等）、硬件和设备及软件数据、宽泛的地理信息、应用的工作统计和购买记录等。
“财务信息”是指，与支付及请款有关的信息（例如：账户信息、请款对象的地址、支付处理数据）。除非用户自愿提供，本公司不会故意向用户收集财务信息。并且，请避免向本公司提供财务信息。在本应用内进行的支付结算将通过第三方的支付服务进行。用户的支付信息不会被共享给本公司。如需确认实施该支付处理的第三方是如何处理用户的个人信息及财务信息有关的内容，请参考該第三方之钱包的隐私政策。
2. 如何收集信息？
作为用户支持相关咨询的组成部分，如用户自愿向本公司提供的，用户访问需要个人信息的本应用内特定的板块或功能时，本公司可从用户处直接获取个人信息及非个人信息。
本公司在用户设置昵称、备份编码或在应用中进行支付时，将直接从用户处获取非个人信息。用户可在本应用内设置昵称。设置昵称时，请避免使用真名、缩写或其他可以特定用户的信息。
其次，通过广告识别符、IP地址、日志文件、植入本应用的解析软件以及其他软件工具等技术方法被动收集与用户有关的非个人信息。此外，本公司的服务提供商或其他信息源，例如关于应用内付费的统计可从处理付费之第三方获取用户的信息。
3.　如何使用收集的用户的信息？
本公司为本应用中的特定功能，或回答用户的咨询，提供用户支持，以及为公司内部业务或确认本人而使用用户的个人信息。本公司可以为监测系统性能及公司内部业务、改善本应用、追加商品及服务以及应对营销活动有关的要求，提供用户支持，并出于调查的目的而使用非个人信息。
无论何种目的，本公司仅在应对用户要求和实现本公司合法营业目的，在合理且必要的限度内收集信息。
4. 在哪些情形下会披露用户的信息？
本公司可以向支持本应用的内部业务（包括但不限于技术支持、广告提供、托管、数据保存、分析及用户服务）的外部供应商提供信息。该等外部供应商，从用户居住的国家来看，包括在国外的第三方。在提供该服务的过程中，该等外部供应商可以访问用户的个人信息及非个人信息。该等企业同意对于从本公司获得的所有个人信息承担保密义务及安全守护义务。
本公司不会将个人信息出售或出借给第三方。此外，本公司未经用户事先同意，不会许可第三方为其营销或其他非关联公司的营销而使用用户的信息。本公司可以向政府部门或本公司的经营伙伴提供收集的非个人信息。
此外，信息披露是因(a)依照法院的命令或传票等根据法律法规被要求的；(b)认为有益于遵守本条款，即，基于诚实信用的考量，出于保护用户的安全（包括属于用户的财产的安全及其他安全），及/或保护本应用或第三方的安全时，本公司可能会披露用户的信息。
在企业合并、资产出售、收购、解散、重组、破产、控制权变更以及其他类似的情形下，如该等行为被适用法律所允许且根据适用法律被实施的，用户的信息将转移或转让给承继方，本公司出售一项或多项业务的，用户的个人信息将作为该出售业务的一部分被转移。
5. 用户的信息的保管和转移
本公司收集的用户信息，主要保管在日本、美国及/或爱尔兰共和国。用户确认自己的信息被转移到居住国以外的日本、美国及/或爱尔兰共和国，并通过使用本应用同意转移该信息。并且，用户也在此确认，保管用户信息的国家的适用法律并不给予与用户居住国的法律同等的保护。
6. 为保护用户的信息，采取了哪些安全手段？
虽然任何安全手段都不是完美或坚固的，但本公司为保护获得的信息将采取商业上合理的手段，为保护用户的个人信息不被非法访问及不适当的使用，采取技术、管理及物理性手段。本公司将根据需要持续验证内部政策，适当进行改善。
7. 隐私政策的更新
本公司可随时更新本隐私政策。本公司将在此发布变更的内容以及更新日期，对于个人信息的收集、使用或提供方法进行重大变更时，在发布本应用的更新版的同时，还将发布显著通告联系用户。
8. 联系本公司
与本隐私政策的信息、用户的个人信息的查询有关的咨询或投诉有关的联系，请通过以下表格通知本公司。
在【香港、台湾】居住的用户，请使用以下表格。
联系窗口 ( https://www.apppokemon.com/quest/sc/ )
The Pokémon Company
〒106-6108东京都港区六本木6-10-1 六本木Hills森Tower 8F
在【上述以外亚洲其他地区】居住的用户，请使用以下表格。
联系窗口 ( https://www.apppokemon.com/gate/ )
The Pokemon Company International, Inc.
601 108th Avenue, NE, Suite 1600
Bellevue, WA 98004
亚洲*
印度共和国
印度尼西亚共和国
新加坡共和国
泰国
巴基斯坦伊斯兰共和国
菲律宾共和国
文莱达鲁萨兰国
越南社会主义共和国
马来西亚
中国（香港）
中国（澳门）
台湾
日本
韩国
《寶可夢探險尋寶》隱私權政策
（2018年6月27日更新）
居住於日本及韓國以外的亞洲*的用戶所適用
The Pokémon Company和包括Pokémon Center Co. Ltd.、The Pokémon Company International, Inc.以及Pokémon Korea Inc.在內的子公司（以下稱「本公司」）致力於保護您的資訊。為說明在您使用《寶可夢探險尋寶》（以下稱「本APP軟體」）時，本公司將蒐集哪些資訊，為何須蒐集該等資訊，如何使用該等資訊，且在何種情況下揭露該等資訊，本公司制定此隱私權政策（以下稱「本隱私權政策」）。
本隱私權政策及
《寶可夢探險尋寶》使用條款
（以下稱「本條款」）於您使用本APP軟體時適用。經由下載並使用本APP軟體，視為您同意本條款及本隱私權政策的規定。如您在居住的國家為未成年人時，應由您的監護人閱讀本條款及本隱私權政策，並以此為條件，您確認監護人已同意您使用本APP軟體。如您或監護人不同意本條款或本隱私權政策規定時，則不能利用本APP軟體。
本隱私權政策僅適用於經由本APP軟體所提供及蒐集的資訊，不適用於本公司於離線狀態下所蒐集之資訊。此外，本隱私權政策僅適用於本APP軟體，本公司對於另以連結引導之網頁或關係企業之服務、應用程式或網站的內容及事業活動不負責任。如您點擊廣告或其他連結，從本APP軟體移動到其他網站等時，不適用本隱私權政策。如為確認您的資訊將被如何處理，請確認該網站之隱私權政策。
目錄
使用本APP軟體時，哪些資訊將被蒐集？
如何蒐集資訊？
如何使用所蒐集的您的資訊？
於何種情形將揭露您的資訊？
關於您的資訊的保管和移轉
為保護您的資訊，本公司採取哪些保護措施？
隱私權政策的更新
與本公司連絡
1. 使用本APP軟體時，哪些資訊將被蒐集？
「個人資訊」是指與個人有關，且為特定您的個人身分所使用的資訊。個人資訊的具體事例如姓名、地址、唯一設備識別符、出生年月日、電話號碼、傳真號碼、電子郵件地址及個人的錄影及照片等。此外，亦包括與其他資訊組合時可特定該個人身分的非個人資訊。
對於從您的行動裝置自動蒐集的部分技術資訊，也屬於個人資訊。該等個人資訊包括唯一設備識別符、IP位址及廣告用識別符。
「非個人資訊」是指雖與個人有關，但單依該資訊無法特定個人身分的資訊。非個人資訊包括匿名的備份ID及遊戲中的暱稱、人口統計的資訊（年齡、性別等）、硬體裝置及軟體數據、廣域地理資訊、應用程式的運作統計和購買履歷等。
「財務資訊」是指關於支付及請款的資訊（例如：帳戶資訊、請款地址、支付處理數據）。如您未主動提供，本公司不會刻意蒐集您的財務資訊。請避免向本公司提供財務資訊。在本APP軟體內進行的支付結算將經由第三人（即Apple或Google）的支付服務進行。您的支付資訊將不會與本公司共享。關於該進行支付服務之第三人將如何處理您的個人資訊及財務資訊，請參考Apple及Google Wallet的隱私權政策。
2. 如何蒐集資訊？
如您主動向本公司提供個人資訊以作為諮詢客服之部分內容時，或經或您為存取須提供個人資訊之本APP軟體的特定規格或功能時，本公司可以從您直接取得個人資訊及非個人資訊。
在您設定暱稱、備份ID或在應用程式中進行支付時，本公司將直接從您取得非個人資訊。您可於本APP軟體內設定暱稱。設定暱稱時，請避免使用本名、縮寫或其他得以特定您個人身分的資訊。
本公司經由廣告用識別符、IP位址、日誌檔、植入本APP軟體的解析軟體以及其他軟體工具等技術方法被動收集與您有關的非個人資訊。此外，本公司的服務提供公司或其他資訊源，例如就應用程式中付費的統計，可自處理支付的第三人取得您的資訊。
3. 如何使用所蒐集的您的資訊？
本公司為提供本APP軟體中的特定功能、或為回覆您的諮詢、提供用戶支援服務以及為公司內部業務或進行本人確認時，將使用您的個人資訊。本公司為監測系統性能及公司內部業務、改善本APP軟體、因應關於追加商品或服務及行銷活動之要求、提供用戶支援服務以及進行調查時，可使用非個人資訊。
無論目的如何，本公司僅於因應您的要求及執行本公司的合法營業目的之合理且必要的限度內蒐集資訊。
4. 於何種情形將揭露您的資訊？
本公司可向支援本APP軟體的內部業務（包含但不限於技術支援、廣告提供、代管（hosting）、資料保存、分析及用戶支援）的外部業者提供資訊。該等外部業者，從您居住的國家來看，包括在國外的第三人。在該服務的提供過程中，該等外部業者可存取您的個人資訊及非個人資訊。該等業者同意對於從本公司獲得的所有個人資訊負保密義務並確保其安全性。
本公司不會將個人資訊出售或出借予第三人。如未經您的事先同意，本公司不會為第三人或其他非關係企業之行銷，而授權第三人使用您的資訊。本公司可公開或向本公司的經營夥伴提供所收集的非個人資訊。
本公司認為揭露資訊是(a)因法院命令或傳票等依法所要求或(b)有助於遵守本條款時（意即，為保護您的安全與保障（包括您的財產安全及其他安全性確保）、及/或保護本APP軟體或第三人之安全與保障，依誠信原則判斷時），本公司可能揭露您的資訊。
在企業合併、資產出售、收購、解散、公司重整、破產、經營權變更或其他類此情形下，如果該等行為為應適用法令所允許，且依應適用法令而進行時，您的資訊將移轉或轉讓予繼受公司，於本公司出售單一或複數事業時，您的個人資訊可能作為該出售的一部分而被移轉。
5. 關於您的資訊的保管和移轉
本公司向您所收集的資訊，主要保管於日本、美國及/或愛爾蘭共和國。您經由確認自己的資訊被移轉到居住國以外的日本、美國及/或愛爾蘭共和國，並且使用本APP軟體的行為，同意該資訊的移轉。您亦確認保管您的資訊的國家所適用法令並不給予您與居住國法令同等的保護。
6. 為保護您的資訊，本公司採取哪些保護措施？
雖然任何保護措施都不是完美或堅固的，但是本公司為保護所取得的資訊，採取商業上合理措施，為保護您的個人資訊不被不當存取及不當利用，實施技術、管理及物理性措施。本公司將依需要持續檢視內部處理方針，適當進行改善。
7. 隱私權政策的更新
本公司可隨時更新本隱私權政策。本公司將在此刊登變更的內容以及更新日期，對於個人資訊的蒐集、使用或提供方法有重大變更時，在刊登本APP軟體的更新版的同時，也將以更顯著的通知方式與您連絡。
8. 與本公司連絡
本隱私權政策的相關資訊、關於您的個人資訊的確認等諮詢或關於申訴的連絡，請利用以下表格通知本公司。
居住於【香港、台灣】的用戶，請使用以下表格。
客服窗口 ( s://www.apppokemon.com/quest/tc/ )
The Pokémon Company
〒106-6108日本東京都港區六本木6-10-1 六本木Hills森Tower 8F
居住於【上述以外亞洲其他地區】的用戶，請使用以下表格。
客服窗口 ( https://www.apppokemon.com/gate/ )
The Pokemon Company International, Inc.
601 108th Avenue, NE, Suite 1600
Bellevue, WA 98004
亞洲*
印度共和國
印尼共和國
新加坡共和國
泰國王國
巴基斯坦伊斯蘭共和國
菲律賓共和國
文萊達魯薩蘭國
越南社會主義共和國
馬來西亞
中國（香港）
中國（澳門）
台灣
日本
南韓
ページトップへ