Plays application privacy policy
The following separate privacy policy applies to the Plays mobile app provided by Animo Apps LTD, available via the Apple Appstore. The protection of your personal data is important to Plays. By downloading our application from the iTunes Appstore, you have legitimised yourself to the respective Appstore, e.g. via your Apple ID. Any use by Apple of the data collected in connection with the download or use of the application that is not in compliance with the European Data Protection Regulation cannot therefore be ruled out by Plays. Plays has no influence on this. However, Plays does not pass on data to Apple. Below you will find information on which personal data is collected, processed or stored by Plays.
Contact Details of the Responsible Person
The responsible party within the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other national data protection laws as well as other data protection provisions is: Animo Apps LTD, 13 Ringwood Close, Desford, Leicester, Leicestershire, England, LE9 9HZ.
Collection of Personal Data when Visiting Our Mobile Application (App)
As a matter of principle, Plays collects and uses personal data of its users only insofar as this is necessary for the provision of a functioning app as well as the contents and services. Each time the app is opened, the following data is automatically recorded by the system of the calling end device and stored in log files: Name of the retrieved file, date and time of retrieval, amount of data transferred, notification of successful retrieval, type of your mobile device and operating system. These data are not merged with other data sources. The legal basis for the collection of the data and its storage in log files is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f) GDPR. The temporary collection of data by the system is necessary to enable delivery of the app to your end device and to ensure its playback. The data is also stored in log files to ensure the stability and functionality of the app. Furthermore, the data serves to optimise the app and to guarantee the security of the information technology systems against possible attacks from outside. This is also the legitimate interest in data processing according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f) GDPR. The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected, at the latest after seven days. The collection of data for the provision of the app and its storage in log files is necessary for the operation of the app, so that there is no possibility for you to object.
Note on App Permissions
When downloading and installing our apps, certain authorisations and access to your smartphone are requested. These are exclusively for the functionality of our apps. We do not use the authorisations in any other way, such as “spying” on data on your smartphone; instead, the authorisations are used exclusively for the functionality of the functions offered by our app. When installing the app on your device, you can decide whether you want to receive push messages from Plays. We collect, store and use the following data to send the push messages: Parameter “pushkey” (key from Apple via which the push is then sent, parameter “os” (to distinguish between the operating system), optional parameter “cat” (categories for which the user registers), optional parameter “theme” (themes for which the user registers), parameter “alert” (1 or 0, whether the user would like to receive an alert or not). The data is required to ensure that the push messages are delivered precisely to the device in accordance with the push configuration in the app. The legal basis for the processing of this data is your consent, Art. 6 para. 1 a) GDPR. You can deactivate the push notification function at any time by either switching off the push function in the settings of the installed app or by selecting the corresponding app in the settings of your smartphone under “Apps” and configuring the notification function as desired.
Data Processing and Confidentiality when Contacting Us
In the app, you have the option of contacting Plays via e-mail (hello@weareplays.com). The personal data transmitted by e-mail (e.g. name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) is used exclusively to process your contact enquiries. The data will not be passed on to third parties. The legal basis for the processing of the data transmitted by e-mail is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f) GDPR. The aforementioned purposes also constitute the legitimate interest in processing the data according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f) GDPR. The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. This is the case when the processing of your respective enquiry has been completed, i.e. it can be inferred from the circumstances that the matter in question has been conclusively clarified. You have the option at any time to revoke your consent to the processing of personal data and to object to the storage of your personal data that you have sent to Plays by e-mail. In this case, the conversation cannot be continued. To do this, you can contact Plays by e-mail (hello@weareplays.com). All personal data stored in the course of contacting you will then be deleted. Plays points out that the confidentiality of e-mails or other electronic forms of communication on the internet cannot be guaranteed. For confidential information, the postal service is recommended.
Upload Functions
For the upload function in our app, no further data is collected, stored or processed apart from the content (images) uploaded by you. The collection of the data serves solely to create your compositions (artworks). The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR. The name you choose for your composition (artwork), together with your composition (artwork), may automatically appear within the app. If you delete your account with Plays, your compositions (artworks) will be removed from the app. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
Your Rights
If your personal data is processed, you have the following rights as a data subject within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) vis-à-vis Animo Apps LTD as the responsible party: You have the right to request information from us about the personal data processed about you in accordance with the statutory provisions (Art. 15 GDPR). You also have the right to have inaccurate or incomplete personal data relating to you corrected and/or completed (Article 16 of the GDPR). Furthermore, you can demand that we delete without delay, or perform the deletion yourself from within the app, of the personal data concerning you (Art. 17 GDPR). Under the conditions set out in Article 18 of the GDPR, you have the right to restrict processing. You also have the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning you at any time (Art. 21 GDPR) and to withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data at any time (Art. 13 para. 2 lit. c) GDPR). The revocation of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation. Please address corresponding requests to (hello@weareplays.com). If you believe that your legitimate interests have been violated by the processing of your personal data by Plays, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Article 77 of the GDPR). This is the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), contact: https://ico.org.uk/.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us by e-mail (hello@weareplays.com).