At Mobimi Games we love making fun and entertaining games available on mobile devices. Mobimi Games respects the privacy concerns of all users of its Games, Websites and related Services. Mobimi Games does not target its Games, Websites and related Services to users under the age of 13.
By using our Games, Websites and related Services you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing, collection, use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Games, websites and related Services.
Throughout our Games, Websites and related Services, we may collect non-personal data. This is data which does not identify you directly, but may be aggregated with other data to help us improve our Games, Websites and related Services and otherwise in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Our Policy Regarding Children
Mobimi Games does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us. By using our Games, Websites and related Services, you represent that you are at age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed our Games, Websites and related Services and agreed to use these.
All of our games are made for people who are at least 13 years of age.
Please note:
You can find published age recommendations on: Apple's App Store on iTunes and Google Play. However, these age or maturity classifications refer only to the content in our games (similar to movie ratings G, PG or PG-13 in the U.S., but related to gameplay, animations, etc.). For more on how these categories are defined, visit these support websites for
Apple
and
Google
.
What is Personal Information and why do we collect it from you?
Personal Information is information or an opinion that identifies you as an individual. We collect and store your email, where you nominate to specifically allow our games to collect your email. If you contact us directly for any reason, we may also keep a copy of that correspondence. Your email is collected only to keep you informed of new Mobimi Games products and changes to our existing products.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is defined in the US Privacy Act (1974) to include information or opinion about such things as an individuals racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.
Mobimi Games will not attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Security of Personal Information
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
We don't guarantee website links or policy of authorised third parties and you access those sites at your own risk.
Interest Based Advertising
When you use our apps, third parties may collect data about your mobile device and how you use our apps in order to serve ads on other apps or websites that are tailored to your interests, a practice known as “interest-based advertising“. Examples of data that may be collected can include: IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications on the device, how you use our apps, items you put in your basket, or any links you click on when you are in our apps. You have a choice about participating in interest-based advertising. If you wish to opt out, please use one of the following methods:
For instructions on how to “Limit Ad Tracking“ in the iOS, please visit
this link
.
For instructions on how to “Opt out of interest-based ads“ in Android OS, please visit
this link
.
Collection of other Non-Personal Information
Though Mobimi Games itself does not use cookies in order to track your movement around the web, our websites and apps may contain APIs from third parties.
Our third party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
AdMob:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
GameAnalytics:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
Unity Ads:
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Unity Analytics:
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Huawei Ads:
Huawei Ads Privacy Policy
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at
http://www.mobimigames.com/privacy.html
. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
Complaints
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy at the address below.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at mobimigames@gmail.com
Last updated: June 18, 2020
This site uses cookies to improve your user experience.
Read More
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
Sub-policy 1
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy:
No items found.
Logos
Solutions
Analytics
Make data-driven decisions
Ad & Market Intelligence
Go beyond standard insights
Data Management
Out-of-the-box data pipelines
What's New
Latest updates to our product suite
Explore
Live Ops
Benchmarks
User Analysis
Integrations
Explore
Data Warehouse
Data Export
API Access
Use cases
Ideate & Validate
Analyze & Iterate
Operate & Scale
Pricing
Customers
Resources
Blog
The #1 game industry blog
Reports & Guides
Our own research and insights
Support
Contact our support team
Feedback
Submit your feature requests
Documentation
Detailed technical documentation
Login
Get started
Product
Analytics
Live Ops
Benchmarks
User Analysis
Integrations
Ad & Market Intelligence
Data Management
Data Warehouse
Data Export
API Access
Use cases
Ideate & Validate
Analyze & Iterate
Operate & Scale
Explore
Pricing
Blog
Customers
Reports & Guides
Support
What's new
Feedback
Documentation
Trusts
/
Privacy
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Last updated: Aug 21, 2023
Version: 2.2
Who we are and what we do
We are GameAnalytics ApS, a company registered in Denmark under company number 34043221, with our registered office at Pilestræde 58, 2, 1112 Copenhagen K, Denmark.
Our affiliate, GameAnalytics Limited is a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 09214168, with their registered office at 18 Soho Square, London, England, W1D 3QL.
GameAnalytics Limited is registered with the UK supervisory authority, Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) in relation to our processing of Personal Data under registration number ZA439557.
We are an ‘in game’ analytics service provider, working in partnership with developers around the world to monitor and improve everything about their games.
GameAnalytics ApS, together with its affiliate GameAnalytics Limited, (“GameAnalytics”, “we”, “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all Personal Data processed as part of its business activities.
Unless we notify you otherwise, we are the controller of the Personal Data we process about you. This means that we decide what Personal Data to collect and how to process it.
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain what Personal Data we collect about you and how we process it. This privacy notice also explains your rights, so please read it carefully. If you have any questions, you can contact us using the information provided below under the ‘How to contact us’ section.
For residents in Mainland China, please read the GameAnalytics China PIPL Privacy Notice at https://gameanalytics.com/legal/pipl-china.
Who this privacy notice applies to
This privacy notice applies to you if:
You visit our website
You register and/or create a GameAnalytics Account
You enquire about our products and/or services
You purchase goods or services from us
You are an existing client
You contact us by email, telephone or by using our online contact form
You sign up to receive newsletters and/or other promotional communications from us
What Personal Data is
‘‘Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
‘Special Category Personal Data’ is more sensitive Personal Data and includes information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying someone, data concerning physical or mental health or data concerning someone’s sex life or sexual orientation.  Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
Personal Data we collect
The type of Personal Data we collect about you will depend on our relationship with you. For the type of Personal Data we collect, see the table below in the section entitled ‘Purposes for which we use personal data and the legal bases’.
How we collect your Personal Data
We collect most of the Personal Data directly from you in person, by telephone, text or email and/or via our website.
However, we may also collect your Personal Data from third parties such as:
reputable companies who provide lead generation contact lists
others to whom you have provided consent
publicly available sources such as social media platforms
sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services
advertising networks
analytics and tracking software providers and
search information providers
Purposes for which we use personal data and the legal bases
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows. Most commonly, we will use your Personal Data in the following circumstances
:
Purpose
Lawful Basis for Processing
Responding to correspondence from you
It is in our legitimate interest to respond to enquiries made via our website, by email, through our social channels or any other means.
Sending you information on sales events or product information which may be of interest
If you are an existing customer or have expressed an interest in our products or services, we will rely on legitimate interests to contact you for marketing purposes.
You may object to the processing for this purpose by emailing privacy@gameanalytics.com. If we have captured your consent for the purposes of marketing, that consent may be withdrawn at any time by emailing privacy@gameanalytics.com or using the unsubscribe option.
Provision of our services
Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract between us.
To maintain a record of contact for current client engagement
It is our legitimate interest to maintain a record of the contact we have with you within our client database.
Business management, forecasting and statistical purposes
It is our legitimate interest to identify areas for managing current business relationships, develop new products and services, and for managing our business.
Improving our websites and the overall website visitor and user experience
It is our legitimate interest to allow analytics and search engine providers to help improve and optimise our websites.
Improving our websites and the overall website visitor and user experience.
We use cookies on our websites with your consent.
Improving our platform and the overall client experience.
It is our legitimate interest to utilise analytical and tracking software to help improve and optimise our client platform.
Where Personal Data is processed because it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, we will be unable to provide our services without the required information.
Sharing your Personal Data
We may also disclose your information to third parties in connection with other purposes set out in this privacy notice. These third parties may include:
business partners, suppliers and sub-processors* who may process information on our behalf
advertisers, social media platforms, and advertising networks
analytics and search engine providers
IT service providers
*A list of our sub-processors is available upon request.
This site may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our site, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Where we are under a legal or regulatory duty to do so, we may disclose your details to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors, and/or, where we consider necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of GameAnalytics, its personnel, users or others.
International Transfers
Your Personal Data may be transferred internationally, this is because the organisations we use to provide our service to you are based outside the EU/UK.
We have taken appropriate steps to ensure that any Personal Data being processed internationally, still has an equivalent level of protection to that guaranteed in the EU/UK. We do this by ensuring that:
Your Personal Data is only processed in a country which the Secretary of State has confirmed has an adequate level of protection (an adequacy regulation) or
We either enter into EU Standard Contractual Clauses or an International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) with the receiving organisation and adopt supplementary measures where necessary. (A copy of the IDTA can be found here international-data-transfer-agreement.pdf (ico.org.uk))
How long we keep your data
We will retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide you with our services and for a reasonable period thereafter to enable us to meet our contractual and legal obligations and to deal with complaints and claims.
At the end of the retention period, your personal data will be securely deleted or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data, so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
How we protect your data
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
GameAnalytics is SOC2 Type II** compliant and
ISO27001 certified
. You can review our real-time
Trust Report
and address any inquiries that you may have at
security@gameanalytics.com
.
** The SOC2 Type II Report is available upon request.
In addition to the technical and organisational measures we have put in place, there are simple things you can do to in order to further protect your personal information, such as:
Never share One Time Passcodes (OTPs) or passwords.
Never enter your details after clicking on a link in an email or text message.
Always send confidential information by encrypted email to reduce risk of interception.
If you’re logged into any online service do not leave your computer unattended.
Close down your internet browser once you’ve logged off.
Never download software or let anyone log on to your computer or devices remotely, during or after a cold call.
You can easily identify secure websites by looking at the address in the top of your browser which will begin https:// rather than http://.
Your data protection rights
GameAnalytics would like to make sure you are fully aware of your rights. We will always ensure, no matter where you are located in the world, that we adhere to and fully respect your data protection rights.
You have the following rights if you are located in the EU or UK:
Rights
Description
Right to be informed
Individuals have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data.
Right of access
Individuals have the right to receive a copy of their personal data, and other supplementary information.
Right to rectification
Individuals have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified or completed if it is incomplete.
Right to erasure (the ‘right to be forgotten’)
Individuals have the right to request their personal information to be erased, in certain circumstances.
Right to restrict processing
Individuals have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data, in certain circumstances, in particular:
if your data is not accurate;
if your data has been used unlawfully but you do not want us to delete it;
if your data is no longer needed, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claims; or
if you have already asked us to stop using your data but you are waiting to receive confirmation from us as to whether we can comply with your request.
Right to data portability
Individuals have the right to obtain and reuse their personal data, in a machine-readable format, for their own purposes across different services, in certain circumstances.
Right to object
Individuals have the right to object to the processing of their personal data, in certain circumstances.
Where we are using your personal data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so, you can object to us using it this way.
Where we are using your personal data for direct marketing, including profiling for direct marketing purposes, you have an absolute right to ask us to stop doing so.
Rights with respect to automated decision-making and profiling
Individuals have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
In addition to the above, an individual also has the following rights:
Rights
Description
Right to withdraw consent
(if applicable)
Where we are using your personal data based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Our lead EU data protection supervisory authority is the Danish Datatilsynet and you can submit a complaint via this
link
(local language).
You can also submit a complaint directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection in the UK, via this
link
.
If you are based anywhere within the EEA a list of supervisory authorities can be found via this
link
.
If you are based in Switzerland, you can contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via this
link
(local language).
Exercising your data protection rights
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
If you wish to exercise your data protection rights, please email
privacy@gameanalytics.com
.
Recruitment
We may advertise job vacancies and opportunities on the careers section of our website, for more information on how we process candidate information please read our recruitment privacy notice.
Children’s Privacy
GameAnalytics is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and protecting the online privacy of children under the age of 13. Our services are not directed at children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information, including persistent identifiers, from such individuals without verifiable parental consent.
As required by COPPA, our privacy policy clearly states that we do not share personal information or persistent identifiers related to children with third parties.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with their Personal Data without your consent, please contact us via email at
privacy@gameanalytics.com
or via phone at +45 20110132.
By using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our commitment to COPPA compliance and our practices regarding the collection and use of personal information from children.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies do lots of different jobs, such as letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and providing you with content that is relevant to you.
We use cookies on our website, more information about which can be found within our
Cookie Policy
.
How to contact us
If you would like to exercise your statutory data protection rights, or if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle personal data, please contact us using the details below.
‍
Danish office:
GameAnalytics ApS
Pilestræde 58, 2,
1112 Copenhagen K,
Denmark
Email: dkoffice@gameanalytics.com
UK office:
GameAnalytics Limited
18 Soho Square,
London,
W1D 3QL
Email: ukoffice@gameanalytics.com.
Please send your communication clearly indicating ‘F.A.O. Data Protection Officer’ and your message will be passed directly to the DPO for attention.
How To Complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you are concerned about the way in which we are handling your Personal Data.
Our lead EU data protection supervisory authority is the Danish Datatilsynet and you can contact them and/or submit a complaint via this
link
(local language).
You can also submit a complaint directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection in the UK, via this
link.
If you are based anywhere within the EEA a list of supervisory authorities can be found via this
link
.
If you are based in Switzerland, you can contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via this
link
(local language).
Changes to this privacy notice
We may update this notice (and any supplemental privacy notice), from time to time as shown below. We will notify you of the changes where required by applicable law to do so.
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Sub-policy 2
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 3
https://consumer.huawei.com/minisite/cloudservice/ad/privacy-statement.htm?country=CN&language=en-us&version=20191025:
