Privacy Policy
Redemption Games’ Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 17, 2020
1. Introduction
Redemption Games, Inc. (collectively, “Redemption”, “us”, “our” or “we”) develops and publish games for mobile devices. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and disclose the information, including personal information, and data that our users (“users” or “you”) provide or we collect in connection via the Redemption website available at
https://www.redemptiongames.com/
and any Redemption game provided on a mobile platform (each a “Service,” collectively, the “Services”). Additionally, this Policy describes your rights and choices concerning your information.
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by Redemption through your use of the Services. Redemption is not responsible for the actions of individuals with no relationship to Redemption or third-party companies, the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those individuals or companies.
If you do not want Redemption to collect, store, use, or share your information in the ways described in this Policy, you should not use our Services.
2. Information and Data We Collect from You and How We Collect It
When you use our Services, you may give us your contact information directly on our website, generally your name and email address.
Registration Information:
We may also offer you the option to complete a user profile that is visible to other Redemption users (“Account”). If you create an Account, you may provide us your name, a username, e-mail address, a password and other information that helps us confirm that it is you accessing your Account. We may do this through in-game dialog boxes, which you may choose to skip. If you sign into the Services with Facebook Connect we will collect information that is visible via your Facebook account such as: (1) your first and last name, (2) Facebook ID, (3) Profile Picture/URL, and (4) list of Facebook friends. Your Account may be used to publicly identify you as part of social features of the Services, which may include user-to-user interaction, chat or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition, and other similar features. The Redemption username will be public and will be shown to other users, but will only permit access to information that is considered public or that you have designated as public in your user profile settings.
We may also offer you the ability to import your contacts or manually enter e-mail addresses so that you can locate your contacts on Redemption and invite your contacts to join you in the Services. We will store those contacts for purposes of helping you and your contacts make connections through our Services.
Payment Information
When you order any good or service through the Services, including any virtual currency or virtual good, our payment processing service provider will collect your name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, and complete credit card information that enables them to receive your payment. Our payment processing service provider may also retain this information to enable you to purchase additional items through our Services without having to re-enter it each time. Please note that purchases from third parties may also be subject to additional policies
Information Collected by Customer Support
When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your gameplay or activity on the Services, and your user-name or ID number. We will also store the correspondence and any information contained within.
Technical and Usage Information
When you access our Services, we may collect (i) certain technical information about your mobile device or computer system, including IP Address, mobile device ID (IDFA, Google Advertising ID or other identifiers), and the version of your operating system; and (ii) usage statistics about your interactions with the Services. In certain Services we will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as username, character name, or e-mail address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the Services. This information is typically collected through the use of third-party mobile device software development kits. We may occasionally send you push notifications through our Services to send you game updates, high scores and other service-related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
3. How We Use Your Information
Redemption’s primary goals in using your information are to create your account, provide Services to you, troubleshoot, improve and optimize our Services, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use. We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:
– Create accounts and allow users to use our Services;
– Identify and suggest connections with other Redemption users;
– Operate and improve our Services;
– Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
– Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
– Provide and deliver products and services you request;
– Deliver advertising and marketing and promotional information to you;
– Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
– Communicate with you about promotions, contests, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Redemption and our selected partners;
– Conduct and administer contests promoted by Redemption;
– Enable you to communicate with other users; and
– Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Use of Your Information by Others
Third Party Services. We may provide your information to third party companies to perform certain services, including but not limited to hosting services, payment processing, analytics, customer service and to assist us in our marketing efforts. Where we share your information with third-party service providers and business partners, we ensure that we have appropriate agreements in place to protect your information as required by applicable data protection laws.
Advertising. To the extent we display advertising in our Services, we may allow advertising networks of our affiliates and partner networks to collect information about your mobile device to enable them to serve targeted ads to you. Such mobile device data includes the following:
– Device make, model and operating system;
– Device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio volume and battery;
– Carrier;
– Operating system;
– Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
– Country, time zone and locale settings (country and preferred language);
– Network connection type and speed;
– IP Address;
– Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services; and
– Advertising ID (IDFA on iOS devices and GAID on Android devices).
A list of these advertising partners and their privacy policies is available at
https://www.redemptiongames.com/advertising-partners/
. The privacy policies of our partners may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection and use practices. We encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their practices.
You may visit
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
or
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu
(for individuals in the EU) to learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of this form of advertising on your web browser by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) self-regulatory program. If you wish to opt-out of interest based advertising in mobile apps on your device by companies that participate in the DAA’s AppChoices app, you may download that app onto your device and exercise your choice. AppChoices is available at the links below:
DAA AppChoices iOS
DAA AppChoices Android
DAA AppChoices Amazon
You may also limit data collection by third parties by using your mobile device settings. Please note that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. Additionally, please not that if you use a different browser or erase cookies from your browser, or use a different mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices.
4. How We May Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
Redemption does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described in this Policy.
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties for the following purposes:
– With service providers that perform services on our behalf, including the ones referenced above under “Third Party Services”;
– With our affiliates;
– For analytics and research purposes;
– When we have a good faith belief that we have to disclose the information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including law enforcement or legal process purposes;
– To satisfy any applicable laws or regulations;
– When we believe in our sole discretion that our Services are being used in committing a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to share information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and other security precautions;
– To protect our or a third party’s legal rights, investigate fraud, or to defend against a legal claim;
– As part of a business transfer such as a merger, acquisition, or at bankruptcy;
– We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties; and
– We may use analytics services provided by third parties, including Google Analytics. These service providers may use cookies to collect information about your online activities across this and other sites over time for non-advertising purposes. To learn more about how Google analytics collects and processes data and the choices Google may offer to control these activities, you may visit
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
.
5. Specific Provisions for EU Individuals
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information. At any time, you may contact Redemption at the address provided in the “Contact Redemption Games” section herein and request to access the personal data that Redemption holds about you. Redemption may need to ask you to provide certain information to make sure you are who you claim to be. If you find the information on your account is not accurate, complete or updated, then please provide Redemption with the necessary information to correct it.
Withdrawing Your Consent. Contact us if you would like to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data. Exercising this right will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal.
Erasing or Restricting Access to Your Information. You may request to delete or restrict access to your personal data. We may postpone or deny your request if your personal data is in current use for providing Services or for other legitimate purposes, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Transferring your Personal Data (Otherwise known as Your Right to Data Portability). You have the right to receive your personal data that you have provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit that data to another party of your choice, where technically feasible. However, this right shall not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to Make Complaint: if you consider that our processing of your personal data infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
If you have any concerns about the way we process your personal data, you are welcome to contact our data protection officer at privacy@redemptiongames.com or write to us at the address set forth in the “Contact Redemption Games” section. We will look into your request and make good faith efforts to resolve any concern you may have.
6. Security Safeguards
Redemption takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
7. Data Retention
Redemption retains your personal data for as long as needed to provide you Services, unless we are required by law to delete or if Redemption accepts your request to delete the information. We will also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
8. Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 16, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 16 may provide any personal data. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us.
9. Transfer of Personal Data Outside Your Country
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal data, as described in this Policy.
10. Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide the Services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers; where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no other lawful basis for such processing, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact Redemption Games” section below for contact information.
11. Privacy Shield Framework
Redemption transfers certain personal data to the U.S. and participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Redemption is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List, available at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
Redemption is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Redemption complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Redemption is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Redemption may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Redemption commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact us at: legal@redemptiongames.com. We will attempt to answer your questions and satisfy your concerns in a timely and complete manner. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
If your complaint is still not resolved through these channels, under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website here:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint
, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
12. Specific Provisions for California Consumers
These additional provisions for California consumers apply only to individuals who reside in California. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to know, delete and opt out, and requires “businesses” collecting or disclosing personal information to provide notice and a means to exercise those rights.
Categories of personal information collected in the preceding 12 months:
–
Information We Collect From You
Business purpose for collection
–
How We Use Your Information
Third parties with whom we may share your information
–
Use of Information by Others
Right to Know and Right to Delete
For any of the personal information described above, you can request to know what personal information we collected, disclosed, used and sold, and request that we delete your personal information at any time.
To exercise your right to know and right to deletion, please submit a request by:
Emailing privacy@redemptiongames.com with the subject line “California Rights Request.” We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally require the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the right to know and right to deletion, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
Upon verification of your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to complete the transaction with you, detect security incidents or fraud, fixing errors, exercise free speech or another right provided by law, comply with legal obligations, or other internal and lawful uses.
Right to Opt Out of Sale
CCPA gives you a right to direct a business that sells your personal information to stop selling your personal information and to refrain from doing so in the future. We do not sell any of your personal information and will require our service providers not to sell your personal information.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your rights under the CCPA or have any questions or concerns, please email us at privacy@redemptiongames.com. In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf where (i) you provide sufficient evidence to show that the requestor is an authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf and (ii) you successfully verify your own identity with us.
We aim to respond to a consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
13. Changes to This Policy
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. Please note that if Redemption needs to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required
14. Contact Redemption Games
You may contact Redemption’s Data Protection Officer at privacy@redemptiongames.com or the address below for further information.
Attention: Legal
Redemption Games, Inc.
2141 Palomar Airport Road, Suite 160
Carlsbad, CA 92011
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 2
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield:
Skip to main content
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
Print Page
Print Page
Download page as PDF
Download page as PDF
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
Next:
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) were respectively developed in furtherance of transatlantic commerce by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission, the UK Government, and the Swiss Federal Administration to provide U.S. organizations with reliable mechanisms for personal data transfers to the United States from the European Union / European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland while ensuring data protection that is consistent with EU, UK, and Swiss law.
The effective date of the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, including the Supplemental Principles and Annex I of the Principles is July 10, 2023, which is the date of entry into force of the European Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. DPF. The adequacy decision enables the transfer of EU personal data to participating organizations consistent with EU law.
Effective as of July 17, 2023, eligible organizations in the United States that wish to self-certify their compliance pursuant to the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF may do so; however, personal data cannot be received from the United Kingdom and Gibraltar in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF before the date that the adequacy regulations implementing the data bridge for the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF enter into force. The data bridge will enable the transfer of UK and Gibraltar personal data to participating organizations consistent with UK law.
The effective date of the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, including the Supplemental Principles and Annex I of the Principles is July 17, 2023; however, personal data cannot be received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF until the date of entry into force of Switzerland’s recognition of adequacy for the Swiss-U.S. DPF. The recognition of adequacy will enable the transfer of Swiss personal data to participating organizations consistent with Swiss law.
The Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, which is administered by the International Trade Administration (ITA) within the U.S. Department of Commerce, enables eligible U.S.-based organizations to self-certify their compliance pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF. To participate in the DPF Program, a U.S.-based organization is required to self-certify to the ITA via the Department's DPF Program website (www.dataprivacyframework.gov) and publicly commit to comply with the DPF Principles. While the decision by an eligible U.S.-based organization to self-certify its compliance pursuant to and participate in the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program is voluntary, effective compliance upon self-certification is compulsory. Once such an organization self-certifies to the ITA and publicly declares its commitment to adhere to the DPF Principles that commitment is enforceable under U.S. law. All organizations interested in self-certifying their compliance pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should review the requirements in their entirety. The Department’s DPF Program website provides useful information regarding the benefits and requirements of participation in the relevant parts of that program.
U.S.-based organizations that self-certify their compliance pursuant to the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program must, amongst other things, provide readily available recourse mechanisms available to investigate unresolved complaints, including a system of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) by an independent third party. The independent recourse mechanisms must be in place prior to self-certification, and must be available at no cost to the individual. Although organizations self-certifying their compliance pursuant to the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program may utilize private sector developed dispute resolution programs for most categories of personal data covered under their self-certifications, those organizations covering human resources data (i.e., personal information about employees, past or present, collected in the context of the employment relationship) transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland must agree to cooperate and comply with the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) respectively with regard to such data.
JAMS is available to serve as your organization’s designated ADR provider and to assist in resolving disputes brought under the DPF Principles, up to the point of any final arbitration invoked in accordance with the procedures and conditions set forth in the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles. With a panel of over 400 neutrals around the world, JAMS specializes in resolving disputes of all sizes and levels of complexity and our neutrals have significant experience resolving issues involving privacy.
Mediation Rules
Mediations will be conducted pursuant to JAMS International Mediation Rules unless the parties have specified a different set of Rules or Procedures.
Download the JAMS International Mediation Rules
Fees
JAMS DOES NOT charge any fees for an organization to name it as an ADR provider. If an organization names JAMS as its ADR provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we request that you notify JAMS
by registering here
.
When a consumer initiates a mediation or an arbitration against an organization (whether under JAMS Rules or another set of rules) all fees for the mediation, including the JAMS Case Management Fee, must be borne by the Organization. The fee arrangement is common to all DPF Dispute Resolution cases for the European Union / European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (and Gibralter), and Switzerland. For any other matters, standard JAMS policies apply.
Name JAMS as Your Dispute Resolution Provider
If you wish to name JAMS as your Dispute Resolution provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, please register using the link below:
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution Registration
Customer URL
If you do name JAMS as your Dispute Resolution provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, the URL that you will need to provide in your customer-facing privacy policy/ies through which your customers could find information on how to open an EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or Swiss-U.S. DPF Dispute Resolution case is:
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
File a DPF Dispute Resolution Claim
If you are a consumer and wish to open an EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or a Swiss-U.S. DPF Dispute Resolution case, please file a claim using the link below:
File a Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Claim
Additional Resources
Questions/Contact
If you have any additional questions you may contact our DPF coordinator via email
.
Mara Satterthwaite,
msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
JAMS DPF Dispute Resolution Fee Schedule
PROFESSIONAL FEES
There is no fee associated with listing JAMS as the ADR provider in a self-certification submission under the DPF Program. Fees apply only if a DPF matter is brought to JAMS.
Hourly and daily rates vary depending on neutral. Neutrals are independent contractors and set their own Professional Fees.
In compliance with the EU, UK, and Swiss data protection initiatives, 100% of ADR fees associated with a DPF matter brought by a consumer will be the responsibility of the respondent company; consumers will not be responsible for any portion of these fees.
For non-consumer matters, hearing fees are divided equally among all parties.
Professional Fees include time spent for hearings, pre- and post-hearing reading and research, and award preparation.
MEDIATION FEES
Initial non-refundable fee of $300 per party, applies to first 10 hours of professional time
Time in excess of initial 10 hours is billed at 13% of Professional Fees
The Case Management Fee includes access to an exclusive nationwide panel of judges, attorneys, and other ADR experts, dedicated services including all administration through the duration of the case, document handling, and use of JAMS conference facilities including after hours and on-site business support. Weekends and holidays are subject to additional charges.
Click here for a PDF of this fee schedule
JAMS agreement to render services is with the attorney, the party, and/or other representatives of the party.
www.jamsadr.com • Updated 08/30/2023
Contact Information
msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
Mara E. Satterthwaite, Esq.
7160 Rafael Rivera Way Suite #400 Las Vegas, NV 89113
Scroll to top
Scroll to top
JAMS uses cookies to give users like yourself the best possible content and experience while visiting our website.  By choosing "Accept and close", you agree to the use of all cookies on our website.  To learn more about how JAMS protects your personal information, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.  Please note, by blocking certain types of cookies, you may impact your experience of the site.
You are able to manage your personal cookie preferences at any time by visiting our
Cookie Consent Tool
.
Decline
Accept and Close
Options
Sub-policy 3
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;