Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
4
Loading…
{"id": "1A_qAtHoHVIi6zkm_FFdok7HpAEQVR_im", "title": "privacy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 4
TOTALMOTION’S PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: 1 Februar 2018
OUR POLICY
Welcome to TotalMotion’s (hereafter, „TotalMotion“, „Ralph Huebner“, “We”, “Our”, “Us”) Privacy
Policy. This privacy policy (this „Privacy Policy“) applies to the website, mobile applications,
mobile services and software (hereafter the „Service") provided by TotalMotion and describes how
we collect, store, use, share and secure information, including personal information.
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by us
through your use of the Site or Service. TotalMotion is not responsible for the actions of third party
people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any
products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship
of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
As a registered AppleTM iTunes/ Mac App Store user, you are also subject to Apple’s privacy
policy. Please check your AppleTM iTunes/ Mac App Store account privacy settings for further
information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you interact with us through the Service, we may collect Personal Data and other
information from you, as further described below:
Personal Data That You Provide Through the Service: We collect Personal Data from you when
you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to
one of our surveys, register for access to the Service or use certain functions.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data, you acknowledge and
agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices
and servers of TotalMotion and the authorised third-parties referred to herein located in
Germany and/ or other countries.
Non-Identifiable Data / Aggregated Data: When you interact with us through the Service, we
receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is
collected using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you.
TotalMotion may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases
owned and maintained by TotalMotion affiliates, agents or service providers. In addition, we may
collect information about your use of our Site and Service such as your IP address, the files
viewed on our site, information about your device and operating system, crash reports and
timestamp information. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this
process.
In operating the Service, we and our marketing and service partner providers may use a
technology called “cookies” and other similar technologies. A cookie is a piece of information that
the computer that hosts our Service gives to your browser when you access the Service. Our
cookies help provide additional functionality to the Service and help us analyse Service usage
more accurately, including functions like analysing trends, administering the site, tracking users’
movements around the site and gathering demographic information about our user base as a
whole. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the
Service without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to
the Site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your
permission. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to
this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie
and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow
you to take advantage of some of the Service features.
Page 2 of 4
OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION
TotalMotion uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy
Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in
connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by email, we
will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if
you provide Personal Data to obtain access to a Service, we will use your Personal Data to
provide you with access to such Service and to monitor your use of such Service. TotalMotion
and its affiliates („Related Companies“) may also use your Personal Data and other personally
non-identifiable information collected through the Service to help us improve the content and
functionality of the Service, to better understand our users and to improve the Service.
TotalMotion and its affiliates may use this information to tell you about services we believe will be
of interest to you. If we do so, each marketing communication we send you will contain
instructions permitting you to “opt-out” of receiving future marketing communications. In addition,
if at any time you wish not to receive any future marketing communications or you wish to have
your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below. Note however that
as a user of the Service you cannot opt-out of some administrative communications that are
reasonably necessary to the Service, such as billing or service notifications.
If TotalMotion intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this
Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the
Personal Data is collected.
OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION
TotalMotion is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a
vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may
share your Personal Data with certain third-parties without further notice to you:
Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. If
we are involved in a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal
Data may be part of the transferred assets.
Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for
purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: TotalMotion, like many businesses, sometimes
hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions
include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ
another entity to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that
they need to perform their specific function.
Legal Requirements: TotalMotion may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or
in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii)
protect and defend the rights or property of TotalMotion, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to
protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public, or (iv) protect against legal
liability.
EXCLUSIONS
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by TotalMotion other than
Personal Data collected through the Service. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited
information you provide to TotalMotion through the Service or through any other means. This
includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Service, such as
forums, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited
Page 3 of 4
submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed
to be non-confidential and TotalMotion shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute
such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
CHILDREN
TotalMotion does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are
under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Service. We encourage
parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our
Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on the Service without
their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided
Personal Data to TotalMotion through the Service, please contact us, and we will endeavor to
delete that information from our databases.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
This Privacy Policy applies only to our site and the Service. Our Site and our Service may contain
links to other web sites not operated or controlled by TotalMotion (“Third Party Sites”). The
policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from
the Service do not imply that TotalMotion endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We
suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
INTEGRATING THIRD PARTY SERVICES WITHIN THE SERVICE
You may have the opportunity to access or interact with our Site and Service through Third Party
Sites that offer social networking opportunities and products. Consequently, your Personal Data
may be shared with those Third Party Sites and their products and those Third Party Websites and
products may share your Personal Data with us. If you click on a link to a Third Party Site or
product when using our Site or Service, you will leave our Site and Service and go to the Third
Party Site or product you selected. If you choose to provide your information directly to Third
Party Sites and products, your information will be governed by the policies of those Third Party
Sites and products and TotalMotion shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices
or other actions of any third party website or service.
SECURITY
TotalMotion takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data that we collect. However, no
website or Internet or electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error free and while we strive
to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its
absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site or Service, you can send
us an email at support@totalmotion.de
CHANGES TO TOTALMOTION’S PRIVACY POLICY
The Service and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be
necessary for TotalMotion to make changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our sole
discretion, to change, modify, add or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time without
further notice. You should periodically review our current Privacy Policy so you are aware of any
revision to which you are bound. The date at the top of this document will indicate when this
document were last revised. Your continued use of the Service after any such changes constitutes
your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to abide by these or any future
version of the Privacy Policy, you do not have permission to use or access (or continue to use or
privacy.pdf
privacy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying privacy.pdf.