Terms of Use
This application contains intellectual property owned by Sky Blue Technologies, d.b.a. Public Media Apps (“SBT”), the station for which the app is branded (“Station”) and others. No material from this application (“App”) owned, operated, licensed or controlled by SBT or the Station may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without the prior written permission of SBT, except that you may download one copy of the App on any single device for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the App for any other purpose is a violation of SBT’s copyright and other proprietary rights.
If you download the App, the App, including any files, audio and or images incorporated in or generated by the App (collectively the “Software”), the App are licensed to you by SBT.  SBT does not transfer title to the App to you. You own the medium on which the App is recorded, but SBT retains full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form.
This App is operated on behalf of the Station by SBT from its offices within the State of Indiana, United States of America. Anyone who accesses this App from other locations does so on their own initiative and is responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. The App is further subject to United States export controls. No software from the App site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported into (or to a national or resident of) of any country to which the US has restricted exports. By downloading or using the App, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country.
This agreement is effective until terminated by either party. Upon termination you must destroy the App and any data obtained from the App any and and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise.
The App is provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. SBT nor the Station does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects will be corrected.  SBT also does not warrant that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Our privacy policy can be accessed at
www.publicmediaapps.com/privacy
Please note: Links are provided for reference purposes only. SBT and the Station have not evaluated the information provided on every site it links to, and their appearance here does not constitute an endorsement of any organization.
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.publicmediaapps.com/privacy:
0
Privacy Policy
Sky Blue Technologies, Inc. (“SBT”), dba Public Media Apps, the station for which this mobile app is branded, and other services (collectively, the “Services”), are committed to protecting your privacy.
1) DATA COLLECTION
When you contact us, you may provide us with some or all of the following personal data: your name, email address, phone number and any data you choose to include in the text of your message. If you send an e-mail message to SBT, initiate a chat session, or complete a questionnaire, form, or other online survey found on our websites, SBT will maintain the data in its databases.
When you register as a user of an SBT Service, you may provide us with some or all of the following personal data: your name and e-mail address. We will provide an option to allow you to opt-out of entering this information. When you install an SBT Service we will create a randomly generated unique identifier to monitor Service activity.
We collect, retain, and use the data we collect to help us:
to provide you with our Services;
to help keep our mobile apps and websites safe and secure, and protect users’ rights or property;
to monitor and manage activity of the Services;
to monitor your use of our mobile apps and websites for compliance with our terms of use; and
to correspond with you regarding our Services.
We do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes.
We may consult your personal data:
when we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities (such as for potential fraud or infringement);
when required to do so by law or regulation, or in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena) or a request from a law enforcement or governmental agency or authority, and in other circumstances in which we have a good faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed or that an emergency exists; and
as aggregate statistical data with respect to patterns and usage of our mobile apps and websites may be provided to our partners or affiliates; provided that such data has been rendered non-personally identifiable.
We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly to update our database when you tell us the data in our database is not accurate. You retain control over personal data that you have provided to us.
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 6501-06 and 16 C.F.R. §§ 312.1-312.12, SBT will not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use the services of our websites. If you are under 13, please do not use our websites or send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, phone number, or email address. By using our Services mobile apps or websites, you represent that you are not under 13 years of age.
2) DATA DELETION
If you ask to delete a personal account with SBT and the associated personal data, we will do so. You may request through the Services mobile app by selecting the ‘Settings and Help’ menu item and choosing ‘App Technical Support’. In the generated email, clearly note ‘Please delete my personal account and personal data’.
Our emails to you will contain links allowing you to opt-out of receiving such data. In addition, you may opt out of receiving materials or other communications from us and our affiliates by contacting us via email at support@publicmediaapps.com.
3) DATA SECURITY AND THIRD PARTY
We use our best commercial efforts to ensure the security of our systems and to prevent any disclosure of data that you provide us. If you suspect unauthorized access to your data, please contact SBT immediately at support@publicmediaapps.com.
SBT utilizes the Google Firebase service to capture usage analytics in support of the Services. We do not provide your personal data to Firebase, only usage information. The Google privacy policy is:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
SBT may, in the future, sell or otherwise transfer some or all of its assets to a third party. Data we have received from you may be disclosed to any potential or actual third-party purchasers of such assets and/or may be among those assets transferred. In such instance, we will use reasonable commercial efforts to provide you with written notice of such transfer.
SBT will happily address any concerns about our Privacy Policy. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@publicmediaapps.com or write to:
Public Media Apps
PO Box 5178
Lafayette, IN 47903
­
­
By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary
Functional
Performance & Analytics
Marketing
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
User ID:
a0bdc871-395e-48af-9c1c-379de34c856b
Timestamp:
--
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. They are usually only set in response to information you have provided to the website to personalize and optimize your experience. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance & Analytics
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Marketing
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners to make our ads more engaging and relevant to site visitors. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. Some common applications of these cookies are to select advertising based on what’s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on ad campaign performance, and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel