Donate
Adopt
Search
Submit Search
Donate
Toggle Donate button
Make a Donation
Donate in Someone's Name
Renew your Membership
Join as a Partner in Conservation
Respond to our TV Ad
See Other Ways to Support
Adopt
Toggle Adopt button
Adoptions
Apparel
More Gifts
Toggle
Our Work
Dropdown Links
Learn more about our impact
People
Places
Species
Climate crisis
Sustainability
Public policy
Science
Business
Wildlife conservation
About WWF
WWF works to sustain the natural world for the benefit of people and wildlife, collaborating with partners from local to global levels in nearly 100 countries.
Learn more about our impact
Toggle
Get involved
Dropdown Links
See all ways to get involved
Take action
Fundraise
Give
Send ecards
Get email
Educational resources
Leave a legacy gift
Travel with us
See all ways to get involved
Toggle
About us
Dropdown Links
Discover who we are
Leadership team
Board & Council
Experts
Careers
Values
History
Safeguards
Financials
Stories & updates
World Wildlife Magazine
Newsroom
Discover who we are
Search
Search
Submit Search
Donate
Toggle Donate button
Make a Donation
Donate in Someone's Name
Renew your Membership
Join as a Partner in Conservation
Respond to our TV Ad
See Other Ways to Support
Adopt
Toggle Adopt button
Adoptions
Apparel
More Gifts
Privacy Policy
World Wildlife Fund, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Modified: June 28, 2024
World Wildlife Fund, Inc. (“WWF”) respects privacy, and we know that many care about how information is used and shared. This Privacy Policy applies to the WWF website www.worldwildlife.org, to all other websites controlled or operated by WWF from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, to all associated subdomains, online services, and mobile applications controlled or operated by WWF, and to any other interactions that we may have with you, online or offline (collectively, the “Services”).
Please see our supplemental State Privacy Notices
here
for additional details on how we handle your Personal Information and how to exercise your privacy rights.
What Information We Collect
When you use our Services, WWF and its service providers may collect Personal Information that you provide, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, payment information, and photos or videos on your mobile device, if you give WWF permission to access them. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person.
In addition, WWF and its service providers use a variety of techniques to gather other information about your use of the Services, including, among other things, your IP address, browser type, mobile device type, content visited while on the Services, and the duration of your visit to the Services. “Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.
If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How We Collect Information
WWF and its service providers collect Personal Information that you provide while using the Services, either directly or through other user actions, including, without limitation, any Personal Information provided or otherwise obtained while the Services’ web pages are open. For instance, WWF gathers information when you fill out forms on the Services, including, for example, e-newsletter sign-up forms, donation forms, surveys and advocacy action alerts. We may also use analytics that enable us to obtain your Personal Information based on your use of the Services, including, for example, your clicks on Services’ pages and page elements as well as information entered into the Services’ html form fields, regardless of whether the form is submitted.
We may collect information from and about you from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, vendors, list exchanges, social media platforms, and from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media platforms. For example, if you choose to connect your social media account to your Services account, certain Personal Information from your social media account will be shared with us. This may include Personal Information that is part of your profile or your friends’ profiles.
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including through:
Cookies.
We use “cookies” to help us monitor traffic and collect information about use of the Services. Cookies are pieces of data placed on your device when you visit the Services that help us recognize you when you come back to the Services, allowing us, for instance, to remember the email address and password you use when you log in on a specific computer. WWF uses the aggregated information collected from cookies to measure the number of visits to the Services, the average time spent on the Services, the identity and number of pages viewed, aid in interest-based advertising with our partners, and to gather other traffic data and information that allows us to improve the Services. We also use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Services. Cookies further allow us to select which of our content or advertisements are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are on the Services. We may also use cookies or other technologies in online advertising to track responses to our ads. We may not respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Analytics & Optimization.
WWF also uses a variety of third-party web and mobile app analytics and optimization services to improve the Services and enhance the visitor experience. When you  use the Services, we and our service providers may collect, record, and use your session information, including browsing behavior, click patterns, mouse movements, scrolling activity, keystrokes, chat messages, pages visited, and other analytics in order to improve user experience and the Services’ quality, as well as to debug, identify, and repair errors that impair the  intended functionality of our Services. The Services do not track your browsing habits across other third-party websites on our behalf.
We also use Google Analytics, which uses cookies        and other, similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. You can learn about        Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
and opt out of them by        downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Invisible reCAPTCHA.
We use Google’s invisible reCAPTCHA application on our Services in order to protect against spam and other automated abuse.  The reCAPTCHA tool may make use of cookies, as well as such other information as IP address, date, time, language, screen size and resolution, and mouse movements.  The use of the reCAPTCHA tool and information collected through it are subject to Google’s privacy policy, available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
and Google’s terms of service, available at
https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en
.
Third-party Advertising.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Services and other websites. You may receive advertisements (1) based on information relating to your access to and use of the Services, other websites, or online services on any of your devices; and (2) based on information received from third parties. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags). They also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop.  We may also send anonymized and/or securely hashed data to our vendors to determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
If        you would like more information about these practices, and to learn how to opt out of it in desktop and mobile browsers on the        particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, please visit
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
and
https://youradchoices.com/
. You may download the AppChoices app at
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
to opt out in mobile apps.
Pixel Tags.
We may use pixel tags and other similar technologies to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about use of the Services and response rates.
Browser/Device Information.
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, and Internet browser type and version.
IP Address.
We may collect your IP address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is a common practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Services.
App Usage Data.
When you download and use our mobile applications (each, an “App”), we may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
Physical Location.
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or Wi-Fi signals. We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content. We may also share your device’s physical location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, with our marketing partners to enable them to provide you with more personalized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, but if you do, we and/or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content. Our Apps may collect the precise location of your device when the App is running in the foreground or background, depending on how you choose to set up the App’s location tracking.
Aggregating Personal Information.
We may aggregate Personal Information. Aggregated information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Services (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How We Use Collected Information
WWF may use your Personal Information:
To send you information about WWF or WWF partners.
To personalize your interactions with WWF, such as to customize your web and email content based on your interests, send you requests to participate in events in your area and otherwise target content and communications to you.
To respond to inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations, renew your membership, or send you information about a project, as well as to provide membership services.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To improve our Services’ functionality and user experience, and to debug, identify and repair errors that impair the intended functionality of our Services.
To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information.
To facilitate social sharing functionality.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying the Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our activities, some of which may be shared or used by our vendors and their technologies and tools.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our project partners for purposes of implementing conservation activities.
To our vendors and service providers that support our business and operations through a variety of activities, including but not limited to marketing, data processing, fundraising-related services, website hosting, data analysis and campaign measurement, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, and auditing services.
To third parties that assist our project partners, vendors, and service providers as part of their work with WWF.
Via list exchanges with other charities, businesses, exchange coordinators, and data processors who may use your Personal Information to identify new potential supporters, including for their outreach and marketing purposes.
To third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions.
By you, on message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs, and other services to which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to users of the Services and to the general public. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, on the Services.
To your friends associated with your social media account, to other website users and to your social media account provider, in connection with your social sharing activity, such as if you connect your social media account to your Services account or log-into your Services account from your social media account. By connecting your Services account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, friends associated with your social media account, and other website users, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the recipients’ privacy policy(ies). If you do not want your Personal Information shared with other users or with your social media account provider, please do not connect your social media account with your Services account, and do not participate in social sharing on the Services.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our operations, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
To other third parties who help further  WWF’s charitable mission (e.g., other nonprofit organizations) or other third parties who provide products and services you may be interested in.
We may also use and disclose your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; or (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
How Can You Control Collection of Your Information on the
Services
?
Set your web browser to inform you of when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored and refuse any request to set cookies, and do not accept cookies from WWF. Erase all WWF cookies from your hard drive. You may also wish to refer to:
https://allaboutcookies.org/how-to-manage-cookies
.
Do not provide your information when prompted by the Services.
Please note, however, that if you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate the Services may be limited, and you also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs. Further, in the event you choose not to share information, WWF will be unable to respond to your request for WWF information, enter you in any sweepstakes or contests, facilitate your action via WWF's Action Network, or send online postcards.
How Can You
Modify
Your Information?
If you would like to modify Personal Information you have previously provided us, please manage your profile by visiting
https://www.worldwildlife.org/login
.
How Can You Stop Receiving Certain Communications from WWF?
If you would like to opt out of receiving certain content from WWF, you can:
Submit a request using this form
.
Take the opportunity to opt out in links on the bottom of marketing email WWF sends to you.
Log in to Your Supporter Hub at
https://www.worldwildlife.org/login
and click “My email subscriptions”.
Call the membership hotline at
1-800-960-0993
to tell us you do not want to receive communications from WWF.
Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt out.
Does WWF Collect Information from Children?
WWF does not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13. The Services are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that WWF learns that it has collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have collected any Personal Information from a child under 13, please contact us at
privacy@wwfus.org
or through this
form
.
Your U.S. State Law Privacy Rights
Various U.S. State laws may permit you to exercise certain rights relating to WWF’s collection and use of your Personal Information.  Please refer to our State Privacy Notices which supplement this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information Collected through Meta Platforms
You have the right to ask for any Personal Information collected through use of any Meta Platforms, Inc. platform ("Meta Personal Information") to be changed or deleted at any later time. If you have questions or concerns regarding your Meta Personal Information, including requests for deletion, please fill out this
form
.
Third-Party Services
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, payment services provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
WWF may from time to time and at its discretion amend this Privacy Policy. The “Effective Date” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. If you would like to view prior versions of this Privacy Policy, go to
https://www.worldwildlife.org/pages/out-of-date-privacy-policies
.
Security
WWF has procedures and technology in place to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Records containing Personal Information are stored at secure facilities. WWF employees are provided training on how to treat your data securely. Our websites use a Transport Layer Security, the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the web server and browsers remain private. All online donation transactions are handled by Payment Card Industry (PCI)-compliant vendors. PCI refers to the technical and operational standards that businesses must follow to ensure that credit card data provided by cardholders is protected. These security standards are in place for WWF to protect your information.
Cross-Border Transfer
The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and, by using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
Questions/Contact Information
If you would like to opt out of receiving certain content from WWF, you can submit a request using this
form
.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please use this
form
or send an email to
privacy@wwfus.org
or a letter to:
Member Solutions – Privacy Support
World Wildlife Fund1250 24th Street NW
Washington, DC 20037
Like most sites, we use cookies to give you the best online experience. By continuing to the site or clicking “Accept all cookies,” you agree WWF may store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. WWF recently updated our Privacy Policy. By visiting this site, you agree to WWF’s site terms and privacy policy.
Site Terms
Privacy Policy
Cookie settings
Accept all cookies
Cookie Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow all
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.worldwildlife.org/pages/out-of-date-privacy-policies:
Donate
Adopt
Search
Submit Search
Donate
Toggle Donate button
Make a Donation
Donate in Someone's Name
Renew your Membership
Join as a Partner in Conservation
Respond to our TV Ad
See Other Ways to Support
Adopt
Toggle Adopt button
Adoptions
Apparel
More Gifts
Toggle
Our Work
Dropdown Links
Learn more about our impact
People
Places
Species
Climate crisis
Sustainability
Public policy
Science
Business
Wildlife conservation
About WWF
WWF works to sustain the natural world for the benefit of people and wildlife, collaborating with partners from local to global levels in nearly 100 countries.
Learn more about our impact
Toggle
Get involved
Dropdown Links
See all ways to get involved
Take action
Fundraise
Give
Send ecards
Get email
Educational resources
Leave a legacy gift
Travel with us
See all ways to get involved
Toggle
About us
Dropdown Links
Discover who we are
Leadership team
Board & Council
Experts
Careers
Values
History
Safeguards
Financials
Stories & updates
World Wildlife Magazine
Newsroom
Discover who we are
Search
Search
Submit Search
Donate
Toggle Donate button
Make a Donation
Donate in Someone's Name
Renew your Membership
Join as a Partner in Conservation
Respond to our TV Ad
See Other Ways to Support
Adopt
Toggle Adopt button
Adoptions
Apparel
More Gifts
Out of Date Privacy Policies
2024 v1 - World Wildlife Fund, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Modified: June 13, 2024
World Wildlife Fund, Inc. (“WWF”) respects privacy, and we know that many care about how information is used and shared. This Privacy Policy applies to the WWF website www.worldwildlife.org, to all other websites controlled or operated by WWF from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, to all associated subdomains, online services, and mobile applications controlled or operated by WWF, and to any other interactions that we may have with you, online or offline (collectively, the “Services”).
Please see our supplemental State Privacy Notices
here
for additional details on how we handle your Personal Information and how to exercise your privacy rights.
What Information We Collect
When you use our Services, WWF and its service providers may collect Personal Information that you provide, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, payment information, and photos or videos on your mobile device, if you give WWF permission to access them. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person.
In addition, WWF and its service providers use a variety of techniques to gather other information about your use of the Services, including, among other things, your IP address, browser type, mobile device type, content visited while on the Services, and the duration of your visit to the Services. “Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.
If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How We Collect Information
WWF and its service providers collect Personal Information that you provide while using the Services, either directly or through other user actions, including, without limitation, any Personal Information provided or otherwise obtained while the Services’ web pages are open. For instance, WWF gathers information when you fill out forms on the Services, including, for example, e-newsletter sign-up forms, donation forms, surveys and advocacy action alerts. We may also use analytics that enable us to obtain your Personal Information based on your use of the Services, including, for example, your clicks on Services’ pages and page elements as well as information entered into the Services’ html form fields, regardless of whether the form is submitted.
We may collect information from and about you from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, vendors, list exchanges, social media platforms, and from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media platforms. For example, if you choose to connect your social media account to your Services account, certain Personal Information from your social media account will be shared with us. This may include Personal Information that is part of your profile or your friends’ profiles.
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including through:
Cookies.
We use “cookies” to help us monitor traffic and collect information about use of the Services. Cookies are pieces of data placed on your device when you visit the Services that help us recognize you when you come back to the Services, allowing us, for instance, to remember the email address and password you use when you log in on a specific computer. WWF uses the aggregated information collected from cookies to measure the number of visits to the Services, the average time spent on the Services, the identity and number of pages viewed, aid in interest-based advertising with our partners, and to gather other traffic data and information that allows us to improve the Services. We also use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Services. Cookies further allow us to select which of our content or advertisements are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are on the Services. We may also use cookies or other technologies in online advertising to track responses to our ads. We may not respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Analytics & Optimization.
WWF also uses a variety of third-party web and mobile app analytics and optimization services to improve the Services and enhance the visitor experience. When you  use the Services, we and our service providers may collect, record, and use your session information, including browsing behavior, click patterns, mouse movements, scrolling activity, keystrokes, chat messages, pages visited, and other analytics in order to improve user experience and the Services’ quality, as well as to debug, identify, and repair errors that impair the  intended functionality of our Services. The Services do not track your browsing habits across other third-party websites on our behalf.
We also use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Invisible reCAPTCHA.
We use Google’s invisible reCAPTCHA application on our Services in order to protect against spam and other automated abuse.  The reCAPTCHA tool may make use of cookies, as well as such other information as IP address, date, time, language, screen size and resolution, and mouse movements.  The use of the reCAPTCHA tool and information collected through it are subject to Google’s privacy policy, available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
and Google’s terms of service, available at
https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en
.
Third-party Advertising.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Services and other websites. You may receive advertisements (1) based on information relating to your access to and use of the Services, other websites, or online services on any of your devices; and (2) based on information received from third parties. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags). They also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop.  We may also send anonymized and/or securely hashed data to our vendors to determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
If you would like more information about these practices, and to learn how to opt out of it in desktop and mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, please visit
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
and
https://youradchoices.com/
. You may download the AppChoices app at
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
to opt out in mobile apps.
Pixel Tags.
We may use pixel tags and other similar technologies to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about use of the Services and response rates.
Browser/Device Information.
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, and Internet browser type and version.
IP Address.
We may collect your IP address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is a common practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Services.
App Usage Data.
When you download and use our mobile applications (each, an “App”), we may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
Physical Location.
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or Wi-Fi signals. We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content. We may also share your device’s physical location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, with our marketing partners to enable them to provide you with more personalized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, but if you do, we and/or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content. Our Apps may collect the precise location of your device when the App is running in the foreground or background, depending on how you choose to set up the App’s location tracking.
Aggregating Personal Information.
We may aggregate Personal Information. Aggregated information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Services (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How We Use Collected Information
WWF may use your Personal Information:
To send you information about WWF or WWF partners.
To personalize your interactions with WWF, such as to customize your web and email content based on your interests, send you requests to participate in events in your area and otherwise target content and communications to you.
To respond to inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations, renew your membership, or send you information about a project, as well as to provide membership services.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To improve our Services’ functionality and user experience, and to debug, identify and repair errors that impair the intended functionality of our Services.
To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information.
To facilitate social sharing functionality.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying the Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our activities, some of which may be shared or used by our vendors and their technologies and tools.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our project partners for purposes of implementing conservation activities.
To our vendors and service providers that support our business and operations through a variety of activities, including but not limited to marketing, data processing, fundraising-related services, website hosting, data analysis and campaign measurement, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, and auditing services.
To third parties that assist our project partners, vendors, and service providers as part of their work with WWF.
Via list exchanges with other charities, businesses, exchange coordinators, and data processors who may use your Personal Information to identify new potential supporters, including for their outreach and marketing purposes.
To third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions.
By you, on message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs, and other services to which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to users of the Services and to the general public. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, on the Services.
To your friends associated with your social media account, to other website users and to your social media account provider, in connection with your social sharing activity, such as if you connect your social media account to your Services account or log-into your Services account from your social media account. By connecting your Services account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, friends associated with your social media account, and other website users, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the recipients’ privacy policy(ies). If you do not want your Personal Information shared with other users or with your social media account provider, please do not connect your social media account with your Services account, and do not participate in social sharing on the Services.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our operations, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
To other third parties who help further  WWF’s charitable mission (e.g., other nonprofit organizations) or other third parties who provide products and services you may be interested in.
We may also use and disclose your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; or (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
How Can You Control Collection of Your Information on the
Services
?
Set your web browser to inform you of when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored and refuse any request to set cookies, and do not accept cookies from WWF. Erase all WWF cookies from your hard drive. You may also wish to refer to:
https://allaboutcookies.org/how-to-manage-cookies
.
Do not provide your information when prompted by the Services.
Please note, however, that if you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate the Services may be limited, and you also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs. Further, in the event you choose not to share information, WWF will be unable to respond to your request for WWF information, enter you in any sweepstakes or contests, facilitate your action via WWF's Action Network, or send online postcards.
How Can You
Modify
Your Information?
If you would like to modify Personal Information you have previously provided us, please manage your profile by visiting
https://www.worldwildlife.org/login
.
How Can You Stop Receiving Certain Communications from WWF?
If you would like to opt out of receiving certain content from WWF, you can:
Take the opportunity to opt out in links on the bottom of marketing email WWF sends to you.
Go to the Supporter Center
https://www.worldwildlife.org/login
and click “update my email preferences” under Quick Links.
Call the membership hotline at
1-800-960-0993
to tell us you do not want to receive communications from WWF.
Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt out.
Does WWF Collect Information from Children?
WWF does not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13. The Services are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that WWF learns that it has collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have collected any Personal Information from a child under 13, please contact us at
privacy@wwfus.org
or through this
form
.
Your U.S. State Law Privacy Rights
Various U.S. State laws may permit you to exercise certain rights relating to WWF’s collection and use of your Personal Information.  Please refer to our State Privacy Notices which supplement this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information Collected through Meta Platforms
You have the right to ask for any Personal Information collected through use of any Meta Platforms, Inc. platform ("Meta Personal Information") to be changed or deleted at any later time. If you have questions or concerns regarding your Meta Personal Information, including requests for deletion, please fill out this
form
.
Third-Party Services
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, payment services provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
WWF may from time to time and at its discretion amend this Privacy Policy. The “Effective Date” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. If you would like to view prior versions of this Privacy Policy, go to
https://www.worldwildlife.org/pages/out-of-date-privacy-policies
.
Security
WWF has procedures and technology in place to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Records containing Personal Information are stored at secure facilities. WWF employees are provided training on how to treat your data securely. Our websites use a Transport Layer Security, the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the web server and browsers remain private. All online donation transactions are handled by Payment Card Industry (PCI)-compliant vendors. PCI refers to the technical and operational standards that businesses must follow to ensure that credit card data provided by cardholders is protected. These security standards are in place for WWF to protect your information.
Cross-Border Transfer
The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and, by using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
Questions/Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please use this
form
or send an email to
privacy@wwfus.org
or a letter to:
Member Solutions – Privacy Support
World Wildlife Fund1250 24th Street NW
Washington, DC 20037
---------------------------------------------------------------
2021 World Wildlife Fund, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Modified:
October 4, 2021
World Wildlife Fund, Inc. (“WWF”) respects privacy, and we know that many care about how information is used and shared. This Privacy Policy applies to the WWF website www.worldwildlife.org, to all associated subdomains, online services, and mobile applications, and to those sites listed in the paragraph below labeled “Additional Websites Subject to the Privacy Policy” (collectively, the “Sites”). By visiting any of the Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any of the terms herein, please immediately discontinue use of the Sites.
What Information We Collect
When you visit the Sites, WWF and its service providers may collect Personal Information that you provide, such as your name, address, email address, and payment information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person.
In addition, WWF and its service providers use a variety of techniques to gather other information about your use of the Sites, including, among other things, your IP address, browser type, mobile device type, content visited while on the Sites, and the duration of your visit to the Sites. “
Other Information
” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.
If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Sites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How We Collect Information
WWF and its services providers collect Personal Information that you provide while using the Sites, either directly or through other user actions, including, without limitation, any Personal Information provided or otherwise obtained while the Sites web pages are open. For instance, WWF gathers information when you fill out forms on the Sites, including, for example, e-newsletter sign-up forms, donation forms, surveys and advocacy action alerts. We may also use analytics that enable us to obtain your Personal Information based on your use of the Sites, including, for example, your clicks on Sites pages and page elements as well as information entered into the Sites’ html form fields, regardless of whether the form is submitted. We may supplement the information we collect from you with information we collect from and about you from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, social media platforms and from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media platforms. For example, if you choose to connect your social media account to your Site account, certain Personal Information from your social media account will be shared with us. This may include Personal Information that is part of your profile or your friends’ profiles.
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
We use “cookies” to help us monitor traffic and collect information about use of the Sites. Cookies are pieces of data placed on your device when you visit the Sites that help us recognize you when you come back to the Sites, allowing us, for instance, to remember the email address and password you use when you log in on a specific computer. WWF uses the aggregated information collected from cookies to measure the number of visits to the Sites, the average time spent on the Sites, the identity and number of pages viewed, aid in interest-based advertising with our partners, and to gather other traffic data and information that allows us to improve the Sites. We also use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Sites. Cookies further allow us to select which of our content is most likely to appeal to you and display it while you are on the Sites.
WWF also uses a variety of third-party web and mobile app analytics and optimization services to improve the Sites and enhance the visitor experience. For examples, the Sites use web analytics services that may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, text you type in the Sites, and similar activity. The Sites do not use these services to collect any personally identifiable information not otherwise provided by you in using the Sites, and they do not track your browsing habits across other third-party websites on our behalf.
We also use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect information about Site use anonymously and reports website trends, without identifying individual visitors. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
We may also use a third-party service provider called SAS Solutions, which uses cookies and other technologies to help us analyze how visitors use the Sites, and which may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, text you type in the Sites, and similar activity. The Sites do not use this service to collect any personally identifiable information not otherwise provided by you in using the Sites.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Sites and other websites, based on information relating to your access to and use of the Sites and other websites. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags). We may also send anonymized and/or securely hashed data to our vendors to determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. If you would like more information about this practice and to learn about your choices in connection with it, please visit
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
and
https://www.aboutads.info/
.
We may use pixel tags and other similar technologies to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Sites, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about use of the Sites and response rates.
We may use Adobe Flash technology (including Flash Local Shared Objects (“Flash LSOs”) and other similar technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the Sites. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the
Website Storage Settings Panel
. You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the
Global Storage Settings Panel
and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to “information” on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with the Sites or our online content.
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, and Internet browser type and version.
We may collect your IP address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Sites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is a common practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Sites.
When you download and use our mobile applications (each, an “App”), we may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or Wi-Fi signals. We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content.
Information that you provide, such as your preferred means of communication, does not personally identify you unless it is combined with your Personal Information.
We may aggregate Personal Information. Aggregated information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Sites (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How We Use Collected Information
WWF may use your Personal Information:
To send you information about WWF or WWF partners.
To personalize your interactions with WWF, such as to customize your web and email content based on your interests, send you requests to participate events in your area and otherwise target content and communications to you.
To respond to inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations, renew your membership, or send you information about a project, as well as to provide membership services.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the Sites and changes to tour terms, conditions, and policies.
To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information.
To facilitate social sharing functionality.
For our purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying the Sites, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our activities, some of which may be shared or used by our vendors and their technologies and tools.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our partners, our approved vendors, and their service providers.
To our third party service providers and online advertising entities who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis & campaign measurement, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other similar services.
To third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions.
By you, on message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs, and other services to which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to users of the Sites and to the general public. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, on the Sites.
To your friends associated with your social media account, to other website users and to your social media account provider, in connection with your social sharing activity, such as if you connect your social media account to your Site account or log-into your Site account from your social media account. By connecting your Site account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, friends associated with your social media account, and other website users, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the recipients’ privacy policy(ies). If you do not want your Personal Information shared with other users or with your social media account provider, please do not connect your social media account with your Site account, and do not participate in social sharing on the Sites.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our operations, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We may also use and disclose your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
How Can You Control Collection of Your Information?
Set your web browser to inform you of when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored and refuse any request to set cookies, and do not accept cookies from WWF. Erase all WWF cookies from your hard drive.
Do not provide your information when prompted by the Sites.
Please note, however, that if you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate the Sites may be limited. Further, in the event you choose not to share information, WWF will be unable to respond to your request for WWF information, enter you in any sweepstakes or contests, facilitate your action via WWF's Action Network, or send online postcards.
If you would like to request that WWF not share your Personal Information with our third-party partners and service providers for their marketing purposes, please call 1-800-960-0993 and ask that the representative mark your record as “No Exchange.”
Finally, if you would like to modify Personal Information you have previously provided us, please manage your profile by visiting
www.worldwildlife.org/login
.
How Can You Stop Receiving Communications from WWF?
If you would like to opt out of receiving mailed content from WWF, please call the membership hotline at 1 - 800 - 960 – 0993. To opt out of marketing email, you can:
Click on the opt out in links on the bottom of any marketing email WWF sends to you.
Go to the Supporter Hub at
www.worldwildlife.org/login
and click on "My email subscriptions."
Does WWF Collect Information from Children?
WWF does not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13. The Sites are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that WWF learns that it has collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have collected any Personal Information from a child under 13,
please contact us
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information about our disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for those parties’ own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send a letter to:
Website Director World Wildlife Fund
1250 24th Street
Washington, DC 20037
Personal Information Collected through Meta Platforms
You have the right to ask for any Personal Information collected through use of any Meta Platforms, Inc. platform ("Meta Personal Information") to be changed or deleted at any later time. If you have questions or concerns regarding your Meta Personal Information, including requests for deletion, please fill out this
form
.
Third-Party Services
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Sites link. The inclusion of a link on the Sites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
WWF may from time to time and at its discretion amend this Privacy Policy. The “Effective Date” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. If you would like to view prior versions of this Privacy Policy, go to
https://www.worldwildlife.org/pages/out-of-date-privacy-policies
.
Security
WWF is committed to ensuring that any Personal Information we collect is secure. We have procedures and technology in place to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Records containing Personal Information are stored at secure facilities. WWF employees are provided training on how to treat your data securely. Our websites use a Transport Layer Security, the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the web server and browsers remain private. All online donation transactions are handled by Payment Card Industry (PCI)-compliant vendors. PCI refers to the technical and operational standards that businesses must follow to ensure that credit card data provided by cardholders is protected. These security standards are in place for WWF to protect your information.
Cross-Border Transfer
The Sites are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and, by using the Sites, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
Additional Websites Subject to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy shall apply to the following websites and all associated subdomains:
storyofwater.org / northerngreatplains.org
bioplasticfeedstockalliance.org
boundlessconservation.com
www.wwfclimatecrowd.org
www.seafoodsustainability.org
www.envirodm.org
www.wearestillin.com / www.wearestillin.org
www.americaisallin.com / www.americaisallin.org
www.lowcarbonusa.org
detect.trade
www.climatelandchallenge.org
www.hydrosheds.org
www.endwildlifetraffickingonline.org
www.thirdpolegeolab.org
www.resource-plastic.com
commoditiesjurisdictions.org
wwf-gcf.org
www.foodwasteactionplan.org
onesourcecoalition.org
oceansfutures.org
dcftoolkit.org
zerofoodwastecoalition.org
woodrisk.org
www.globalfarmlosstool.org
Questions/Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please visit the “Help” section of the Sites, where you can view
Frequently Asked Questions
,
submit a question
and receive assistance from a WWF member services representative. You can also send a letter to:
Website Director World Wildlife Fund
1250 24th Street
Washington, DC 20037
---------------------------------------------------------------
2019 World Wildlife Fund, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Modified: May 14, 2019
World Wildlife Fund, Inc. (“WWF”) respects privacy, and we know that many care about how information is used and shared. This Privacy Policy applies to the WWF website www.worldwildlife.org, to all associated subdomains, online services, and mobile applications, and to those sites listed in the paragraph below labeled “Additional Websites Subject to the Privacy Policy” (collectively, the “Sites”). By visiting any of the Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any of the terms herein, please immediately discontinue use of the Sites.
What Information We Collect
When you visit the Sites, WWF and its service providers may collect personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, email address, and payment information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person.
In addition, WWF and its service providers use a variety of techniques to gather other information about your use of the Sites, including, among other things, your IP address, browser type, mobile device type, content visited while on the Sites, and the duration of your visit to the Sites. “
Other Information
” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.
If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Sites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How We Collect Information
WWF and its service providers collect Personal Information that you provide while using the Sites. For instance, WWF gathers information when you fill out forms on the Sites, including, for example, e-newsletter sign-up forms, donation forms, surveys and advocacy action alerts. We may supplement the information we collect from you with information we collect from and about you from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, social media platforms and from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media platforms. For example, if you choose to connect your social media account to your Site account, certain Personal Information from your social media account will be shared with us. This may include Personal Information that is part of your profile or your friends’ profiles.
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
We use “cookies” to help us monitor traffic and collect information about use of the Sites. Cookies are pieces of data placed on your device when you visit the Sites that help us recognize you when you come back to the Sites, allowing us, for instance, to remember the email address and password you use when you log in on a specific computer. WWF uses the aggregated information collected from cookies to measure the number of visits to the Sites, the average time spent on the Sites, the identity and number of pages viewed, and to gather other traffic data and information that allows us to improve the Sites. We also use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Sites. Cookies further allow us to select which of our content is most likely to appeal to you and display it while you are on the Sites.
WWF also uses a variety of third-party web and mobile app analytics and optimization services to improve the Sites and enhance the visitor experience. For examples, the Sites use web analytics services that may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, text you type in the Sites, and similar activity. The Sites do not use these services to collect any personally identifiable information not otherwise provided by you in using the Sites, and they do not track your browsing habits across other third-party websites on our behalf.
We also use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect information about Site use anonymously and reports website trends, without identifying individual visitors. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
We may also use a third-party service provider called SAS Solutions, which uses cookies and other technologies to help us analyze how visitors use the Sites, and which may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, text you type in the Sites, and similar activity. The Sites do not use this service to collect any personally identifiable information not otherwise provided by you in using the Sites.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Sites and other websites, based on information relating to your access to and use of the Sites and other websites. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags). If you would like more information about this practice and to learn about your choices in connection with it, please visit
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/ - !/
and
https://www.aboutads.info/
.
We may use pixel tags and other similar technologies to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Sites, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about use of the Sites and response rates.
We may use Adobe Flash technology (including Flash Local Shared Objects (“Flash LSOs”) and other similar technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the Sites. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the
Website Storage Settings Panel
. You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the
Global Storage Settings Panel
and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to “information” on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with the Sites or our online content.
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, and Internet browser type and version.
We may collect your IP address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Sites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is a common practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Sites.
When you download and use our mobile applications (each, an “App”), we may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or Wi-Fi signals. We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content.
Information that you provide, such as your preferred means of communication, does not personally identify you unless it is combined with your Personal Information.
We may aggregate Personal Information. Aggregated information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Sites (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How We Use Collected Information
WWF may use your Personal Information:
To send you information about WWF or WWF partners.
To personalize your interactions with WWF, such as to customize your web and email content based on your interests, send you requests to participate events in your area and otherwise target content and communications to you.
To respond to inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations, renew your membership, or send you information about a project, as well as to provide membership services.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the Sites and changes to tour terms, conditions, and policies.
To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information.
To facilitate social sharing functionality.
For our internal purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying the Sites, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our activities.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our partners, our approved vendors, and their service providers.
To our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other similar services.
To third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions.
By you, on message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs, and other services to which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to users of the Sites and to the general public. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, on the Sites.
To your friends associated with your social media account, to other website users and to your social media account provider, in connection with your social sharing activity, such as if you connect your social media account to your Site account or log-into your Site account from your social media account. By connecting your Site account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, friends associated with your social media account, and other website users, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the recipients’ privacy policy(ies). If you do not want your Personal Information shared with other users or with your social media account provider, please do not connect your social media account with your Site account, and do not participate in social sharing on the Sites.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our operations, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We may also use and disclose your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
How Can You Control Collection of Your Information?
Set your web browser to inform you of when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored and refuse any request to set cookies, and do not accept cookies from WWF. Erase all WWF cookies from your hard drive.
Do not provide your information when prompted by the Sites.
Please note, however, that if you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate the Sites may be limited. Further, in the event you choose not to share information, WWF will be unable to respond to your request for WWF information, enter you in any sweepstakes or contests, facilitate your action via WWF's Action Network, or send online postcards.
If you would like to request that WWF not share your Personal Information with our third-party partners and service providers for their marketing purposes, please call 1-800-960-0993 and ask that the representative mark your record as “No Exchange.”
Finally, if you would like to modify Personal Information you have previously provided us, please manage your profile by visiting
www.worldwildlife.org/login
.
How Can You Stop Receiving Communications from WWF?
If you would like to opt out of receiving content from WWF, you can:
Take the opportunity to opt out in links on the bottom of marketing email WWF sends to you.
Go to the Supporter Center
www.worldwildlife.org/login
and click “update my email preferences” under Quick Links.
Call the membership hotline at 1 - 800 - 960 – 0993 to tell us you do not want to receive communications from WWF.
Does WWF Collect Information from Children?
WWF does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. The Sites are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that WWF learns that it has collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have collected any personal information from a child under 13,
please contact us
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information about our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for those parties’ own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send a letter to:
Website Director World Wildlife Fund
1250 24th Street
Washington, DC 20037
Third-Party Services
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Sites link. The inclusion of a link on the Sites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
WWF may from time to time and at its discretion amend this Privacy Policy. The “Effective Date” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. If you would like to view prior versions of this Privacy Policy, go to
https://www.worldwildlife.org/pages/out-of-date-privacy-policies
.
Security
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Questions/Contact Information” section below.
Cross-Border Transfer
The Sites are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and, by using the Sites, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
Additional Websites Subject to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy shall apply to the following websites and all associated subdomains:
storyofwater.org / northerngreatplains.org
www.wwfclimatecrowd.org
www.seafoodsustainability.org
www.envirodm.org
www.wearestillin.com / www.wearestillin.org
www.lowcarbonusa.org
detect.trade
www.climatelandchallenge.org
www.hydrosheds.org
www.endwildlifetraffickingonline.org
www.thirdpolegeolab.org
www.resource-plastic.com
Questions/Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please visit the “Help” section of the Sites, where you can view
Frequently Asked Questions
,
submit a question
and receive assistance from a WWF member services representative. You can also send a letter to:
Website Director World Wildlife Fund
1250 24th Street
Washington, DC 20037
---------------------------------------------------------------
2015 World Wildlife Fund, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Modified:
March 30, 2015
World Wildlife Fund, Inc. (“WWF”) respects privacy, and we know that many care about how information is used and shared. This Privacy Policy applies to the WWF website www.worldwildlife.org, to all associated subdomains, online services, and mobile applications, and to those sites listed in the paragraph below labeled “Additional Websites Subject to the Privacy Policy” (collectively, the “Sites”). By visiting any of the Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any of the terms herein, please immediately discontinue use of the Sites.
What Information We Collect
When you visit the Sites, WWF and its service providers may collect personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, email address, and payment information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person.
In addition, WWF and its service providers use a variety of techniques to gather other information about your use of the Sites, including, among other things, your IP address, browser type, mobile device type, content visited while on the Sites, and the duration of your visit to the Sites. “
Other Information
” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.
If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Sites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How We Collect Information
WWF and its service providers collect Personal Information that you provide while using the Sites. For instance, WWF gathers information when you fill out forms on the Sites, including, for example, e-newsletter sign-up forms, donation forms, and advocacy action alerts. We may supplement the information we collect from you with information we collect from and about you from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, social media platforms and from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media platforms. For example, if you choose to connect your social media account to your Site account, certain Personal Information from your social media account will be shared with us. This may include Personal Information that is part of your profile or your friends’ profiles.
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
We use “cookies” to help us monitor traffic and collect information about use of the Sites. Cookies are pieces of data placed on your device when you visit the Sites that help us recognize you when you come back to the Sites, allowing us, for instance, to remember the email address and password you use when you log in on a specific computer. WWF uses the aggregated information collected from cookies to measure the number of visits to the Sites, the average time spent on the Sites, the identity and number of pages viewed, and to gather other traffic data and information that allows us to improve the Sites. We also use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Sites. Cookies further allow us to select which of our content is most likely to appeal to you and display it while you are on the Sites.
WWF also uses a variety of third-party web and mobile app analytics and optimization services to improve the Sites and enhance the visitor experience. For examples, the Sites use a web analytics service that may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as text you type in the Sites. The Sites do not use these services to collect any personally identifiable information not otherwise provided by you in using the Sites, and they do not track your browsing habits across other third-party websites on our behalf. For more information regarding these practices, please visit the privacy policy of our web analytics service by going to
http://www.clicktale.com/privacy_service.aspx
.
The Sites also use a third-party service provider to provide certain analytics services to you in connection with your operation of such website, including the collection and tracking of certain data and information regarding the characteristics and activities of visitors to such website. Visitors may opt-out of this analytics service by using
KISSmetrics' Opt-Out Feature
. You may disclose visitor data, including Personally Identifiable Information, to certain such third-party services providers to obtain such services.
We also use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect information about Site use anonymously and reports website trends, without identifying individual visitors. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
The Sites use the ClickTale customer experience analytics service. The ClickTale service helps us analyze how visitors use our Websites. We do not collect through the ClickTale service or transfer to ClickTale any personal identifiable information. We only use the ClickTale service to record, on a completely anonymous basis, information such as mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as non-Personally Identifiable Information text you type in this website. ClickTale does not create a user profile for the purpose of tracking a user across unrelated web sites and will only use such information pursuant to its Privacy Policy (located at
http://www.clicktale.com/privacy_service.aspx
). You can choose to disable the ClickTale service at
http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html
.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Sites and other websites, based on information relating to your access to and use of the Sites and other websites. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags). If you would like more information about this practice and to learn about your choices in connection with it, please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
and
http://www.aboutads.info/
.
We may use pixel tags and other similar technologies to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Sites, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about use of the Sites and response rates.
We may use Adobe Flash technology (including Flash Local Shared Objects (“Flash LSOs”) and other similar technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the Sites. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the
Website Storage Settings Panel
. You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the
Global Storage Settings Panel
and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to “information” on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with the Sites or our online content.
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, and Internet browser type and version.
We may collect your IP address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Sites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is a common practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Sites.
When you download and use our mobile applications (each, an “App”), we may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or Wi-Fi signals. We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content.
Information that you provide, such as your preferred means of communication, does not personally identify you unless it is combined with your Personal Information.
We may aggregate Personal Information. Aggregated information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Sites (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How We Use Collected Information
WWF may use your Personal Information:
To send you information about WWF or WWF partners.
To personalize your interactions with WWF, such as to customize your web and email content based on your interests, send you requests to participate events in your area and otherwise target content and communications to you.
To respond to inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations, renew your membership, or send you information about a project, as well as to provide membership services.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the Sites and changes to tour terms, conditions, and policies.
To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information.
To facilitate social sharing functionality.
For our internal purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying the Sites, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our activities.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our partners, our approved vendors, and their service providers.
To our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other similar services.
To third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions.
By you, on message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs, and other services to which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to users of the Sites and to the general public. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, on the Sites.
To your friends associated with your social media account, to other website users and to your social media account provider, in connection with your social sharing activity, such as if you connect your social media account to your Site account or log-into your Site account from your social media account. By connecting your Site account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, friends associated with your social media account, and other website users, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the recipients’ privacy policy(ies). If you do not want your Personal Information shared with other users or with your social media account provider, please do not connect your social media account with your Site account, and do not participate in social sharing on the Sites.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our operations, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We may also use and disclose your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
How Can You Control Collection of Your Information?
Set your web browser to inform you of when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored and refuse any request to set cookies, and do not accept cookies from WWF. Erase all WWF cookies from your hard drive.
Do not provide your information when prompted by the Sites.
Please note, however, that if you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate the Sites may be limited. Further, in the event you choose not to share information, WWF will be unable to respond to your request for WWF information, enter you in any sweepstakes or contests, facilitate your action via WWF's Action Network, or send online postcards.
Finally, if you would like to modify Personal Information you have previously provided us, please manage your profile by visiting
www.worldwildlife.org/login
.
How Can You Stop Receiving Communications from WWF?
If you would like to opt out of receiving content from WWF, you can:
Take the opportunity to opt out in links on the bottom of marketing email WWF sends to you.
Go to the Supporter Center
www.worldwildlife.org/login
and click “update my email preferences” under Quick Links.
Call the membership hotline at 1 - 800 - 960 – 0993 to tell us you do not want to receive communications from WWF.
Does WWF Collect Information from Children?
WWF does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. The Sites are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that WWF learns that it has collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have collected any personal information from a child under 13,
please contact us
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information about our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for those parties’ own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send a letter to:
Website Director World Wildlife Fund
1250 24th Street
Washington, DC 20037
Third-Party Services
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Sites link. The inclusion of a link on the Sites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
WWF may from time to time and at its discretion amend this Privacy Policy. The “Effective Date” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. If you would like to view prior versions of this Privacy Policy, go to
http://www.worldwildlife.org/pages/privacy-policy-2006
.
Security
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Questions/Contact Information” section below.
Cross-Border Transfer
The Sites are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and, by using the Sites, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
Additional Websites Subject to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy shall apply to the following websites and all associated subdomains:
www.wwfclimatecrowd.org
www.seafoodsustainability.org
www.envirodm.org
www.wearestillin.com / www.wearestillin.org
www.lowcarbonusa.org
detect.trade
Questions/Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please visit the “Help” section of the Sites, where you can view
Frequently Asked Questions
,
submit a question via email
and receive assistance from a WWF member services representative. You can also send a letter to:
Website Director World Wildlife Fund
1250 24th Street
Washington, DC 20037
---------------------------------------------------------------
2006 World Wildlife Fund, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Modified: June 28, 2006
Not only does World Wildlife Fund (WWF) care about our planet, we care about online privacy. This privacy policy serves to inform you of what information we may collect about you, and how we may use that information. Please note that this privacy policy may change from time to time.
Please read the following description of our privacy practices and, if you have any questions, visit our Help section, where you can view Frequently Asked Questions, submit a question via email and receive assistance from a WWF member services representative. You can also send a letter to:
Web Master
World Wildlife Fund
1250 24th Street
Washington, DC 20037
TABLE OF CONTENTS
I. What information may be collected
II. How information may be used
III. User control over collection and use of information
I. WHAT INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTED
WWF collects two kinds of information: personal information that you choose to supply us, and non-personal information, such as your IP address.
A. Personally Identifiable Information
Newsletters, Online Postcards, Donations and Other WWF Information
If you subscribe to a WWF e-newsletter, request additional information about WWF, submit a donation online, or participate in any of the other services on the WWF web site that require personal information, we may request your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, birth year, and eligibility to vote, in order to respond to your inquiries. If you send a friend an online postcard, we may request your name and email address as well as the name and email address of the friend to whom you wish to send the postcard. WWF may collect and store the information you choose to provide us to send you information about WWF and WWF partners and third parties from time to time. If you make a donation to WWF and elect to pay online, WWF will collect the necessary financial information. WWF collects and stores some information the user chooses to provide, including name, address and email address, to send users information about WWF and WWF partners and third parties from time to time. WWF will not disclose financial information except as necessary to fulfill users' donation requests. WWF collects such financial information in a secure manner and discards such financial information after processing.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions
From time to time, we may request information from you via online polls, surveys, sweepstakes or contests. Participation in these survey, sweepstakes or contests is completely voluntary; you have a choice whether or not to disclose information required to enter. Information requested may include personal contact information such as your name, shipping and email addresses. Contact information will be used to notify winners, award prizes and contact users with further information about WWF products and services, as well as the products and services of WWF partners and third parties. Survey information will be used for the purposes of monitoring or improving use and satisfaction of the WWF web site.
World Wildlife Fund's Action Network
WWF's Action Network collects and uses personally identifiable information in connection with grassroots outreach and advocacy efforts. In order to use the WWF Action Network tools to send emails, faxes, or letters to decision makers, we require a user to provide a name, mailing address, and email address. Participation in World Wildlife Fund's Action Network is entirely voluntary. Information collected is used for the promotion of WWF and the Action Network legislative goals, grassroots outreach and policy advocacy.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data placed on your hard drive when you visit our site. We may use cookies to help us recognize you when you come back to our site. We may also use cookies to help us monitor traffic on our site. This information may be aggregated in an anonymous manner. You can select to have our web site remember your email address and password on your specific computer when you login. This information will be stored in a cookie on your hard drive that will only be used when you return to the site to login again.
We may from time to time link cookie information with personally identifiable information collected from the WWF's Action Network. This will help us better tailor our site and provide you with offers that we think may be of interest to you.
B. Non-personally identifiable information
Session Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data placed on your hard drive when you visit our site. We use session cookies to help you navigate through the actions on our site when you log in, but they contain no personally identifiable information about you. We may also use cookies to help us monitor traffic on our site. This information may be aggregated in an anonymous manner. This will help us better tailor our site and provide you with offers that we think may be of interest to you.
IP Addresses and Environmental Variables
WWF may also collect information through IP addresses or environmental variables. An "IP address" is a number used by computers on the network to identify your computer so that data can be transmitted to you. "Environmental variables" include, among other things, the domain from which you access the Internet, the time you accessed our web site, type of web browser and operating system or platform used, the Internet address of the web site you left to visit WWF, the names of the pages you visit while at our web site, and the Internet address of the web site you then visit. We collect all of this information to allow us to detect broad demographic trends, to provide information tailored to your interests and to enhance your experience on WWF's web site. This information may be aggregated in an anonymous manner.
Security measures
WWF provides site visitors with a secure server environment when making online donations. WWF uses industry standard encryption method --Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) -- for secure transfer of sensitive personal and financial data between your web browser and our web servers, which are stored off-site in a physically secure, locked hosting facility with limited access.
Web Analytics
This site uses a web analytics service that may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as text you type in this website. This site does not use the service to collect any personally identifiable information entered in this website, and it does not track your browsing habits across web sites which do not use the same services. For more information see
Privacy Policy for Information Collected by the Web Analytics Service
. We are using the information collected to improve the WWF web site and enhancing the visitor experience.
II. HOW INFORMATION MAY BE USED
We may share personally and non-personally identifiable information with third parties that help manage our web site and databases and with our partners, affiliates, or other third parties.
We will not, however, share personally identifiable information obtained from activists when they subscribe to WWF's Action Network or to send a message to a decision maker using WWF's Action Network, with the following two exceptions: (1) when you take action, you will be identified on the action itself as the sender - for example, in the fax or email sent to the decision-maker; (2) we may share personally identifiable information with third parties that help manage our web site and databases, who are subject to a confidentiality agreement.
III. USER CONTROL OVER COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
WWF provides you with the following choices regarding the use of your information:
You may set your browser to: (1) inform you when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored; (2) not accept cookies at all; and (3) erase all cookies from your hard drive. However, if you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate our site may be limited.
You may choose not to provide WWF with any contact information. However, if you do so, we will be unable to respond to your request for WWF information, enter you in any sweepstakes or contests, facilitate your action via WWF's Action Network, or send online postcards. Additionally, your ability to navigate our site may be limited.
If you would like to opt-out of receiving some or all further information from WWF, either (1) take the opportunity to opt out wherever personally identifiable information is collected, (2) take the opportunity to opt out in links on the bottom of email we send to you, or (3) go to the Profile Editor tool
www.worldwildlife.org/login
.
If you would like to change or modify information you have previously provided us, please manage your profile by visiting our web site at
www.worldwildlife.org/login
.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of our Web sites, please contact:
membership@wwfus.org
Cookie Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow all
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label