This website uses cookies to ensure the best visitor experience.
Learn more
Got it!
Features
Blog
Partners
Contact Us
Login
Admin Login
Staff Login
Watch Demo
uTRAC Privacy Policy
Beretangia Limited (trading as uTRAC) ("
We
") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with the
uTRAC Software Terms of Service
and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Acts 1988, 2003, & GDPR, the data controller/processor is Beretangia Limited (trading as uTRAC), a company incorporated and registered in Ireland with company number 492253 whose registered office is at 24A Lower Abbey Street, Dublin 1, County Dublin, Ireland.
uTRAC User Privacy
Website Visitor Privacy
Employee Data
This section of our privacy policy refers specifically to the commercial website, utraconline.com, and not our privacy policy for use of the uTRAC Workforce Management Software. Please contact
privacy@utraconline.com
for more information on how to opt-out of visitor tracking on this website.
Visitor Information We May Collect
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site.
Demographic Information eg. age, gender, interests.
Device Information eg. operating system and browser type.
If any person contacts us via our site, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask visitors to our site to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although there is no obligation to complete those surveys.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, content interactions, weblogs and other communication data.
IP Addresses
Website analytical tools used by uTRAC anonymize IP addresses allowing us to analyse relevant visitor data while masking the identity of the visitor.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other visitors to our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. Visitors may deny the use of websites saving cookie information within their browser's security settings.
Third Party Cookie Tracking
You can find more information about the individual analytical services we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Service
Type
Purpose
Google Analytics
Visitor Information
We use Google Analytics to monitor visitor information, traffic levels, search queries and visits to this website.
Google Analytics stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the US, and neither uTRAC or Google associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable Google to determine whether you are a return visitor to the site, to track the pages that you visit during your session, and tailor search and display advertisements.
Opt-Out of Google Analytics Tracking
How to Opt-Out of Google Advertising
Mouseflow
Visitor Behaviour
We use Mouseflow to monitor visitor behavior on this website such as referrer URL, page visits, clicks, mouse movements, hovers and scrolling.
Mouseflow stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the EU/EEA, and neither uTRAC or Mouseflow associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information. Mouseflow does not record any actions input into forms hosted on the uTRAC website.
Opt-Out of Mouseflow Tracking
Wistia
Content Interaction
We use Wistia to monitor the interaction with video content embedded on our website, such as play duration, skips etc.
Wistia stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the EU/EEA, and neither uTRAC or Wistia associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information.
Wistia Privacy Policy
All visitor data is deleted every 6 months where there is no legitimate requirement to hold that data. Please contact
privacy@utraconline.com
for more information on how to opt-out of visitor tracking on this website.
Communications
Individuals that contact uTRAC via our proprietary domains (utraconline.com, utrac.online, utrac.email etc.) do so at their own discretion and any personal details are shared at their own risk. Every effort has been made, to keep personal data shared through electronic communications private and secure until a time it is no longer required and has no legitimate use, as detailed in the
2018 GDPR Legislation
.
This website's owners, uTRAC, and their employees may use submitted information to provide assistance with queries about our products that may have been submitted. This includes forwarding any updates included in our newsletter program that visitors/users have opted-in to (read below).
Third Party Communication Services
uTRAC uses third party communication tools for the purposes of interacting with individuals that have contacted us via our proprietary domains. uTRAC's internal data policies ensure all third parties adhere to the strictest form of data privacy and can adequately provide regulatory compliance to our business.
Service
Type
Purpose
G Suite
Email
G Suite is part of the Google Cloud suite for businesses. We use G Suite to manage emails sent to/from uTRAC personnel.
Google Cloud Privacy Details
Salesforce
CRM
We use Salesforce to capture personal data input into forms embedded throughout this website, such as contact requests and trial sign-ups.
Salesforce stores this information within the EU/EEA and does not capture IP addresses with any form captures. uTRAC will not communicate with any individual that fills our forms without expressed consent and individuals may opt-out of any communications sent by uTRAC.
Salesforce Privacy Details
Intercom
Instant Messaging
We use Intercom to communicate with visitors to our website and users of the uTRAC workforce management software. Individuals may choose to interact with our sales and support teams via the Intercom instant messaging widget located on various uTRAC websites.
Visitors that provide email addresses will automatically receive email communications related to their queries and can opt-out of these communications should they wish.
Intercom Privacy Details
Zendesk
Support
We use Zendesk to capture contact information, sent to our various helpdesk email accounts (support@utraconline.com, support@utrac.online etc.) and input into forms embedded throughout this website and the https://utraconline.zendesk.com Help site, such as contact requests and trial sign-ups.
Zendesk stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the EU/EEA, and neither uTRAC or Intercom associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information that is provided.
Zendesk Privacy Details
Mailchimp
Marketing
uTRAC uses Mailchimp to manage our newsletter program used to update subscribers about products and services supplied by our business. Only opted-in subscribers will receive newsletter communications and may easily opt-out of future communications.
Mailchimp Privacy Details
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 155 of the Companies Acts, 1963.
uTRAC will only disclose your personal information to third parties in the event ...
... that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
... that Beretangia Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
... that are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Beretangia Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Access to Your Data
uTRAC will adhere to legitimate requests to disclose and erase your personal data. Requests can be made via
privacy@utraconline.com
.
Where We Store Your Data
uTRAC endeavours to store all data provided by website visitors from the EU/EEA region within the EU. Any third-party data processors used by uTRAC that transfer visitor data outside of the EU can do so lawfully by relying on binding corporate rules, Privacy Shield certifications, or standard contractual clauses.
This section of our privacy policy refers specifically to personal data held by uTRAC in its provision of software and services. For the purposes of this document, uTRAC software carries two different types of personal data;
User Data
Employee Data
User Data We Control
Contact information - eg. name, address email, phone number.
Communication logs - emails, instant messages.
Payment details - card or payment details used to pay for monthly subscription*.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, content interactions, weblogs and other communication data.
*uTRAC does not hold any credit/debit card details used for processing online subscription payments. These payments are processed through Stripe.
Cookies
Our software uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our software. This provides us with vital information that helps us to improve our services.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. Users may deny the use of websites saving cookie information within their browser's security settings but may have a diminished experience.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our site, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our site works, and to improve it for example, by ensuring that they are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to our site. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies.
These cookies record visitor information and the pages you have
visited
and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
uTRAC Apps
As part of the uTRAC service, users may download mobile apps to their android or apple device via the Google Play or iTunes app stores. uTRAC adheres to privacy policies outlined in the respected app marketplaces. Users should be aware of the individual app store polices when downloading apps.
Apple Privacy Policy
Google Play T&Cs
User Communications
Users that contact uTRAC via our proprietary domains (utraconline.com, utrac.online, utrac.email etc.) do so at their own discretion and any personal details are shared at their own risk. Every effort has been made, to keep personal data shared through electronic communications private and secure until a time it is no longer required and has no legitimate use, as detailed in the
2018 GDPR Legislation
.
uTRAC, and their employees may use submitted information to provide assistance with queries about our products that may have been submitted. This includes forwarding any updates included in our newsletter program that visitors/users have opted-in to (read below).
Third Party Communication Services
uTRAC uses third party communication tools for the purposes of interacting with users and other individuals that have contacted us via our proprietary domains. uTRAC's internal data policies ensure all third parties adhere to the strictest form of data privacy and can adequately provide regulatory compliance to our business.
Service
Type
Purpose
G Suite
Email
G Suite is part of the Google Cloud suite for businesses. We use G Suite to manage emails sent to/from uTRAC personnel.
Google Cloud Privacy Details
Salesforce
CRM
We use Salesforce to capture personal data input into forms embedded throughout this website, such as contact requests and trial sign-ups.
Salesforce stores this information within the EU/EEA and does not capture IP addresses with any form captures. uTRAC will not communicate with any individual that fills our forms without expressed consent and individuals may opt-out of any communications sent by uTRAC.
Salesforce Privacy Details
Intercom
Instant Messaging
We use Intercom to communicate with visitors to our website and users of the uTRAC workforce management software. Individuals may choose to interact with our sales and support teams via the Intercom instant messaging widget located on various uTRAC websites.
Visitors that provide email addresses will automatically receive email communications related to their queries and can opt-out of these communications should they wish.
Intercom Privacy Details
Zendesk
Support
We use Zendesk to capture contact information, sent to our various helpdesk email accounts (support@utraconline.com, support@utrac.online etc.) and input into forms embedded throughout this website and the https://utraconline.zendesk.com Help site, such as contact requests and trial sign-ups.
Zendesk stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the EU/EEA, and neither uTRAC or Intercom associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information that is provided.
Zendesk Privacy Details
Mailgun
Mail Server
uTRAC uses Mailgun to manage all outgoing email communications from the uTRAC software. Users may contact us to discuss options for using their own mail server to handle outgoing emails.
Mailgun Privacy Details
Disclosure of User Information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 155 of the Companies Acts, 1963.
uTRAC will only disclose your personal information to third parties in the event ...
... that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
... that Beretangia Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
... that are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Beretangia Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Access to Your Data
uTRAC will adhere to legitimate requests to disclose and erase your personal data. Requests can be made via
privacy@utraconline.com
.
Where We Store Your Data
uTRAC endeavours to hold all user data within the EU. However, US user data is hosted within the United States. Any transfer of user data outside of the stated regions in order to provide obligations outlined in the customer's terms of service with uTRAC will be done so lawfully.
More Info
Employee Data We Process
Employee personal data - name, address, contact info.
Employee sensitive data - social security, pps, health background, criminal convictions.
How We Process Employee Data
Keeping our customer’s data safe is the most important aspect of what we do and uTRAC’s security is fundamental to our business. Please read
this article
for more information.
Data Protection Officer
uTRAC have appointed Data Protection Officer. In this role, our DPO will be performing regular internal audits to ensure that uTRAC’s Privacy Policies is fully implemented and adhered to.
Please contact
compliance@utraconline.com
if you have any queries.
Data Processing Agreement
uTRAC's standard data processing agreement for EU/EEA customers is applied through our software terms of service.
Security Policies, Training & Enforcement
uTRAC enforces strict data policies throughout its businesses with rigorous training and monitoring.
Risk Impact Assessments
uTRAC implements a 'privacy by design' approach to developing our platform which includes extensive risk assessment to each product change.
Data Separation
All personal data uploaded by EU/EEA clients is not transferred outside of uTRAC's EU based servers.
3rd Parties
uTRAC does not share any employee data uploaded by clients with any 3rd parties.
Encryption in Transit
All data transferred to/from uTRAC is encrypted using 256b enterprise level SSL encryption.
Encryption at Rest
Sensitive data remains hidden through pseudonymisation and asynchronous encryption when appropriate.
Testing
uTRAC regularly scans for endpoint vulnerabilities and runs penetration tests to maintain data integrity.
Breach Monitoring & Notifications
uTRAC utilize alarms and redundancies to monitor breaches. Customers will be notified the exact details of any data breach without delay, where feasible.
Consent, Transparency & 'Right to Be Forgotten'
Employees may review and amend their personal data through the uTRAC platform while uTRAC enables its clients to request privacy policy 'opt-ins' from employees. uTRAC can also quickly assist with any requests made by employees to our clients for data amendment, review, or erasure.
Information for Employees
What is uTRAC?
uTRAC is an online workforce management application used by businesses to store your personal data for legitimate HR purposes.
What Data Is Collected?
Information about you collected and stored in the uTRAC platform is controlled by your employers. Please contact your employers for more information about the personal data they host in uTRAC.
Where Is Your Data?
uTRAC stores all personal data belonging to employees of non-US companies, including EU companies, within the EU. Data belonging too employees of US companies is held in the United States.
What are Your Rights?
Data Access
If you wish to obtain a copy of your data, please contact your employer.
Data Correction
If you wish to amend your data, please contact your employer to request a change or access to a uTRAC portal where you may manually update your details.
Data Erasure
In some instances, you are entitled to request the erasure of your personal data. Please submit any data erasure requests to your employer, or former employer, who may comply where they do not have a legitimate requirement to hold that data.
If any request cannot be processed or is not responded to in a timely manner, please contact
privacy@utraconline.com
.
Email Newsletter
uTRAC operates an email newsletter program used to update subscribers about products and services supplied by our business. Individuals can subscribe through various forms located throughout this website. Newsletters sent by uTRAC may contain tracking facilities to monitor interactions such as bounces, opens, clicks, forwards, and unsubscribes, to refine future newsletters and send more relevant content.
All newsletter communications adhere to anti-spam and email marketing practices required by the Data Protection Acts 1988, 2003, & GDPR legislation. Only opted-in subscribers will receive newsletter communications and may easily opt-out of future communications.
External Links
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Social Media
Communications, engagement, and actions taken by uTRAC and its employees are custom uTRAC's internal Privacy Policies, and to the Terms & Conditions held by each respective social media platform. uTRAC will never ask for any personal information to be shared through its various social media channels and recommend that all communications related to personal information are directed through its primary phone, email, and helpdesk channels.
uTRAC may utilize social share buttons throughout its various websites to help share web-content through various social media channels. Any content shared from uTRAC websites are done so at the user's discretion.
Twitter T&Cs
Facebook T&Cs
LinkedIn T&Cs
Pinterest T&Cs
Youtube T&Cs
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Privacy Related Queries
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
privacy@utraconline.com
.
Further Information
General Data Protection Regulation, 2018
Data Protection Act, 1998
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/ie/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Accessories
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
iCloud+
Apple Pay
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Straps
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Fitness+
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Shop Apple Store Online
Accessories
AirPods
AirTag
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet.  We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals.  Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models.  To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
.  For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 1
https://cloud.google.com/security/compliance/gdpr/:
For additional resources refer to Google Cloud's
Privacy Resource Center
Back to Privacy Resource Center
Current
Google Cloud & the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) is a privacy legislation that replaced the
95/46/EC Directive on Data Protection
of 24 October 1995 on May 25, 2018. GDPR lays out specific requirements for businesses and organizations who are established in Europe or who serve users in Europe. It:
Regulates how businesses can collect, use, and store personal data
Builds upon current documentation and reporting requirements to increase accountability
Authorizes fines on businesses who fail to meet its requirements
At Google Cloud, we champion initiatives that prioritize and improve the security and privacy of customer personal data, and want you, as a Google Cloud customer, to feel confident using our services in light of GDPR requirements. If you partner with Google Cloud, we will support your GDPR compliance efforts by:
Committing in our contracts to comply with the GDPR in relation to our processing of customer personal data in all Google Cloud and Google Workspace services
Offering additional security features that may help you to better protect the personal data that is most sensitive
Giving you the documentation and resources to assist you in your privacy assessment of our services
Continuing to evolve our capabilities as the regulatory landscape changes
Google Workspace & Google Cloud Commitments to the GDPR
Data controllers must use data processors with appropriate technical and organizational measures. When conducting your GDPR assessment of Google Cloud consider the following:
Expand all
EXPERT KNOWLEDGE, RELIABILITY & RESOURCES
Data Protection Expertise
Google employs security and privacy professionals that include some of the world’s foremost experts in information, application, and network security. This expert team is tasked with maintaining the company’s defense systems, developing security review processes, building stronger security infrastructure, and precisely implementing Google’s security policies.
Google also employs an extensive team of lawyers, regulatory compliance experts, and public policy specialists who look after privacy and security compliance for Google Cloud.
These teams work with customers, industry stakeholders, and supervisory authorities to ensure our Google Workspace and Google Cloud services can help customers meet their compliance needs.
DATA PROTECTION COMMITMENTS
Data Processing Agreements
Our data processing agreements for
Google Workspace
and
Google Cloud
clearly articulate our privacy commitment to customers. We have evolved these terms over the years based on feedback from our customers and regulators.
We specifically updated these terms to reflect the GDPR, and, to facilitate our customers' compliance assessment and GDPR readiness when using Google Cloud services. Learn more about the
Google Workspace Data Processing Amendment
, the
Google Workspace EU Standard Contract Clauses
, the
Google Cloud Data Processing and Security Terms
, and the
Google Cloud EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCCs)
.
Our customers can enter into these updated data processing terms via the opt in process described for the
Google Workspace Data Processing Amendment
and the
Google Cloud Data Processing and Security Terms
.
Processing According to Instructions
Any data that a customer and its users put into our systems will only be processed in accordance with the customer’s instructions, as described in our GDPR-updated data processing agreements.
Personnel Confidentiality Commitments
All Google employees are required to sign a confidentiality agreement and complete mandatory confidentiality and privacy trainings, as well as our Code of Conduct training. Google’s Code of Conduct specifically addresses responsibilities and expected behavior with respect to the protection of information.
USE OF SUBPROCESSORS
Google Group companies directly conduct the majority of data processing activities required to provide the Google Workspace and Google Cloud services. However, we do engage some third-party vendors to assist in supporting these services. Each vendor goes through a rigorous selection process to ensure it has the required technical expertise and can deliver the appropriate level of security and privacy.
We make information available about Google group subprocessors supporting
Google Workspace
and
Google Cloud
services, as well as third-party subprocessors involved in those services. See
here
for Google Workspace subprocessor details, and
here
for Google Cloud subprocessor details. We also include commitments relating to subprocessors in our data processing agreements.
SECURITY OF THE SERVICES
According to the GDPR, appropriate technical and organizational measures shall be implemented to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk.
Google operates a global infrastructure designed to provide state-of-the-art security through the entire information processing lifecycle. This infrastructure is built to provide secure deployment of services, secure storage of data with end-user privacy safeguards, secure communications between services, secure and private communication with customers over the Internet, and safe operation by administrators. Google Workspace and Google Cloud run on this infrastructure.
We designed the security of our infrastructure in layers that build upon one another, from the physical security of data centers, to the security protections of our hardware and software, to the processes we use to support operational security. This layered protection creates a strong security foundation for everything we do. A detailed discussion of our Infrastructure Security can be found in
Google Infrastructure Security Design Overview Whitepaper
.
Availability, Integrity & Resilience
Google designs the components of our platform to be highly redundant. Google’s data centers are geographically distributed to minimize the effects of regional disruptions on global products such as natural disasters and local outages. In the event of hardware, software, or network failure, services are automatically and instantly shifted from one facility to another so that operations can continue without interruption. Our highly redundant infrastructure helps customers protect themselves from data loss.
Equipment Testing and Security
Google utilizes barcodes and asset tags to track the status and location of data center equipment from acquisition to installation, retirement, and destruction. If a component fails to pass a performance test at any point during its lifecycle, it is removed from inventory and retired. Google hard drives leverage technologies, such as Full Disk Encryption (FDE) and drive locking, to protect data at rest.
Disaster Recovery Testing
Google conducts disaster recovery testing on an annual basis to provide a coordinated venue for infrastructure and application teams to test communication plans, fail-over scenarios, operational transition, and other emergency responses. All teams that participate in the disaster recovery exercise develop testing plans and post mortems which document the results and lessons learned from the tests.
Encryption
Google uses encryption to protect data in transit and at rest. Google Workspace data in transit between regions is protected using HTTPS, which is activated by default for all users. Google Workspace and Google Cloud services encrypt customer content stored at rest, without any action required from customers, using one or more encryption mechanisms. A detailed discussion of how we encrypt data can be found in these resources:
Workspace Encryption Whitepaper
, and Google Cloud Encryption
in transit
and
at rest
.
Access Controls
For Google employees, access rights and levels are based on job function and role, using the concepts of least-privilege and need-to-know to match access privileges to defined responsibilities. Requests for additional access follow a formal process that involves a request and an approval from a data or system owner, manager, or other executives, as dictated by Google’s security policies. Data centers that house Google Cloud systems and infrastructure components are subject to physical access restrictions and equipped with 24 x 7 on-site security personnel, security guards, access badges, biometric identification mechanisms, physical locks and video cameras to monitor the interior and exterior of the facility.
Incident Management
Google has a dedicated security team responsible for security and privacy of customer data and managing security 24 hours a day and 7 days a week worldwide. Individuals from this team receive incident-related notifications and are responsible for helping resolve emergencies 24 x 7. Incident response policies are in place and procedures for resolving critical incidents are documented. Information from these events is used to help prevent future incidents and can be used as examples for information security training. Google incident management processes and response workflows are documented. Google’s incident management processes are tested on a regular basis as part of our ISO/IEC 27017, ISO/IEC 27018, ISO/IEC 27001, PCI-DSS
1
, SOC 2 and FedRAMP programs to provide our customers and regulators with independent verification of our security, privacy, and compliance controls. More information on our incident response process can be found in our
Data incident response process whitepaper
.
Vulnerability Management
We scan for software vulnerabilities using a combination of commercially available and purpose-built in-house tools, intensive automated and manual penetration testing, quality assurance processes, software security reviews, and external audits. We also rely on the broader security research community and greatly value their help identifying any vulnerabilities in Google Workspace, Google Cloud, and other Google products. Our Vulnerability Reward Program encourages researchers to report design and implementation issues that may put customer data at risk.
Product Security: Google Workspace
Google Workspace customers can leverage product features and configurations to further protect personal data against unauthorized or unlawful processing:
Google Workspace Core Services
, including Gmail, Google Admin Console, Calendar, Drive, Docs, Keep, Sites, Jamboard, Hangouts, Chat, Meet, Cloud Search and Google Groups offer configurable settings to help ensure that your organization’s data is secured, used, and accessed according to your unique requirements.
2-step verification
reduces the risk of unauthorized access by asking users for additional proof of identity when signing in.
Security key enforcement
offers another layer of security for user accounts by requiring a physical key.
The Advanced Protection Program
is our strongest protection for users at risk of targeted online attacks.
Suspicious Login Monitoring
detects suspicious logins using robust machine learning capabilities.
Enhanced email security
requires email messages to be signed and encrypted using Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (S/MIME).
Encryption
: Google Workspace customers' data is encrypted when it's on a disk, stored on backup media, moving over the Internet, or traveling between data centers.
Data loss prevention (DLP)
protects sensitive information within Gmail and Drive from unauthorized sharing.
Advanced phishing and malware protection
protects against suspicious attachments and scripts from untrusted senders, as well as malicious links and images.
Information rights management
in Drive allows you to disable downloading, printing, and copying of files from the advanced sharing menu, and to set expiration dates on file access.
Endpoint management
offers continuous system monitoring and alerts in case of suspicious device activity.
Alert Center
is a place to view essential notifications, alerts, and actions across Google Workspace. Insights around these potential alerts can help administrators assess their organization's exposure to security issues.
Security Center
brings together security analytics, best practice recommendations and integrated remediation to protect your organization’s data, devices and users. It provides you with visibility into external file sharing, spam and malware targeting users within your organization, and integrated remediation via the investigation tool.
Context-aware access
can enforce granular access controls on Google Workspace apps, based on a user’s identity and context of the request.
Google Vault
lets you retain, archive, search, and export your organization's email, Google Drive file content and on-the-record chats for your eDiscovery and compliance needs.
App access control
governs access to Google Workspace services using OAuth 2.0. Organizations can control which third-party and internal apps can access Google Workspace data, and find more details about any third-party apps already in use.
Data Regions
lets you store your covered data in a specific geographic location by using a data region policy.
Access Transparency
lets you review logs of actions taken by Google staff when accessing user content.
To learn more, please visit
https://workspace.google.com/security
Product Security: Google Cloud
Google Cloud customers can leverage product features and configurations to further protect personal data against unauthorised or unlawful processing:
Encryption in transit between regions
is applied by default on Google Cloud to encrypt requests before transmission and to protect the raw data using the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol. Once data is transferred to Google Cloud to be stored, Google Cloud applies
encryption at rest
by default.
2-step verification
reduces the risk of unauthorized access by asking users for additional proof of identity when signing in.
Security key enforcement
offers another layer of security for user accounts by requiring a physical key.
Cloud Identity and Access Management (Cloud IAM)
allows you to create and manage fine-grained access and modification permissions for Google Cloud resources.
Data Loss Prevention API
, part of Sensitive Data Protection (a family of services designed to help you discover, classify, and protect your most sensitive data), helps to identify and monitor the processing of special categories of personal data in order to implement adequate controls.
Cloud Logging
and
Cloud Monitoring
integrate logging, monitoring, alerting, and anomaly detection systems into Google Cloud.
Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy
(Cloud IAP) controls access to cloud applications running on Google Cloud.
Cloud Security Scanner
scans for and detects common vulnerabilities in Google App Engine applications.
VPC Service Controls
provide perimeter protection for services that store highly sensitive data to enable service-level data segmentation.
Cloud KMS
and
HSM
allow for management of encryption keys and cryptographic operations from within a cluster of FIPS 140-2 Level 3 certified Hardware Security Modules (HSMs). KMS allows customers to use Google-managed or customer-managed encryption keys as required to fulfill compliance requirements.
Cloud Security Command Center
allows customers to view and monitor an inventory of their cloud assets, scan storage systems for sensitive data, detect common web vulnerabilities, and review access rights to their critical resources from a single, centralized dashboard.
Access Approval
requires Google administrators to seek explicit customer approval before Google can access data. It works by sending customers an email and/or Cloud Pub/Sub message with an access request that the customer is able to approve. Using the information in the message, customers can use the Google Cloud console or the Access Approval API to approve the access.
To learn more, please visit
https://cloud.google.com/security/
1
For Google Cloud only.
DATA RETENTION & DELETION
Administrators can export customer data, via the functionality of the
Google Workspace
or Google Cloud services (consult
Google Cloud documentation
for further information), at any time during the term of the agreement. We have included data export commitments in our data processing terms for several years, and will continue to work to enhance our data export capabilities, making it even easier for you to download a copy of your customer data from
Google Workspace
and Google Cloud services.
You can also delete customer data, via the functionality of the Google Workspace or Google Cloud services, at any time. When Google receives a complete deletion instruction from you (such as when an email you have deleted can no longer be recovered from your “trash”), Google will delete the relevant customer data from all of its systems within a maximum period of 180 days unless retention obligations apply.
ASSISTANCE TO THE CONTROLLER
Data Subject's Rights
Data controllers can use the Google Workspace and Google Cloud administrative consoles and services functionality to help access, rectify, restrict the processing of, or delete any data that they and their users put into our systems. This functionality will help them fulfill their obligations to respond to requests from data subjects to exercise their rights under the GDPR.
Data Protection Team
Google has designated a DPO for Google LLC and its subsidiaries, to cover data processing subject to the GDPR, including as part of our Cloud products and services. Kristie Chon Flynn is Google's Data Protection Officer. Kristie Chon Flynn is based in Sunnyvale in the U.S.
Where required, Google Cloud products have designated teams to address customer inquiries in relation to data protection. The way to contact these teams is described in the relevant agreement. For Google Workspace the Cloud Data Protection Team can be contacted by Customer’s administrators at
https://support.google.com/a/contact/googlecloud_dpr
(while administrators are signed in to their admin account) and/or directly by providing a notice to Google as described in the applicable agreement. For Google Cloud, that team can be contacted at
https://support.google.com/cloud/contact/dpo
.
Incident Notifications
Google Workspace and Google Cloud have provided contractual commitments around incident notification for many years. We will continue to promptly inform you of incidents involving your customer data in line with the data incident terms in our current agreements.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
The GDPR provides for several mechanisms to facilitate transfers of personal data outside of the EU. These mechanisms are aimed at confirming an adequate level of protection or ensuring the implementation of appropriate safeguards when personal data is transferred to a third country.
An adequate level of protection can be confirmed by adequacy decisions such as the ones that support the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI) and the Swiss Data Protection Act.
Where personal data will be transferred outside of the EU to third countries not covered by adequacy decisions, we commit under our data processing agreements to maintain a mechanism that will facilitate these transfers as required by the GDPR. In 2017, we gained confirmation of compliance from European Data Protection Authorities for our standard contract clauses, affirming that our contractual commitments for Google Workspace and Google Cloud met the requirements to legally frame transfers of personal data from the EU to the third countries that do not provide adequate protection.
Safeguards for International Data Transfers with Google Cloud
Safeguards for International Data Transfers with Google Workspace and Workspace for Education
STANDARDS & CERTIFICATIONS
Our customers and regulators expect independent verification of security, privacy, and compliance controls. Google Workspace and Google Cloud undergo several independent third-party audits on a regular basis to provide this assurance.
ISO/IEC 27001 (Information Security Management)
ISO/IEC 27001 is one of the most widely recognized, internationally accepted independent security standards. Google has earned ISO/IEC 27001 certification for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers that make up our shared
Common Infrastructure
as well as for Google Workspace and Google Cloud products. You can access these certificates via
Compliance reports manager
.
ISO/IEC 27017 (Cloud Security)
ISO/IEC 27017 is an international standard of practice for information security controls based on ISO/IEC 27002, specifically for Cloud Services. Google has been certified compliant with ISO/IEC 27017 for Google Workspace and Google Cloud. You can access these certificates via
Compliance reports manager
.
ISO/IEC 27018 (Cloud Privacy)
ISO/IEC 27018 is an international standard of practice for protection of personally identifiable information (PII) in Public Cloud Services. Google has been certified compliant with ISO/IEC 27018 for Google Workspace and Google Cloud. You can access these certificates via
Compliance reports manager
.
ISO/IEC 27701 (Privacy Information Management)
ISO/IEC 27701 is a global privacy standard that focuses on the collection and processing of personally identifiable information (PII). This standard extends the requirements of ISO/IEC 27001 and ISO/IEC 27002 to include data privacy. We have received accredited ISO/IEC 27701 certification as a PII processor for both Google Workspace and Google Cloud. You can access these certificates via
Compliance reports manager
.
SSAE18/ISAE 3402 (SOC 2/3)
The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) SOC 2 (Service Organization Controls) and SOC 3 audit framework defines Trust Principles and criteria for security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality. Google has both SOC 2 and SOC 3 reports for Google Workspace and Google Cloud. You can access these certificates via
Compliance reports manager
.
Assessing Google Cloud based on Article 28
Article 28 of the GDPR lays out the requirements of a data processor who processes data on behalf of the data controller. See how our terms reflect these requirements.
Expand all
Use of Subprocessors
Google Cloud - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Definitions |
Section 2.1
Data Security |
Section 7.1.2
Data Security |
Section 7.3.1 (b)
Data Transfers |
Section 10.1
Subprocessors |
Section 11
Third-Party Beneficiary |
Section 14
Appendix 2.1–2.5
Google Cloud - EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCC)
SCCs (EU Controller-to-Processor)
| Annex II, Annex III
SCCs (EU Processor-to-Controller)
| N/A
SCCs (EU Processor-to-Processor)
| Annex II, Annex III
SCCs (EU Processor-to-Processor, Google Exporter)
| Annex II, Annex III
SCCs (UK Controller-to-Processor)
| Clause 1, Clause 3.3, Clause 4 (g) and (i), Clause 5 (i) and (j), Clause 6, Clause 8, Clause 11, Clause 12, Appendix 1, Appendix 2.5
Related content:
Google Cloud Subprocessors
Google Workspace - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Definitions |
Section 2.1
Data Security |
Section 7.1.2
Data Security |
Section 7.3.1 (b)
Data Transfers |
Section 10.1
Subprocessors |
Section 11
Third-Party Beneficiary |
Section 14
Security Measures |
Appendix 2.1–2.5
Google Workspace - EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCC)
SCCs (EU Controller-to-Processor)
| Annex II, Annex III
SCCs (EU Processor-to-Controller)
| N/A
SCCs (EU Processor-to-Processor)
| Annex II, Annex III
SCCs (EU Processor-to-Processor, Google Exporter)
| Annex II, Annex III
SCCs (UK Controller-to-Processor)
| Clause 1, Clause 3.3, Clause 4 (g) and (i), Clause 5 (i) and (j), Clause 6, Clause 8, Clause 11, Clause 12, Appendix 1, Appendix 2.5
Related content:
Google Workspace Subprocessors Agreement
General Written Contract
Google Cloud - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Entire Data Processing and Security Terms
Google Workspace - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Entire Data Processing Terms
Processing Under Documented Instructions
Google Cloud - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Processing of Data |
Section 5.2
Google Cloud - EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCC)
SCCs
Google Workspace - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Section 5.2 |
Processing of Data
Google Workspace - EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCC)
Clause 5 (a) and (b) |
Obligations of the Data Importer
Processing Under Confidentiality Obligations
Google Cloud - Google Cloud Terms of Services
Confidential Information |
Section 7
Google Cloud - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Data Security |
Section 7.1.2
Data Security |
Section 7.5.3
Personnel Security |
Appendix 2.4
Google Cloud - EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCC)
Obligations of the Data Importer |
Clause 5
Google Workspace - Google Workspace Agreement
Confidential Information |
Section 6
Google Workspace - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Data Security |
Section 7.1.2
Data Security |
Section 7.5.3
Personnel Security |
Appendix 2.4
Google Workspace - EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCC)
SCCs
Security Measures
Google Cloud - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Data Security |
Section 7
Security Measures |
Appendix 2
Google Cloud - EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCC)
SCCs
Google Workspace - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Data Security |
Section 7
Security Measures |
Appendix 2
Google Workspace - EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCC)
SCCs
Related content:
Google Cloud Security & Compliance Whitepaper
Assistance to Data Controller
Google Cloud - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Impact Assessments and Consultations |
Section 8
Google Workspace - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Impact Assessments and Consultations |
Section 8
Data Deletion and Data Return
Google Cloud - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Data Deletion |
Section 6
Data Subject Rights; Data Export |
Section 9.1
Google Cloud - EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCC)
SCCs
Google Workspace - Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Data Deletion |
Section 6
Data Subject Rights; Data Export |
Section 9.1
Google Workspace - EU Standard Contract Clauses (SCC)
SCCs
Demonstrate Compliance
Google Cloud -
Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Data Security |
Section 7.4
Related content:
Google Cloud Compliance
Google Workspace -
Cloud Data Processing Addendum (CDPA)
Data Security |
Section 7.4
Related content:
Google Cloud Compliance
More from Google Cloud
Products and services
Relevant Whitepapers
Read our whitepapers relevant to Google Cloud customers who are subject to GDPR
Google Workspace Data Protection Implementation Guide
Data Protection in Workspace
Google Workspace For Education Data Protection Implementation Guide
Data Protection in Workspace for Education
Trusting Google Cloud With Your Data
Data Protection in Google Cloud
Safeguards For International Data Transfers With Google Cloud
Cross Border Transfers in Google Cloud
FAQ
Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about Google Cloud and GDPR
Expand all
Does the GDPR require storage of personal data in the EU?
No. Like the
95/46/EC Directive on Data Protection
, the GDPR sets out certain conditions for the transfer of personal data outside of the EU. Such conditions can be met via mechanisms such as standard contract clauses.
How do your terms reflect the GDPR requirements?
For many years, Google Cloud has offered data processing terms that clearly articulate our privacy and security commitment to customers, and we have evolved those terms to reflect the GDPR. Our GDPR-updated terms notably reflect the provisions of Article 28 of the GDPR governing the use of a data processor by a data controller.
Does the GDPR give customers the right to audit Google Cloud?
Under the GDPR, audit rights must be granted to data controllers in their contracts with data processors. Our updated data processing agreements include audit rights for the benefit of customers who are subject to the GDPR.
What role do third-party ISO/IEC 27001, ISO/IEC 27017, ISO/IEC 27018, ISO/IEC 27701 and SOC 2/3 reports play in compliance with the GDPR?
Our third-party ISO/IEC certifications and SOC 2/3 audit reports can be used by customers to help conduct their risk assessments and help them determine whether appropriate technical and organizational measures are in place. Our ISO/IEC 27701 certification provides greater clarity on privacy-related roles and responsibilities, which can facilitate efforts to comply with privacy regulations, including the GDPR.
How does Google Cloud support International Data Transfers in the Cloud?
The GDPR provides for several mechanisms to facilitate transfers of personal data outside of the EU. These mechanisms are aimed at confirming an adequate level of protection or ensuring the implementation of appropriate safeguards when personal data is transferred to a third country.
An adequate level of protection can be confirmed by adequacy decisions such as the ones that support the Japanese
Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI)
and the Swiss Data Protection Act.
Where personal data will be transferred outside of the EU to third countries not covered by adequacy decisions, we commit under our data processing agreements to maintain a mechanism that will facilitate these transfers as required by the GDPR. In 2017, we gained confirmation of compliance from European Data Protection Authorities for our standard contract clauses, affirming that our contractual commitments for Google Workspace and Google Cloud met the requirements to legally frame transfers of personal data from the EU to the third countries that do not provide adequate protection.
Now that Privacy Shield has been invalidated, can I still use Google Cloud and meet GDPR requirements if I handle EU personal data?
While Google will continue to review the impact of the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) case C-311/18 one thing remains unchanged: Google will take appropriate steps to ensure we maintain a high level of privacy protection for EU citizens.
Google Cloud offers Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) to our customers, which will be automatically deemed to apply in the absence of any alternate transfer solution made available by Google. Regardless of the location of the data, data protection remains a priority for Google. See the
Safeguards for International Data Transfers with Google Cloud Whitepaper
for more information.
We are certified against recognised international standards such as
ISO/IEC 27001
,
ISO/IEC 27018
and
ISO/IEC 27017
. The complete listing of Google’s compliance offerings can be found on the
compliance resource center
.
What other information and resources has Google provided on the GDPR?
Refer to Google’s Cloud's
Privacy Resource Center
and Google's
Businesses and Data website
.
Where can I find other European Privacy Resources?
Refer to our
European Compliance offerings
and the Cloud
Privacy Resource Center
.
Disclaimer: The content contained herein is correct as of August 2021 and represents the status quo as of the time it was written. Google’s security policies and systems may change going forward, as we continually improve protection for our customers. When referring to Google Workspace, we also refer to Google Workspace for Education. We are bringing Google Workspace to our education and nonprofit customers in the coming months.
Take the next step
Start building on Google Cloud with $300 in free credits and 20+ always free products.
Get started for free
Need help getting started?
Contact sales
Work with a trusted partner
Find a partner
Continue browsing
See all products
Sub-policy 2
https://www.salesforce.com/eu/campaign/gdpr/:
Skip to content
See Privacy Statement
How we protect our Customer’s data as a Processor
Our cloud services are designed to help customers comply with privacy laws around the world. Discover more about our commitment to protecting customer data as a processor.
Global Privacy Resources for Salesforce Products
Data Processing Addendum
Data Processing Addendum FAQ
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Salesforce's Notice of Data Privacy Framework Certification
Trust and Compliance Documentation
Salesforce Audience Studio Privacy Policy
Salesforce's Notice of APEC CBPR and PRP Certifications
Salesforce's EU Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce's UK Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce Group Affiliates for UK Binding Corporate Rules for Processors
How we protect data as a Controller
We continuously monitor the global privacy landscape and adapt our privacy program accordingly. Discover more about our commitment to compliance with global privacy laws as a controller
Salesforce Candidate Privacy Statement
Salesforce Apps, Add-ins and Extensions Privacy Statement
Contact Information
To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, or email us at
privacy@salesforce.com.
For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below.
Learn more
Important Information
Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices.
Responsible Salesforce Entity
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities act as the controllers of your Personal Data and are responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers. A reference to “Salesforce,” “we,” “us” or the “Company” is a reference to Salesforce, Inc. and its affiliates involved in the processing activity. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here. Please see the "Contacting us" section, below, for our contact information and details of our Data Protection Officer (and in India, our Grievance Officer).
Purposes for which we process Personal Data
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide our websites and social media branded pages;
to display personalized advertisements and content;
to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees);
to send communications;
to handle contact and user support requests;
to provide and optimize the performance of our services;
to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance);
to administer surveys and conduct research; and
to comply with our legal obligations.
For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement.
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data.
Who do we share Personal Data with
We may share Personal Data with various parties, including:
Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;
Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;
If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies;
Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;
Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;
Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; and
Professional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information.
International transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your  country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.
Protection of EU Personal Data One-Pager
Your rights relating to Personal Data
You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement.
Contacting us
To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at tel:1-855-938-3410 or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer)
415 Mission St., 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the
following website
.
Situations
Categories of Personal Data
If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us
Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share
If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar
Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information
If you attend an event
Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video
If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification
Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests
If you interact with our websites or emails
Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies
If you use and interact with our products and services
Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below)
If you communicate with us via a phone call
Information such as your name, voice and any other Personal Data voluntarily share
If you visit our offices
Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research
Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it
If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider)
Contact information, payment and billing information
If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you.
Provision of the services:
The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.
In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.
Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources:
Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and
Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements.
Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises.
Type of Cookies
Description
Managing Settings
Required cookies
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests.
Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often.
We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements.
Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it.
We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click
here
.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
.
Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them.
We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites.
Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request.
We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties.
For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the
Tableau Cookie Policy
and the
Slack Cookie Policy
.
4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors
As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
.
To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
. Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser
In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click
here
). To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites.
While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
4.5 Social Media Features
Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
4.6 Telephony log information
If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers).
Purpose
Description
Legal basis
Providing our websites (including our social media pages)
We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request
Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information
Improving our websites
We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites
Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors
Promoting the security of our websites
We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others
Displaying personalized advertisements and content
We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent
Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalized advertising purposes
Registering visitors
We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons
Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access
Managing event registrations and attendance
Managing event registrations and attendance
We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you
Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons
Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent
Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees
We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees
Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health
Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises
We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises
Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises
Sending communications
We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners
Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes)
Recording phone calls
We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes
If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded
Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users
Handling contact and user support requests
We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you
Providing our services
We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services
Developing and optimizing the performance of the services
We process your Personal Data to
develop, optimize, and improve
the performance of the services
Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject
Providing personalized interactions
We process your Personal Data to customize our interactions with you
Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers
Managing our customer and user accounts
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts
Managing usage and licensing compliance
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers
Preparing internal reports and business modeling
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy)
Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations
Maintaining our security
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others
Managing compensation for employees
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission
Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees
Undertaking financial reporting
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting
Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances
Aggregating data
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying
Our legitimate interest in minimizing the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity
Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions
We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program.
In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer
Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data
Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion
Managing payments
If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Administering surveys and conducting research
We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyze our compliance with internal policies
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope)
Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development
We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members
Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures
Collecting diversity information
We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law)
Complying with legal obligations
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights
Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes
If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.
Requests Submitted
Requests Fulfilled in Whole Or In Part*
Average Days to Respond
Average Days to Complete a Request**
Requests for access to Personal Data
44
32
1
49
Requests to delete Personal Data
210
143
1
29
Requests to correct Personal Data
4
0
1
3
Objections to processing Personal Data
7
4
1
15
Requests to opt-out of Sharing
2,064
2,064
n/A
5
*Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests, the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response.
**Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested.  Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2023.
Contact us
Sub-policy 3
https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#privacy:
blank
blank
blank
blank
blank
Skip to content
Terms & Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Support Policy
Premier Services Policy
Cookie Policy
Security Policy
Subprocessors List
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Academy Terms
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Trademark Usage
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
Terms of Service
Definitions
Intercom Services
Customer Data and Customer Obligations
Security
Third-Party Platforms and Third Party Messaging Apps
Ownership
Subscription Term, Fees & Payment
Term and Termination
Limited Warranty
Availability
Support
Limitation of Remedies and Damages
Indemnification
Confidential Information
Publicity
General Terms
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Purpose and Scope
Personal Data Collected by Intercom
How and Why We Use Your Personal Data
Sharing Your Personal Data
Retention of Your Personal Data
Transfers of Your Personal Data
How We Store and Safeguard Personal Data
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Children’s Privacy
Changes to this Notice and Questions
Collection and Use of Personal Data of California Residents
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Scope
RDH Services
Exhibit A to the RDH Addendum: European Data Hosting
Exhibit B to the RDH Addendum: Australian Data Hosting
Support Policy
Premier Services Policy
Cookie Policy
Introduction
Cookies and similar technologies and the processing of personal data
What are cookies?
Why do we use cookies?
What type of cookies do we use and what are they used for?
Security Policy
Overview
Security Team
Best Practices
Infrastructure
Data
Data Transfer
Authentication
Permissions and Admin Controls
Application Monitoring
Security Audits and Certifications
Customer Responsibilities
Subprocessors List
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms
Permission to Use the Site
User Content
Restrictions on User Content and Your Conduct
Intellectual Property Rights in User Content
User Content You Post Becomes Public
We Are Not Responsible for User Content
Proprietary Rights
Enforcement of Copyrights
Notify Us of Infringers
How to Communicate with Us
Site Availability
Links to Other Sites
Warranty Disclaimer
Limitation of Liability
Indemnity
Termination and Suspension
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
General Terms
Academy Terms
Intercom Academy Terms
Access
Participant Responsibilities
Restrictions on Use
Badges
Ownership
Feedback
Privacy
Suspension and Termination
Disclaimer
Modifications
Independent Contractors
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Our Code Of Conduct
Speak Up
Potential Consequences Of Code Violations
Promote Labor, Employment, And Immigration Compliance
Prevent Harassment And Discrimination
Conflicts Of Interest
Keep Clear And Accurate Financial Records
Business Partner Relationships
Zero-Tolerance For Corruption
Avoid Improper Gifts And Entertainment
Respect Trade Controls
Keep Intercom Secrets Safe
Protect Intercom Assets And Promote Our Solutions
Protect Our Employee And Customer Information
Fair Competition
Use Social Media Responsibly
Promote Sustainability
Protect And Celebrate Our Culture
Trademark Usage
Intercom Marks and License
Permissible Use of the Intercom Marks
Impermissible Use of the Intercom Marks
Termination
Ownership
No Warranties
Your Liability for Third-Party Claims
Additional Legal
Questions
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Summary
Bribery and Kickbacks
Records and Reporting
Applicability and Enforcement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Labor and Employment Laws
Anti Corruption Laws
Competition
International Trade and Export Controls
Recordkeeping, Financial Integrity, and Honest and Accurate Dealings
Intellectual Property and Confidential Information
Raising Issues and Concerns
Certification and Application
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
Effective day
1 November 2024
1. PURPOSE AND SCOPE
1.1 At Intercom, we respect your privacy and data protection rights and recognize the importance of protecting the personal data we collect and process. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you to understand what personal data we collect about you and how we use and share it.
1.2 When we refer to Intercom, we mean Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, a company registered in Ireland with offices at 124 St Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, DC02 C628; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Intercom Software UK Limited, a private limited company registered in the United Kingdom ("
UK
") with offices at Level 9, the Warehouse 207-211 Old St, London, EC1V 9NR UK; Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd, a company registered in Australia with offices at 285A Crown St. Surry Hills NSW 2010, Australia, 1st Floor, Sydney, and Intercom's group companies ("
Intercom
", "
we
", "
us
", "
our
").
1.3 This Privacy Policy applies to you if you:
interact with any of Intercom’s websites (including
www.intercom.com
and
www.intercom.io
) or our social media pages (collectively, the "Sites") ("
website users
");
visit any of Intercom’s premises ("
office visitors
");
attend an Intercom event or an event which Intercom sponsors ("
event attendees
");
use Intercom's communication and messaging products, customer workspaces, mobile applications, and our other applications and services (collectively, the "
Intercom Services
") ("
customers
");
are a marketing prospect, who is anyone whose data Intercom processes for the purposes of assessing customer eligibility ("
marketing prospect
"); or
receive marketing communications from Intercom.
The below Privacy Policy applies to you irrespective of where you are based. There are certain additional parts of the Privacy Policy that will apply to you where you are a resident of the EEA, UK, Switzerland, or California. These additional parts do not apply to everyone.
1.4 For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (or any successor or equivalent legislation in the UK) ("
GDPR
"), either Intercom R&D Unlimited Company or Intercom, Inc., Intercom Software UK Limited, Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd, or any other Intercom group company from time to time, is the controller of your personal data.
2. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED BY INTERCOM
2.1 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND RECEIVE
The personal data that we collect about you broadly falls into the categories set out in the following table. Some of this information you provide voluntarily when you interact with the Intercom Services and Sites, or when you attend an event or visit our premises. Other types of information may be collected automatically from your device, such as device data and service data. From time to time, we may also receive personal data about you from third party sources (as further described in the table).
Registration, contact, and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
avatars;
company name;
your role in your company.
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
browser type;
screen resolution;
IP address;
unique device identifiers.
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the Intercom Services;
how long you spent on a page or screen;
how you interact with our emails;
navigation paths between pages or screens;
date and time;
pages viewed;
links clicked.
Third party source data:
profile information gathered from social networking sites;
information that you have viewed or interacted with our content;
company information;
job titles;
avatars;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
addresses;
approximate geolocation data.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
contact enrichment and lead generation providers; and
targeted online advertising providers
Registration, contact and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
company name;
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Visitation Data
time and date of arrival;
photograph ID;
signature;
CCTV footage.
Registration, contact and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
Visitation Data
time and date of arrival;
photograph ID;
signature;
CCTV footage.
Third party source data:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
The event organizer
Registration and contact information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
browser type and language;
screen resolution;
IP address;
unique device identifiers.
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the services;
how long you spent on a page or screen;
navigation paths between pages or screens;
session date and time;
activity status (including first seen, last seen, last heard from - and last contacted);
pages viewed;
links clicked;
language preferences
tags applied within customer accounts
Intercom assigned user identifier.
Third party source data
profile information gathered from social networking sites;
information that you have viewed or interacted with our content;
company information;
job titles;
avatars;
email addresses;
phone number;
approximate geolocation data.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
Our identity resolution and insight management provider; and
Our geolocation IP intelligence provider
2.2 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some device data, service data and third party source data is collected through the use of first or third party cookies and similar technologies. The Intercom Messenger service (and specifically the domains widget.intercom.io and api-iam.intercom.io) does not collect, retain, or share data regarding a particular user's activity across multiple websites or applications that are not owned by Intercom. Intercom does assign each user a unique user ID within the scope of an individual website, but does not collect or retain IP or any information that would allow Intercom to identify the same particular user on more than one website. For more information, please see Intercom's
Cookie Policy
.
Do Not Track
. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
3. HOW AND WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1 We collect and process your personal data for the following purposes and, if you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), the UK or Switzerland, on the following legal bases:
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to perform our contract with you for use of our Services and Sites and to fulfill our obligations under applicable terms of service. Where we have not entered into a contract with you, we process your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests to operate and administer the Intercom Services and Sites. For example, to create, administer and manage your account.
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
: We may send you service, technical and other administrative messages in reliance on our legitimate interests in administering the Intercom Services. For example, we may send you messages about the availability or security of the Intercom Services. We also process your personal data to respond to your comments and questions and to provide customer care and support. When we have entered into an agreement with you, we process your personal data as necessary to meet our contractual obligations to you.
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to improve and optimize the Intercom Services and Sites and to understand how you use the Intercom Services and Sites, including to monitor usage or traffic patterns and to analyze trends and develop new products, services, features and functionality in reliance on our legitimate interests or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your consent.
Sending marketing communications
: We process your personal data to send you marketing communications via email, post or SMS about our products, services and upcoming events that might interest you in reliance on our legitimate interests or where we seek your consent. Please see the "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section below to learn how you can control your marketing preferences.
Registering office visitors
: We process your personal data for security reasons and for the purpose of hosting your visit to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in protecting our premises and confidential information against unauthorized access and the safety of our staff and office visitors.
Managing event registrations and attendance
: We process your personal data to plan and host events for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you. This processing is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring the successful organization of the event, as well as providing you with relevant information regarding your participation.
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to control unauthorized use or abuse of the Intercom Services and Sites, or otherwise detect, investigate or prevent activities that may violate Intercom policies or applicable laws, in reliance on our legitimate interests to maintain and promote the safety and security of the Intercom Sites and Services.
Displaying personalized advertisements
: We process your personal data to advertise to you and to provide personalized information, including by serving and managing advertisements on our Sites and on third party sites, in reliance on our legitimate interests to support our marketing activities and advertise our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your consent.
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
: including invoicing, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention. This processing is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring efficient business operations and on the necessity to comply with legal obligations.
Complying with legal obligations
: We process your personal data when cooperating or complying with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our obligations under applicable laws and to protect against imminent harm to our rights, property or safety, or that of our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
3.2 In certain circumstances, we may collect your personal data on a different legal basis. If we do, or if we use your personal data for purposes that are not compatible with, or are materially different than, the purposes described in this notice or the point of collection, we will explain how and why we use your personal data in a supplementary notice at or before the point of collection. Where we refer to legal bases in this section we mean the legal grounds on which organizations can rely when processing personal data.
3.3 Please note these legal bases only apply to you if you are resident in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland.
3.4 If you have any questions about our legal bases for processing your personal data, please contact us through our
Privacy Request Form
.
4. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4.1 We may disclose some or all of the personal data we collect to the following third parties:
To Intercom Group Companies:
Intercom Inc.;
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company;
Intercom Software UK Limited;
Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd;
Any such other group companies, as may be added to this list from time to time.
Service Providers:
Consultants and vendors engaged by us to support our provision of the Intercom Services and Sites and the operation of our business;
Any such other Service Providers, as may be added to the
Subprocessor list
, from time to time.
Advertising Partners:
Third party advertising companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your activity on the Intercom Services and other online services over time to serve you online targeted advertisements, including the companies listed in the third-party cookies section of our
Cookie Policy
.
Professional Advisors:
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors and insurers, in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Compliance with Law Enforcement:
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
Business Transfers:
Parties to transactions or potential transactions (and their professional advisors) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business, assets, or equity interests of Intercom Group Companies (including, as part of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
4.2
Aggregated or anonymized information
. We may also share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties for other purposes. Such information does not identify you individually, but may include usage, viewing and technical information such as the websites you generally use, the configuration of your computer, and performance metrics related to the use of websites which we collect through our technology, products and services. If we are required under applicable law to treat such information as personal data, then we will only disclose it as described above. Otherwise, we may disclose such information for any reason.
4.3
Third party websites
. The Sites may also contain links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information processed by us. You should contact the relevant third party websites for more information about how your personal data is processed by them.
5. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5.1 We retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
5.2 Note that content you post may remain on the Sites even if you cease using the Sites or we terminate access to the Sites.
6. TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
6.1 The Intercom Services and Sites, and our messenger domains are provided and hosted in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, we may transfer, and process, your personal data outside of the country in which you are resident to other Intercom Group Companies and our service providers including to, Ireland, the UK, Australia and other such countries as we deem appropriate from time to time. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). We will protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy wherever it is processed.
6.2 Certain recipients (our service providers and other companies) who process your personal data on our behalf may also transfer personal data outside the country in which you are resident. Where such transfers occur, we will make sure that an appropriate transfer agreement is put in place to protect your personal data.
6.3 If you are a resident of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we will protect your personal data when it is transferred outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland by processing it in a territory which the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection for personal data; or otherwise ensuring appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data. For transfers of your personal data to:
Intercom Group Companies based in the US, we rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“
UK-U.S. DPF
”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
;
other Intercom Group Companies based outside of the US, we rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA); and
recipients who are located outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we rely on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK-U.S. DPF or Swiss-U.S. DPF where those recipients are located in the US or for onward transfers from the US, and otherwise we rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA).
6.4 Intercom, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Intercom, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to (i) the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK-U.S. DPF and (ii) the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
6.5 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intercom, Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Intercom through our
Privacy Request Form
.
6.6 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intercom, Inc. commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (“
DPAs
“), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (“
GRA
“) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“
FDPIC
“) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Under certain conditions, it may be possible to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, see
here
for additional information.
Intercom, Inc. remains responsible if its service provider, when acting on its behalf, processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Intercom, Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
7. HOW WE STORE AND SAFEGUARD PERSONAL DATA
We care about protecting personal data. That is why we put in place appropriate measures that are designed to secure your personal data. You can find out more about our technical and organizational safeguards on our Security page:
https://www.intercom.com/security
.
8. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
8.1 Depending on your location and subject to applicable laws, you may have certain data protection rights. If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time.
You can object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data or request portability of your personal data.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the communications we send you. Please note, however, that it may not be possible to opt-out of certain service-related communications. You can let us know at any time if you do not wish to receive marketing messages by contacting us on the Intercom Messenger or by contacting us using the contact details below.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and the UK are available
here
.
8.2 You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request through our
Privacy Request Form
.
8.3 If you are a California resident, you can find information about how we use your personal data and about your privacy rights in
Section 11
of this notice.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Services and Sites are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. Intercom does not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, you may not attempt to register for our Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from someone under the age of 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information promptly. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under 16 and believe that a child has provided us with their personal data, please contact us through our Privacy Request Form.
10. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND QUESTIONS
10.1 We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update it, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. If we make material updates to this Privacy Policy we will update the effective date at the top of the Privacy Policy.
10.2 We have appointed a Data Protection Officer responsible for managing and addressing inquiries related to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the way your personal data is being used or processed by Intercom, please contact us through our Privacy Request Form or by using the Contact Us link in the footer of this page.
11. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
11.1 SCOPE
Except as otherwise provided, this Section 11 applies only if you are a California resident. For purposes of this section, "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act ("
CCPA
"), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("
CPRA
"), and any regulations promulgated under either law, in each case, as amended from time to time.
This Section 11 does not apply to;
information exempted from the scope of the CCPA;
activities governed by a different privacy notice, such as notices we give to California personnel or job candidates; or
Personal Information we collect, use, and share on behalf of our customers as a "
service provider
" under the CCPA.
11.2 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have the following rights:
Right to Information/Know
You can request whether we have collected your Personal Information, and in certain cases, the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, sharing, and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom Personal Information was sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Right to Correction
. You can request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Right to Opt-Out of Tracking for Targeted Advertising Purposes
. While we do not sell Personal Information for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver targeted ads (also known as interest-based ads) to you, as we have described in the “How and Why We Use Your Personal Data” section above. The CCPA classifies our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services, from which you have the right to opt-out.
Right to Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination prohibited by the CCPA.
11.3 HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
Right to Information/Know, Access, Correction, and Deletion
. You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request through our
Privacy Request Form
or by mailing us at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA, Attention: Compliance.
Right to Opt-Out of Tracking for Targeted Advertising Purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by using our
Your Privacy Choices
. Your request to opt-out will apply only to the browser and the device from which you submit the request.
Verification of Identity
. We will need to verify your identity to process your information/know, access, correction, and deletion requests and reserve the right to confirm your California residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into an Intercom online account (if applicable), provide government identification, give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information. These rights are not absolute, and in some instances, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Authorized Agents
. Your authorized agent may make a request on your behalf upon our verification of the agent's identity and our receipt of a copy of the valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to California Probate Code Sections 4000-4465. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, you must provide your agent with written and signed permission to exercise your CCPA rights on your behalf, provide the information we request to verify your identity and provide us with written confirmation that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
11.4 PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE
The table below describes our Personal Information practices by reference to the categories in the “Personal Data Collected by Intercom” section above and the categories described in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140(v)) and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described below. Note that:
We do not “sell” personal information as defined by the CCPA and have not sold Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes that California residents have a right to limit under the CCPA.
CCPA statutory category
Personal Information “PI” we collect in this category
Business/commercial purpose for collection
Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose
Categories of third parties with whom we “share” PI
Identifiers
Registration, contact, and company information
Visitation data
Third party source data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Professional or employment- related data
Registration, contact, and company information
Third party source data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Financial information
Payment information
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Internet or network information
Device data
Service data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Sensory information
Registration, contact, and company information
Visitation data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Inferences
Data derived from the above categories
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
This site uses cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") as strictly necessary for site operation. We and our partners also would like to set additional cookies to enable site performance analytics, functionality, advertising and social media features. See our
Cookie Policy
for details. You can change your cookie preferences in our Cookie Settings.
Reject All
Accept All
Manage your cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/eu-data-protection/:
Skip to main content
Secure Customer Service
Cover your bases
Zendesk takes security very seriously—just ask the number of
Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 companies
that trust us with their data. We use a combination of enterprise-class security features and comprehensive audits of our applications, systems, and networks to ensure that your data is protected, which means every customer can rest easy—our own included.
Security
Privacy
Zendesk AI
Legal
Compliance Certifications and Memberships
Zendesk uses best practices and industry standards to achieve compliance with industry-accepted general security and privacy frameworks, which in turn helps our subscribers meet their own compliance standards.
SOC 2 Type II
We undergo routine audits to receive updated SOC 2 Type II reports, available upon request and under NDA.
Request the latest SOC 2 Type II report
.
ISO 27001:2022
Zendesk is ISO 27001:2022 certified.
Download the certificate
.
ISO 27018:2019
Zendesk is ISO 27018:2019 certified. The certificate is available for download
here
.
ISO 27701:2019
Zendesk is ISO 27701:2019 certified. The certificate is available for download
here
.
ISO 27017:2015
Zendesk is ISO 27017:2015 certified. The certificate is available for download
here
.
FedRAMP LI-SaaS
Zendesk is FedRAMP authorized with Low Impact Software-as-a-Service (LI-SaaS) and is listed in the
FedRAMP Marketplace
. US Government agency subscribers can request access to the Zendesk FedRAMP Security Package by
completing a Package Access Request Form
or submitting a request to
fedramp@zendesk.com
.
PCI-DSS
For more information on
automatically redacting credit card numbers
or
adding a credit card identification field
HIPAA
For more information on our HIPAA program and our BAA
HDS
For more information on our HDS program
McAfee Cloud Trust - McAfee Enterprise Ready
Zendesk received the
McAfee CloudTrust Program
.  The program presents the McAfee Enterprise-Ready seal to only those services that have the highest CloudTrust™ rating possible. These are among the services that have earned McAfee's CloudTrust™ and a rating of McAfee Enterprise-Ready based on their attributes across the data, user and device, security, business, and legal evaluation categories.
Cloud Security Alliance (CSA)
Zendesk is a member of the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA), a not-for-profit organization with a mission to promote the use of best practices for providing security assurance within Cloud Computing. CSA has launched the Security, Trust & Assurance Registry (STAR), a publicly accessible registry that documents the security controls provided by various cloud computing offerings. Zendesk completed a publicly available Consensus Assessment Initiative (CAI) Questionnaire, based on the results of our due diligence self-assessment.
The CSA CAIQ is available
here
.
IT-ISAC
Zendesk is a member of
IT-ISAC
, a group focused on bringing together a diverse set of private sector companies to leverage evolving technology and have a common commitment to security. IT-ISAC enables collaboration and sharing of relevant, actionable threat intelligence information and practices. They moderate special interest groups that focus on Intelligence, Insider Threat, Physical Security, and other specific areas to help further our mission of securing Zendesk.
FIRST
Zendesk is a member of
FIRST
, an international confederation of incident response teams that cooperatively handles computer security incidents and promotes incident prevention programs. FIRST members develop and share technical information, tools, methodologies, processes and best practices. As a member of FIRST, Zendesk Security works with other members to use their combined knowledge, skills, and experience to promote a safer and more secure global electronic environment.
Financial Services Qualifications System (FSQS)
Zendesk has satisfied all requirements (Stage 1 and Stage 2) to become fully registered on the FSQS (Financial Services Qualification System) supplier qualification system, as set out by participating buying organisations. Request the latest FSQS Certificate
here
.
More details about FSQS
https://hellios.com/fsqs/
.
Artifacts
We can provide additional resources upon request.
ISO 27001:2022 certificates
ISO 27018:2019 certificate
ISO 27701:2019 certificate
ISO 27017:2015 certificate
SOC 3 Report
Datasheet / White Paper
Network Architecture Diagrams
Support/Guide
Chat
Talk
CSA CAIQ
Risk Ledger
FSQS (Financial Services Qualification System)
SIG Lite
VSA
HECVAT Lite
Get resources
The following resources may require an NDA on file. Click the button to gain access.
Certificate of Insurance
SOC 2 Type II Report
Annual Penetration Test Summary
Get resources
Cloud Security
Facilities
Zendesk hosts Service Data primarily in AWS data centers that have been certified as ISO 27001, PCI DSS Service Provider Level 1, and/or SOC 2 compliant.
Learn about Compliance at AWS
.
AWS infrastructure services include backup power, HVAC systems, and fire suppression equipment to help protect servers and ultimately your data.
Learn about Data Center Controls at AWS
.
On-Site Security
AWS on-site security includes features such as security guards, fencing, security feeds, intrusion detection technology, and other security measures.
Learn about AWS physical security
.
Data Hosting Location
Zendesk leverages AWS data centers in the United States, Europe, and Asia Pacific.
Learn about Data Hosting Locations for your Zendesk Service Data
.
Zendesk offers multiple data locality choices including the United States (US), Australia (AU), Japan (JP), or European Economic Area (EEA). For more information on product, plan, and regional offerings please see our
Regional Data Hosting Policy
.
Zendesk minimizes risks associated with third-party vendors by performing security reviews on all vendors with any level of access to our systems or Service Data.
Dedicated Security Team
Our globally distributed Security Team is on call 24/7 to respond to security alerts and events.
Protection
Our network is protected through the use of key AWS security services, integration with our Cloudflare edge protection networks, regular audits, and network intelligence technologies, which monitor and/or block known malicious traffic and network attacks.
Architecture
Our network security architecture consists of multiple security zones. More sensitive systems like database servers are protected in our most trusted zones. Other systems are housed in zones commensurate with their sensitivity, depending on function, information classification, and risk. Depending on the zone, additional security monitoring and access controls will apply. DMZs are utilized between the Internet, and internally between the different zones of trust.
Network Vulnerability Scanning
Network security scanning gives us deep insight for quick identification of out-of-compliance or potentially vulnerable systems.
Third-Party Penetration Tests
In addition to our extensive internal scanning and testing program, each year Zendesk employs third-party security experts to perform a broad penetration test across the Zendesk Production and Corporate Networks.
Security Incident Event Management
Our Security Incident Event Management (SIEM) system gathers extensive logs from important network devices and host systems. The SIEM alerts on triggers that notify the Security team based on correlated events for investigation and response.
Intrusion Detection and Prevention
Service ingress and egress points are instrumented and monitored to detect anomalous behavior. These systems are configured to generate alerts when incidents and values exceed predetermined thresholds and use regularly updated signatures based on new threats. This includes 24/7 system monitoring.
Threat Intelligence Program
Zendesk participates in several threat intelligence sharing programs. We monitor threats posted to these threat intelligence networks and take action based on risk.
DDoS Mitigation
Zendesk has architected a multi-layer approach to DDoS mitigation. A core technology partnership with Cloudflare provides network edge defenses, while the use of AWS scaling and protection tools provides deeper protection along with our use of AWS DDoS specific services.
Logical Access
Access to the Zendesk Production Network is restricted on an explicit need-to-know basis, utilizes least privilege, is frequently audited and monitored, and is controlled by our Operations Team. Employees accessing the Zendesk Production Network are required to use multiple factors of authentication.
Security Incident Response
In case of a system alert, events are escalated to our 24/7 teams providing Operations, Network Engineering, and Security coverage. Employees are trained on security incident response processes, including communication channels and escalation paths.
Encryption in Transit
All communications with Zendesk UI and APIs are encrypted via industry standard HTTPS/TLS (TLS 1.2 or higher) over public networks. This ensures that all traffic between you and Zendesk is secure during transit. Additionally for email, our product leverages opportunistic TLS by default. Transport Layer Security (TLS) encrypts and delivers email securely, mitigating eavesdropping between mail servers where peer services support this protocol. Exceptions for encryption may include any use of in-product SMS functionality, any other third-party app, integration, or service subscribers may choose to leverage at their own discretion.
Encryption at Rest
Service Data is encrypted at rest in AWS using AES-256 key encryption.
Uptime
Zendesk maintains a publicly available
system-status webpage
, which includes system availability details, scheduled maintenance, service incident history, and relevant security events.
Redundancy
Zendesk employs service clustering and network redundancies to eliminate single points of failure. Our strict backup regime and/or our
Enhanced Disaster Recovery
service offering allows us to deliver a high level of service availability, as Service Data is replicated across availability zones.
Disaster Recovery
Our
Disaster Recovery (DR) program
ensures that our services remain available and are easily recoverable in the case of a disaster.
This is accomplished through building a robust technical environment, creating Disaster Recovery plans, and testing
activities
.
Enhanced Disaster Recovery
Our
Enhanced Disaster Recovery
package adds contractual objectives for Recovery Time Objective (RTO) and Recovery Point Objective (RPO). These are supported through our capability to prioritize operations of Enhanced Disaster Recovery subscribers during any declared disaster event.
Get more information on Disaster Recovery Guarantees.
Application Security
Secure Code Training
Annual secure code training for all engineers, based on OWASP Top 10 security risks.
Framework Security Controls
Zendesk leverages modern and secure open-source frameworks with security controls to limit exposure to OWASP Top 10 security risks. These inherent controls reduce our exposure to SQL Injection (SQLi), Cross Site Scripting (XSS), and Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF), among others.
Quality Assurance
Our Quality Assurance (QA) department reviews and tests our code base. Dedicated application security engineers on staff identify, test, and triage security vulnerabilities in code.
Separate Environments
Testing and staging environments are logically separated from the Production environment. No Service Data is used in our development or test environments.
Dynamic Vulnerability Scanning
We employ third-party security tooling to continuously and dynamically scan our core applications against common web application security risks, including, but not limited to the OWASP Top 10 security risks. We maintain a dedicated in-house product security team to test and work with engineering teams to remediate any discovered issues.
Software Composition Analysis
We scan the libraries and dependencies used in our products to identify vulnerabilities and ensure the vulnerabilities are managed.
Third-Party Penetration Testing
In addition to our extensive internal scanning and testing program, Zendesk employs third-party security experts to perform detailed penetration tests on different applications within our family of products.
Responsible Disclosure / Bug Bounty Program
Our
Responsible Disclosure Program
gives security researchers as well as subscribers an avenue for safely testing and notifying Zendesk of security vulnerabilities through our partnership with
HackerOne
.
Product Security
Authentication Options
Zendesk has several different authentication options: subscribers can enable native Zendesk authentication, social media Single sign-on (SSO) (Facebook, Twitter, Google), and/or Enterprise SSO (SAML, JWT) for end-user and/or agent authentication.
Learn about user access
.
Configurable Password Policy
Zendesk native authentication for products available through the
Admin Center
provides the following levels of password security: low, medium, and high, as well as set custom password rules for agents and admins. Zendesk also allows different password security levels to apply to end users vs. agents and admins. Only admins can change the password security level.
Learn about configurable password policies
.
2-Factor Authentication (2FA)
Zendesk native authentication for products available through the
Admin Center
offers 2-factor (2FA) for agents and admins via SMS or an authenticator app.
Learn about 2FA
.
Service Credential Storage
Zendesk follows secure credential storage best practices by never storing passwords in human-readable format, and only as the result of a secure, salted, one-way hash.
Advanced Data Privacy and Protection
For businesses that need a higher level of data privacy and security, Zendesk offers the
Advanced Data Privacy and Protection add-on
. The add-on includes capabilities for BYOK encryption, customizable data retention policies, data masking, PII redaction, and access logs.
Role-Based Access Controls
Access to data within Zendesk applications is governed by role-based access control (RBAC) and can be configured to define granular access privileges. Zendesk supports various permission levels for users (owner, admin, agent, end-user, etc.).
Learn about user roles:
Support Default Roles
Support Custom Roles *Enterprise only
Chat Default Roles
Chat Custom Roles *Enterprise only
Explore Default Roles
Guide Default Roles
Talk Default Roles
Session Time
Details on global security and user access
IP Restrictions
Any Zendesk account can restrict access to their Zendesk Support to users within a specific range of IP addresses. Only users from the allowed IP addresses will be able to sign in to your Zendesk account. You can allow subscribers (not agents or admins) to bypass this restriction. For more information, see
Restricting access to Zendesk Support and your Help Center using IP restrictions
and
Using IP Access Restriction in Chat
.
Hosted Encryption Certificates for Help Center (TLS)
Zendesk provides free TLS encryption for host-mapped Guide help centers. Zendesk uses Let’s Encrypt to request certificates and automatically renews the certificate before it expires.
You can also upload your own certificate, if you choose.
To learn more about setting up encryption certificates for a Guide help center please see
Setting up a hosted TLS encryption certificate
.
File Restrictions in Chat
Zendesk Chat allows the ability to restrict what file types are sent to agents. Alternatively, you can choose to turn off file sending entirely in the Chat product. To learn about this feature, see
Managing file sending in live chat
.
Audit Logs
Zendesk offers Audit Logs to accounts with Enterprise/Enterprise Plus plans. These logs include account changes, user changes, app changes, business rules, ticket deletions, and settings. The Audit Log is available in both the
Admin Center
and
Support API
. To learn more about Audit Logs and see what information is available within the log please see
Viewing the audit log for changes
.
Private Attachments
Subscribers can configure their instance so that users are required to sign in to view ticket attachments.
Learn about Private Attachments
.
Redaction
Zendesk has two types of redaction for removing sensitive data: Manual redaction provides the ability to redact or remove sensitive data in Support ticket comments, and securely delete attachments, so you can protect confidential information. The data is redacted from tickets via the UI or API to prevent sensitive information from being stored in Zendesk. Learn about redaction via the
UI
or
API
.
Automatic redaction allows for automatic redaction of credit card numbers from subscriber-submitted tickets. When enabled, credit card numbers are partially replaced with blank boxes in the ticket. They are also redacted from logs and database entries. To learn more about how to enable this feature and how credit card numbers are identified, see
Automatically redacting credit card numbers from tickets
and from
chats
.
Spam Filter for Guide help center
Zendesk’s spam filtering service can be used to prevent end-user spam posts from being published in your Guide help center.
Learn about filtering spam in Guide
.
Email Signing (DKIM/DMARC)
Zendesk offers
DKIM
(Domain Keys Identified Mail) and
DMARC
(Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, & Conformance) for signing outbound emails from Zendesk when you have to set up an external email domain on your Zendesk. Using an email service that supports these features helps you stop email spoofing.
Learn about digitally signing your email
.
Device Tracking
Zendesk tracks the devices used to sign in to each user account. When someone signs into an account from a new device, it is added to the device list in that user's profile. That user can get an email notification when a new device is added, and should follow up if the activity seems suspicious. Suspicious sessions can be terminated through the agent UI.
Learn about device tracking
.
HR Security
Policies
Zendesk has developed a comprehensive set of security policies covering a range of topics. These policies are shared with and made available to all employees and contractors with access to Zendesk information assets.
Training
All employees attend a Security Awareness Training, which is given upon hire and annually thereafter. All engineers receive annual Secure Code Training. The Security team provides additional security awareness updates via email, blog posts, and in presentations during internal events.
Background Checks
Zendesk performs background checks on all new employees in accordance with local laws. These checks are also required for contractors. The background check includes criminal, education, and employment verification. Cleaning crews are included.
Confidentiality Agreements
All new hires are required to sign Non-Disclosure and Confidentiality agreements.
Welcome to the Zendesk Global Privacy Program
Zendesk has a formal global privacy and data protection program, which includes cross-functional key stakeholders including Legal, Security, Product, and Executive sectors of the company. As privacy advocates, we work diligently to ensure our Services and team members are dedicated to compliance with applicable regulatory and industry frameworks.
Compliance
The Australian Privacy Act of 1998 (as amended) provides several data subject rights and added mandatory notification of eligible data breaches. Unlike the GDPR, there are no concepts of data controller and data processor.
https://www.zendesk.com/company/anz-privacy/
The Brazilian General Data Protection Law or Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”), was entered into effect on September 18, 2020. LGPD is a comprehensive data protection law which covers the activities of data controllers and processors and provides individual rights.
Zendesk subscribers that collect and store personal data in Zendesk Services may be considered “controllers” under the LGPD. Controllers bear the primary responsibility for ensuring that their processing of personal data is compliant with relevant data protection law, including the LGPD. Zendesk acts as a “processor,” as such term is defined in the LGPD, with respect to the processing of personal data through our Services.
Subscribers can view our
Product Guides
and
Service Data Deletion Policy
for more detailed information on how to use Zendesk’s products to align with compliance initiatives.The National Authority for Protection Data (“ANPD”) may issue additional guidance for the LGPD in the future. Zendesk will continue to actively track the law and we will continue to keep our subscribers updated on features and functionality they can use to support their compliance efforts.
Zendesk’s LGPD Addendum has been incorporated into Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement. If you would like to review and/or execute Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement, please
click here.
The
California Consumer Privacy Act
, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (“CCPA”) is a U.S. law enacted in the State of California, which went into force on January 1, 2020. It expands upon the privacy rights available to certain California consumers, and requires certain companies to comply with various data protection requirements. Please also visit the final
CCPA Regulations
and the
California Privacy Rights Act
(“CPRA”). A few CPRA provisions went into effect on December 16, 2020, with the remaining provisions of the CPRA becoming operative on January 1, 2023.
Zendesk subscribers that collect and store personal information in Zendesk Services may be considered “Businesses” under the CCPA. Businesses bear the primary responsibility for ensuring that their processing of personal data is compliant with relevant data protection law, including the CCPA. Zendesk acts as a “Service Provider,” as such term is defined in the current version of the CCPA, with respect to the processing of personal information through our Services. Therefore, Zendesk collects, accesses, maintains, uses, processes, and transfers the personal information of our subscribers and our subscriber’s end-users processed through the Services solely for the purpose of performing our obligations under our existing contract(s) with our subscribers; and for no commercial purpose other than the performance of such obligations and improvement of the Services we provide.
We do not “sell” our subscriber’s personal information as defined under the CCPA. We may share aggregated and/or anonymized information regarding use of the Service(s), which is not considered personal information under the CCPA, with third parties to help us develop and improve the Services and provide our subscribers with more relevant content and service offerings as detailed in our subscriber agreements.
Zendesk’s CCPA Addendum has been incorporated into Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement. If you would like to review and/or execute Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement, please
click here.
If you would like to review and/or execute Zendesk’s US State Addendum to the Main Services Agreement, please
click here
.
Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act went into effect in 2000 and is focused around ten fair information principles, which form the rules for collection, use, access, and disclosure of personal information. In October of 2021, the International Technology Association of Canada and Information Technology Industry Council suggested changes to PIPEDA to provide greater privacy and transparency rights for Canadian citizens.
You can review and/or execute Zendesk’s DPA
here
. The Zendesk DPA covers the specific processing activities and security measures applicable to our Services and incorporates the new EU Standard Contractual Clauses (“EU SCCs”).
Subscribers can read our
Product Guides
and
Service Data Deletion Policy
for detailed information on how to use Zendesk’s products to assist in compliance with data protection and privacy laws.
Since our inception, Zendesk’s approach has been anchored by a strong commitment to privacy, security, compliance, and transparency. This approach includes supporting our subscribers’ compliance with EU data protection requirements, such as those set out in the
General Data Protection Regulation
(“GDPR”).
If a subscriber collects, transmits, hosts, or analyzes personal data of EU citizens, GDPR requires the subscriber to use third-party data processors who guarantee their ability to implement the technical and organizational requirements of the GDPR. To further earn our subscribers’ trust, our Data Processing Agreement (“DPA”) has been updated to provide our customers with contractual commitments regarding our compliance with applicable EU data protection law and to implement additional contractual provisions required by the GDPR.
Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs)
: Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) are company-wide data protection policies approved by European data protection authorities to facilitate intra-group transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to countries outside the EEA. BCRs are based on strict privacy principles established by European Union data protection authorities and require intensive consultation with those authorities. Subscribers can find the full list of approved entities on the Binding Corporate Rules Approved List
here
. In 2017 Zendesk completed the EU approval process with the Irish Data Protection Commissioner (“DPC”) (peer reviewed by both the UK Information Commissioner’s Office and the Dutch Data Protection Authority) BCRs as processor and as a controller. This significant regulatory approval validated Zendesk’s implementation of the highest possible standards for protecting personal data globally, covering both the personal data of its customers and its employees. Zendesk is one of the first software companies in the world to have received approval for its BCRs; and was the second company ever to receive approval from the Irish DPC.
To access Zendesk’s EU BCRs, please visit:
Zendesk’s Processor EU Binding Corporate Rules
Zendesk’s Controller EU Binding Corporate Rules
To access Zendesk's UK BCRs, please visit:
Zendesk’s Processor UK Binding Corporate Rules
Zendesk’s Controller UK Binding Corporate Rules
Data Subject Requests
: An individual who seeks to exercise their data protection rights in respect of personal data stored or processed by us on behalf of a subscriber of ours within the subscriber’s Service Data (including to seek access to, or to correct, amend, delete, port, or restrict processing of such personal data) should direct such query to our subscriber (the data controller). Upon receipt of a request from one of our subscribers to remove personal data from Zendesk, we will respond to such request within thirty (30) days. We will retain personal data that we process and store on behalf of our subscribers for as long as needed to provide the Services to our subscribers.
Data Protection Officer
: Zendesk’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) can be reached at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
.
HDS enables healthcare providers in France to use Zendesk’s customer service and engagement platform with confidence that our platform has appropriate technical and governance measures in place to secure and protect personal health information (PHI). Additional information is available
here
.
The New Zealand Privacy Act in 2020 commenced on December 1, 2020, applies to agencies and maintains the principle-based framework of the 1993 Act. The 2020 Act states that organisations are responsible for ensuring that personal information sent outside of New Zealand is adequately protected and added mandatory breach notification requirements.
https://www.zendesk.com/company/anz-privacy/
The Personal Data Protection Act of Singapore establishes data protection laws that govern the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Data as of July 2, 2014. Zendesk is a recognized Infocomm Development Authority of Singapore (IDA) Data Intermediary as a Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) Service Provider. Additional information is available
here
.
The United Kingdom withdrew from the European Union on 31 January 2020. On 28 June 2021, the European Commission adopted
adequacy decisions
for transfers of personal data to the United Kingdom under GDPR.
To achieve a HIPAA-Enabled Account, you will need to (1) purchase the Advanced Security Deployed Associated Service or Advanced Compliance Deployed Associated Service Add-On; (2) enable a set of security configurations as outlined by Zendesk; and (3) execute our
Business Associate Agreement
(“BAA”). For more details, including a list of which Services can be HIPAA-enabled, please see
Advanced Compliance
.
Subscriber Service Data Details
Service Data is any information, including personal data, which is stored in or transmitted via the Zendesk Services by, or on behalf of, our subscribers and their end-users. We use Service Data to operate and improve our Services, help customers access and use the Services, respond to subscriber inquiries, and send communications related to the Services.
Access
: Zendesk provides an advanced set of access and encryption features to help customers effectively protect their information. We do not access or use customer content for any purpose other than providing, maintaining, and improving the Zendesk services and as otherwise required by law. See
here
for additional information.
Data Hosting
: Zendesk uses Amazon Web Services to host Service Data as described
here
and in the
Regional Data Hosting Policy
. For additional information, please also see the
Security section
.
Default Data Types Collected by the Service
: Zendesk has created a
list of data points
, categorized by product. For the full picture of data types, subscribers can use this list in conjunction with their specific intended use case and resultant data types.
Legal or Government Requests
: Privacy, data security, and subscriber trust are our top priorities. Zendesk does not disclose Service Data, except as necessary to provide our Services and to comply with applicable laws, as detailed in our
Privacy Notice
. To assist our subscribers in performing compliance reviews, we have additional resources:
Transparency Report
and
Government Request Policy
.
Ownership
: From a privacy perspective, the subscriber is the controller of Service Data and Zendesk is a processor. This means that throughout the time that you subscribe to services with Zendesk, you retain ownership of and control over Service Data in your Zendesk instance.
Replication
: Zendesk periodically replicates data for purposes of archival, backup, and audit logs. We use Amazon Web Services (AWS) to store some of the information that is backed up, such as database information and attachment files. Please see our
Regional Data Hosting Policy
for further details.
Security
: Zendesk prioritizes data security and combines enterprise-class security features with comprehensive audits of our applications, systems, and networks to ensure subscriber and business data is protected. See additional information
here
.
Security Incidents
: For more information about security incident management see our
Security Incident Response
.
Sub-processors
: Zendesk may use sub-processors, including affiliates of Zendesk, as well as third-party companies, to provide, secure, or improve the Services, and such sub-processors may have access to Service Data. Our
Sub-processors policy
provides an up-to-date list of the names and locations of all sub-processors.
Termination
: Zendesk maintains a
Service Data Deletion Policy
that describes Zendesk’s data deletion processes upon subscriber’s termination or expiration of the Zendesk subscription.
Privacy Related Policies
Cookie Policy
Detailed information about how and when we use cookies on Zendesk websites.
In-Product Cookie Policy
Provides information about how and when Zendesk uses cookies within the Zendesk Services.
Service Data Deletion Policy
How our Subscribers’ Service Data is deleted in connection with the cancellation, termination, or migration of an Account within the Zendesk Services.
Shared Responsibility Model
This framework clarifies which party is responsible for which controls related to the security and privacy of your data.
Application Features Related to Privacy
Zendesk has tools for each of its products to assist with user requests and other obligations under applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, such as data access, correction, portability, deletion, and objection. To learn about the features and functionality in each Zendesk product, please see
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection in Zendesk products
.
Zendesk provides an advanced set of access and encryption features to help subscribers effectively protect their information. We do not access or use subscriber data for any purpose other than providing, maintaining, and improving the Zendesk Services and as otherwise required by applicable law. Additional information is available
here
.
Zendesk has achieved a number of internationally recognized certifications and accreditations demonstrating compliance with third-party assurance frameworks. Security certifications are described
here
.
Subscribers who purchase the
Data Center Location Deployed Associated Service
(“Data Center Location Add-on”), or have the Data Center Location functionality in their Service Plan, have the ability to select the region that will host their Service Data from a list of Zendesk available regions.
Zendesk has a robust global privacy and data protection program, which takes a unified approach to privacy and information governance to give customers flexibility to manage personal data that lives within Zendesk’s systems. For details, see our product guides:
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection in Zendesk Products
.
Zendesk has two types of redaction for removing sensitive data:
Manual redaction provides the ability to redact or remove sensitive data in Support ticket comments, and securely delete attachments so that you can protect confidential information. The data is redacted from tickets via the UI or API to prevent sensitive information from being stored in Zendesk.
Learn more about redaction via the UI or API
.
Automatic redaction allows for automatic redaction of credit card numbers from Agent- or End-User-submitted tickets. When enabled, credit card numbers are partially replaced with blank boxes in the ticket. The numbers are also redacted from logs and database entries.
Learn how to enable this feature and how the credit card numbers are identified
.
Zendesk AI
Zendesk AI is built based on the core principles of privacy, security, and compliance, by design. Our commitment to providing businesses with secure, trusted products and solutions is embedded in our DNA. As part of this, Zendesk leverages a set of
design principles
that not only set the standard for how we design, develop and build everything we do, but set a clear foundation for our use of AI for customer experiences (CX and employee experience (EX)).
Service Data processed by Zendesk AI is subject to all security standards and commitments, including compliance with Zendesk’s robust
Enterprise Security Measures
, and storage within Zendesk’s
SOC 2-compliant environment
. Service Data will not be shared with any other customer.
Generative AI features are currently powered by OpenAI. OpenAI deletes all data after producing the output, without any storage. OpenAI data security practices are available
here
.
All models developed by Zendesk are classification models – this means they are trained to read and classify inputs into one of a set number of categories created by Zendesk. Because these models are not generative, no content is produced by the model, and
it is not possible for data to be reproduced by the model
.
Does Zendesk use customer Service Data to train machine learning models?
Zendesk offers three types of machine learning functionality:
1. Account-specific ML functionality:
Zendesk creates machine learning models tailored to a customer’s account using only data existing in the account. Account-specific models will not be used by any other customer.
2. Generic ML functionality:
Zendesk uses Service Data to train its generic, cross-account machine learning models to be predictive and useful to multiple Zendesk customers. These include global and industry models. These models will never disclose one customer’s Service Data to another customer, because they are not “generative” (i.e., they do not create text).
3. Generative ML functionality supported by OpenAI:
OpenAI models are pre-trained and Zendesk customer data will never be used by OpenAI (or any other third party) to train their model(s).
How does Zendesk protect Service Data when used for model training?
Before Service Data is used to train generic ML functionality, Zendesk applies aggregation and sanitation processes, as necessary. No fields designed to intake personal data or ticket attachments are used for model training.
Zendesk is committed to ensuring that no Service Data will be reproduced by the model.
There is no risk that one customer’s data will be exposed to another customer through the model’s output. See
AI Data Use Information
.
Hallucinations are an intrinsic risk for generative AI features. Zendesk does two things to mitigate this risk:
Zendesk utilizes the Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) technique to ensure that generated replies or search results are grounded in specific knowledge base content
Zendesk development team regularly inspects replies with negative end user feedback for hallucinations to develop tools that can automatically detect and prevent such scenarios.
All Service Data is hosted in Zendesk’s existing
AWS regions
. For sub-processor hosting locations, please see the
Zendesk Sub-processor Policy
Use of Zendesk AI does not impact any Subscriber data locality commitments, including those available in the
Data Center Location Add-on
. Service Data of eligible Subscribers will continue to be hosted in the selected region.
Note: Zendesk WFM (Tymeshift), Zendesk QA (Klaus), and Ultimate Service Data are hosted in Google Cloud Platform in the regions provided below:
US, Germany
Germany
US, Belgium
All Zendesk products and features are designed with privacy in-mind, and the Zendesk AI is no different.
Subscribers are able to
comply
with various privacy laws (including GDPR and CCPA) when using Zendesk, including Zendesk AI features.
The Zendesk AI is eligible for coverage under
Zendesk’s Business Associate Agreement (BAA)
.
Subscribers interested in executing a BAA with Zendesk must have access to the
Advanced Compliance Add-on
.
Data Security
OpenAI data security practices are available
here
.
Model Security
Zendesk uses pre-trained OpenAI models, and Service Data will never be used by OpenAI for any purpose other than to provide and secure its service to Subscriber. Once the output is delivered, the Service Data is deleted.
Model Training
OpenAI will never use Service Data for model training or any other form of service improvement.
Data Hosting and Locality
OpenAI supports data processing locality in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland for eligible customers. However, please note that OpenAI does not store or host Service Data, which is only processed in memory to deliver the output.
Data Privacy
Zendesk uses OpenAI’s ‘Zero Data Retention’ policy so that no Service Data is stored or hosted by OpenAI after the output has been delivered. As a result, using OpenAI does not impact Subscribers’ ability to
comply
with various privacy laws (including GDPR and CCPA) when using Zendesk.
All OpenAI features within Zendesk are optional. Subscribers who do not wish to use these features do not have to turn them on, and are always able to disable the features through the Admin Center.
HIPAA
Select OpenAI-powered features are available for use with HIPAA-enabled accounts. Please see the
Advanced Compliance
page for more information.
You can learn more about Ultimate’s AI agent Security & Privacy
here
.
Legal
Our agreements and policies provide our subscribers transparency and detailed information about Zendesk’s Services, which in turn support our subscribers in meeting their own legal and compliance standards.
Zendesk offers several data processing agreements and other addenda to support subscribers’ compliance with data privacy laws, available for execution
here
. These include:
Data Processing Agreement
(DPA)
United States HIPAA Business Associate Agreement
(BAA)
Main Services Agreement
(MSA)
US State Addendum
Accessibility Policy
Subscribers can leverage our Voluntary Product Accessibility Template in making their preliminary assessments.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The minimum standards that we expect from our directors, officers, employees and contingent workers in the conduct of our business.
Cookie Policy
Detailed information about how and when we use cookies on Zendesk websites.
In-Product Cookie Policy
Provides information about how and when Zendesk uses cookies within the Zendesk Services.
Copyright Infringement Notice & Takedown Policy
How Zendesk handles notifications of infringement.
Data Deletion Policy
How our Subscribers’ Service Data is deleted in connection with the cancellation, termination, or migration of an Account within the Zendesk Services.
Legal or Government Request Policy
Addresses Zendesk’s procedure for responding to a request received from a law enforcement or other government authority.
Privacy Notice
Describes how Zendesk collects, uses, shares, and secures personal data.
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Where Zendesk Service Data can be hosted if a Subscriber purchases or enables the Data Center Location Add-On.
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Programs for security researchers to report discoveries of security vulnerability in the Zendesk Services.
Additional Zendesk policies are available
here
.
Transparency Report
Disclosure of Service Data
: Zendesk only discloses Service Data to third parties where disclosure is necessary to provide or improve the services or as required to respond to lawful requests from public authorities. Please see our
Government Data Request Policy
as well as the
Zendesk Transparency Report
.
This could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship
Sign up for a trial
Take a tour
We use cookies to provide visitors with the best possible experience on our website. These include analytics, functionality, and targeting cookies, which may also be used in our marketing efforts. Click the 'Accept All' button to agree to the use of cookies or click 'Cookie Settings' to manage your preferences. To opt out of non-essential cookies, click 'Reject All'.
Cookie Notice
Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all
Privacy Preference Center
Zendesk uses web cookies to collect information about you when you visit our Site. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. At Zendesk, we may use this information for purposes that include ensuring basic functionality of our Sites; remembering user preferences, including your cookie preferences; measuring the effectiveness of our Sites, marketing campaigns, and email communications; and personalizing online content.
Please review the different category headings below to learn more and adjust the cookie settings on your current device. Please note that you will need to ensure that each web browser is adjusted to reflect your preferences if you use different computers or mobile devices.
For more information about how Zendesk uses web cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
Essential cookies enable core site functionality. These cookies are necessary for the Site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You may set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but parts of the website may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enable the Site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our Site.
View Vendor Details‎
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site. These cookies help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Site.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Targeting cookies, such as social media cookies, may be set through our Site by our advertising service providers, third-party advertisers, ad networks, or data exchange partners. These cookies may be used to show you relevant advertising on other third-party sites.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 5
https://www.mailgun.com/gdpr:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailjet
Email on Acid
About
About
Company
Partners
Careers
Blog
Blog
Help
Help
Contact Support
Help Center
Documentation
SDKs
Status
Security Portal
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Send icon
Send
Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails
Bar line chart icon
Optimize
Tools and services to improve your email deliverability
Shield badge check icon
Validate
Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload
Products
Send icon
Send
Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails
Bar line chart icon
Optimize
Tools and services to improve your email deliverability
Shield badge check icon
Validate
Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload
Solutions
Suitcase icon
By industry
Businesses that love us
Martech
Fintech
Healthcare
Email icon
By use case
What they use us for
Transactional Email Platform
Email Deliverability Services
Email Reputation Services
Blocklist Monitoring Services
Email Testing Services
Window stack icon
By feature
Their favorite email tools
Send Email API
SMTP Relay
Email Validation API
Email List Validation
Email Template Builder
Email Inbox Placement
Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider.
Read More
Solutions
Suitcase icon
By industry
Businesses that love us
Martech
Fintech
Healthcare
Email icon
By use case
What they use us for
Transactional Email Platform
Email Deliverability Services
Email Reputation Services
Blocklist Monitoring Services
Email Testing Services
Window stack icon
By feature
Their favorite email tools
Send Email API
SMTP Relay
Email Validation API
Email List Validation
Email Template Builder
Email Inbox Placement
Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider.
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Explore our resources packed with expert advice
Document icon
Blog
Book icon
Guides
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Microphone icon
Podcasts
Video icon
Videos
Getting started with Mailgun: An intro to the platform
Read More
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform.
Read More
2025 State of Email Deliverability Research Report
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Explore our resources packed with expert advice
Document icon
Blog
Book icon
Guides
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Microphone icon
Podcasts
Video icon
Videos
Getting started with Mailgun: An intro to the platform
Read More
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform.
Read More
2025 State of Email Deliverability Research Report
Read More
Log in
Log in
Start For Free
Contact Sales
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Back to main menu
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Send icon
Send
Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails
Bar line chart icon
Optimize
Tools and services to improve your email deliverability
Shield badge check icon
Validate
Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload
Products
Send icon
Send
Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails
Bar line chart icon
Optimize
Tools and services to improve your email deliverability
Shield badge check icon
Validate
Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload
Solutions
Suitcase icon
By industry
Businesses that love us
Martech
Fintech
Healthcare
Email icon
By use case
What they use us for
Transactional Email Platform
Email Deliverability Services
Email Reputation Services
Blocklist Monitoring Services
Email Testing Services
Window stack icon
By feature
Their favorite email tools
Send Email API
SMTP Relay
Email Validation API
Email List Validation
Email Template Builder
Email Inbox Placement
Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider.
Read More
Solutions
Suitcase icon
By industry
Businesses that love us
Martech
Fintech
Healthcare
Email icon
By use case
What they use us for
Transactional Email Platform
Email Deliverability Services
Email Reputation Services
Blocklist Monitoring Services
Email Testing Services
Window stack icon
By feature
Their favorite email tools
Send Email API
SMTP Relay
Email Validation API
Email List Validation
Email Template Builder
Email Inbox Placement
Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider.
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Explore our resources packed with expert advice
Document icon
Blog
Book icon
Guides
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Microphone icon
Podcasts
Video icon
Videos
Getting started with Mailgun: An intro to the platform
Read More
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform.
Read More
2025 State of Email Deliverability Research Report
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Explore our resources packed with expert advice
Document icon
Blog
Book icon
Guides
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Microphone icon
Podcasts
Video icon
Videos
Getting started with Mailgun: An intro to the platform
Read More
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform.
Read More
2025 State of Email Deliverability Research Report
Read More
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailjet
Email on Acid
About
About
Company
Partners
Careers
Blog
Blog
Help
Help
Contact Support
Help Center
Documentation
SDKs
Status
Security Portal
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Log in
Log in
Start For Free
Contact Sales
Send icon
Send
Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails
Bar line chart icon
Optimize
Tools and services to improve your email deliverability
Shield badge check icon
Validate
Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload
Suitcase icon
By industry
Businesses that love us
Martech
Fintech
Healthcare
Email icon
By use case
What they use us for
Transactional Email Platform
Email Deliverability Services
Email Reputation Services
Blocklist Monitoring Services
Email Testing Services
Window stack icon
By feature
Their favorite email tools
Send Email API
SMTP Relay
Email Validation API
Email List Validation
Email Template Builder
Email Inbox Placement
Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider.
Read More
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Explore our resources packed with expert advice
Document icon
Blog
Book icon
Guides
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Microphone icon
Podcasts
Video icon
Videos
Getting started with Mailgun: An intro to the platform
Read More
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform.
Read More
2025 State of Email Deliverability Research Report
Read More
Mailjet
Email on Acid
Company
Partners
Careers
Contact Support
Help Center
Documentation
SDKs
Status
Security Portal
Mailgun is a strong advocate for privacy. We care about our users' rights. Leading up to the implementation of the GDPR (the new EU privacy law since 25 May 2018), we have been hard at work building numerous features that give customers more control of the data that is stored on our platform. We have designed and enabled these features for all our customers, regardless of whether the GDPR specifically impacts them.
We built this document to
present to you how
the GDPR will apply to your use of Mailgun and what we have done to ensure we are compliant with the new rules.
We recommend that you review this document carefully and present it to your privacy team.
Note
: EU data protection laws, including the GDPR, are complex. This guide should not be considered legal advice. Please consult a legal professional for details on how the GDPR impacts your business.
The GDPR is a regulation designed to harmonize data privacy laws throughout the European Union (EU). This new regulation offers individuals in the EU greater transparency and control over how their personal data is used and make companies handling personal data accountable for their choices. Even businesses that are not based in the EU must comply with the GDPR if they are collecting and processing personal data of individuals located in the EU.
If your data processing activities fall under the scope of the GDPR, one of the first question you should ask yourself is “Am I a data controller or a data processor?". The answer to this question will help you determining what are your compliance obligations under the GDPR. The controller is the organization that determines the purposes and means of processing. As a customer of Mailgun, you operate as the controller when using our products and services. You have the responsibility for ensuring that the personal data you are collecting is being processed lawfully and that you are using processors, such as Mailgun, that provide sufficient guarantees to meet key requirements of the GDPR.
Mailgun is considered a processor. We act on the instructions of the controller (you), which come in the form of API or SMTP requests. Similar to controllers, processors are expected to comply with the GDPR.
As a processor, we rely on our customers to ensure that personal data are collected on the basis of one of the GDPR lawful grounds for processing. You, as a controller, can collect personal data based on one of the following legal basis: (i) consent; (ii) processing is the necessary for the performance of a contract you have with the data subject; (iii) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; (iv) you need to protect the vital interest of the data subject or of another person; (vi) you (or another third party) have a legitimate interest to process personal data and this is not overridden by the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject.
We are committed to be transparent in how we handle and process personal data. As one of our customers, you should be aware of how we handle personal data on your behalf.
We keep data only as long as it is necessary to provide our services. Where possible, we employ mechanisms that allow us to automatically remove data after it is no longer needed to offer our services.
Mailgun stores the bodies of messages for up to seven days for both incoming and outgoing messages. For outgoing messages, temporary storage allows our systems to attempt to re-deliver messages that could not be delivered on the first attempt. Customers relying on our parsing features use this to be able to retrieve messages that have been received as inbound messages.
For some customers, the message retention period may be selectively adjusted based on written instructions between the customer and Mailgun. Additionally, we offer features that prevent the retrieval of messages programmatically or allows the messages to be securely deleted after delivery.
Finally, our staff may access message bodies to assist customers in troubleshooting delivery issues or in response to a potential AUP violation. Employee access is routinely audited and all of those employees or staff in contact with personal data are subject to our confidentiality provisions.
The metadata of a message, which includes the sender, recipient(s), subject line, originating IP address and other routing data is indexed and maintained for 30 days.
As messages are processed by Mailgun, we generate discrete events from each service that handles message processing. This data is useful in troubleshooting processing and delivery issues that periodically occur when messaging users through Mailgun. This data is available in its entirety via our logs and Events API.
Finally, our staff may use this event data to assist in customer support requests or in response to a potential AUP violation.
Suppressions are permanently stored email addresses that are created as a result of a hard bounce, complaint, or unsubscribe. We store suppressions until you remove them or your account has been deleted.
When suppressions are removed, they are permanently deleted from the system. Suppressions may be stored in a backup system for disaster recovery purposes for up to 30 days after removal.
Mailgun stores recipient email addresses activity information in a hashed (pseudonymization) format. This data allows us to more accurately pre-validate email addresses, detect potential risky senders who may damage IP reputation, and help customers optimize their delivery processes.
This recipient data is only used as part of the delivery of Mailgun services.
As a processor, we have specific obligations under the GDPR. In this section, we highlight how we handle personal data and what efforts we are making to ensure you, as one of our customers, can trust us.
In our efforts to comply with the GDPR, we have conducted a detailed risk analysis of all applications that may process personal data of individuals located in the EU. Based on the result of such analysis, we have put in place appropriate measures that allow us to comply with the new requirements.
First of all, we have gathered a dedicated team of data protection and security specialists who review Mailgun processing of personal data and ensure we have always privacy in mind.
Thanks to our team, we have taken many proactive steps towards compliance with the GDPR:
We have implemented or are working on new policies and procedures to be able to detect personal data breaches and notify our customers without undue delay to ensure they meet the breach notification requirements of the GDPR. We have developed procedures to be able to deal with the requests we receive from data subjects and inform you of such requests. We have reviewed and updated the security policies and controls we have in place. These are continually tested and evolve in line with changing regulations and governance requirements. We have appointed a Data Protection Officer, who will be in charge of compliance with the GDPR across our business. We carry out regular data protection training for our employees and staff. We created and maintain a
record of our
data processing activities. The above are only some of the steps we have taken in our path towards GDPR compliance, which is an ongoing exercise that we are engaged in.
More information can be found on GDPR with Mailjet
.
Processors may leverage other third-parties in the processing of personal data. These entities are commonly referred to as “sub-processors". We, at Mailgun, use cloud infrastructure providers like Amazon Web Services, Rackspace, Softlayer, and Google Cloud Platform to host Mailgun. As required under the GDPR, we have put in place appropriate measures with our sub-processors that will allow us to secure the personal data we process on your behalf. If you are one of our customers, we will provide you with an exhaustive list of the sub-processors we use.
As part of the GDPR, EU data subjects can access their personal data, correct, remove or export them. They also have the right to restrict the processing of their personal data.
We have designed our platform with several self-service features that our customers can leverage to assist in reviewing the personal data stored on our platform to respond to data requests.
In particular, these features are designed to support the right to data portability, right to access, and right to be forgotten.
When we, as a processor, receive directly a request from a data subject, we will engage the respective customer within seven days to respond to the data subject request (unless otherwise required by law).
If you are a data controller, the
GDPR requires that you enter into an agreement with your data processors
. This agreement is referred to as “Data Processing Agreement" and sets out how a controller and a processor meet the requirements of the GDPR.
To make your life easier, we have drafted a DPA that our customers can sign. Our DPA is designed to address the requirements of Article 28 of the GDPR. It includes the respective obligations of Mailgun, as a data controller, and our customers, as data processors.
View Mailgun DPA
The GDPR does not require that data processing activities are limited to the EU, but regulates the transfer of personal data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). In order to do that, the GDPR provides for different transfer mechanisms.
Mailgun ensures the protection of our customers' data from end to end through the implementation of strong technical and organizational measures including, our data retention periods, data storage and transfers, and encryption protocols. All of which are
publicly available
under the principles of accountability and transparency we prioritize at Mailgun. We also have in place EU Model standard contractual clauses in our Data Processing Addendum, and in place with all our vendors to ensure any data transfers are done properly and securely.
deliv-team@mailgun.company
outbound-sales@mailgun.company
spamtrapmonitoring@mailgun.company
iceman@mailgun.top
admiral@mailgun.top
timduncan@mailgun.top