PRIVACY POLICY – SUPERTYPE
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application supertype (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Philipp Stollenmayer. The Application is a puzzle game with the goal of finding the right combination of letters to solve physic puzzles.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download the Application.
	When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your user name; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help.
Automatically Collected Information
Does the Application collect or store any user related data?
This Application does not collect or store any data.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No. The Application has been built with Corona SDK. Please also refer to their
privacy policy.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@kamibox.de.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://coronalabs.com/privacy-policy-for-app-users/:
Page not found
Looks like you’ve followed a broken link or entered a URL that doesn’t
          exist on this site.
If this is your site, and you weren’t expecting a 404 for this path,
          please visit Netlify’s
“page not found” support guide
for troubleshooting tips.