Stint’s Privacy Policy
Stinter User Privacy Notice
Last updated: May 2024.
At Stint, we value your data and hold it in the highest regard. This Privacy Notice outlines what types of data
        we
        collect from you, how we use it, who we share it with, and how long we keep it for. If you have any questions
        about
        this Privacy Notice or any other matter relating to how Stint uses your personal data, feel free to email us at
dataprotection@stint.co
. We have appointed a Data Protection
        Officer,
        Asserson Law Offices, who can be contacted at this email address as well.
Who we are
Stint Ltd, a company registered in England under number 11022621, with its registered office at Labs, The Stables
        Market, London, England, NW1 8AH, is the
data controller
. This means that Stint Ltd is
        responsible
        for deciding how it holds and uses personal information relating to users of the Stint App
        (
Stinter
or
you
).
Personal data
, or
personal information
means any
        information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the
        identity has been removed (anonymous data).
For definitions used in this privacy notice, see the Stinter Terms and Conditions and Teams Terms and Conditions
        under “Settings & About” in the Stint App.
Personal data Stint collects on Stinters
Information you provide. This may include:
User profile
: for a Stinter to create an account on Stint we require they input details
            about
            themselves. This includes your name, email address, mobile phone number, university degree, year of
            graduation,
            date of birth, work experience (if any), details of work experience, profile picture, payment information
            (including bank account details and national insurance number), Stinter loan information and password. This
            information is used to create your Stint profile and allow you to sign up for Stints.
Saved Places
: you have the option to save a few addresses in the App to allow you to search
            for
            Stints in those areas.
Video
: we may request that you upload a short video of yourself so that we can assess your
            presentability for front-of-house roles and to assess your motivation to work.
Emergency information:
emergency contact name and emergency contact phone number is
            processed
            in the unlikely event a Stinter is involved in an emergency while on a Stint.
Right to work and employment information:
by law we need to verify your right to work in
            the
            UK, we therefore require that you provide us with your government share code, or a copy of your passport,
            and/or
            BRP card; we also need your address, date of birth, gender and national insurance number as required by
            HMRC.
Payment information:
your time spent on Stints and the rate at which you agreed the Stint,
            your
            payslips and bank details so that we can pay you for your Stints.
Stint preferences:
this includes information you provide on your future availability to do
            Stints including the dates and times of day you want to do Stints, and areas you aren’t willing or able to
            work
            in as a Stinter (e.g. not working with alcohol or in heavy lifting).
User content:
this includes your answer to questions we may ask you, such as ‘How did you
            hear
            about Stint?’ or your comments on users of the Stint Business App (
Business Users
).
Information created when using our App. This may include:
Marketing data
: your preferences in receiving marketing from us, and our third parties. We
            may
            also use our correspondence with you to generate information on how you respond to email, phone, messaging,
            social media, text and post campaigns.
Communication data
: we communicate with Stinters on the phone, by email, through the app
            and on
            WhatsApp. We keep a record of this correspondence.
Location information
: depending on your device permissions Stint may collect your precise
            or
            approximate location. We collect this information when the Stint App is running in the foreground or
            background
            of your device. When you are due to attend a Stint, we will request access to your location for the two
            hours
            immediately before your Stint is due to start, until you reach your destination. You can still use the Stint
            App
            without enabling location tracking but this may hinder our ability to match you to Stints that are within a
            reasonable distance to your location or to verify that you are on a way to a Stint you signed up for, in
            which
            case the Stint may be reassigned.
Device
information
: we may collect data on the device you use to access
            the
            Stint App such as your battery level, device ID and device motion information.
Information provided by other sources. This may include:
Verification meeting feedback
: this includes a comment on your work experience and on
            factors
            including your politeness, presentability and English-speaking ability.
Business User feedback on your Stint performance
: this includes an overall rating out of 5;
            category ratings out of 5 on your personality, attitude, presentability, English-speaking ability, uniform
            and
            punctuality; bad ratings tags on punctuality, uniform, skills and attitude, and comments made by Business
            Users
            on your performance.
More sensitive data:
Health problems
: we ask you to provide us with information on any health issues that may
            hinder
            your ability to do certain Stints so we can assign you to Stints suited to you. For example, allergies,
            physical
            injuries or disabilities.
Biometrics
: we have engaged a sub-contractor to verify your right to work who will review a
            photo of your passport against a photo of yourself (both of which you will have sent through the App). In
            assessing whether the photo of yourself matches the photo on your passport, our sub-contractor uses your
            biometric data.
Accident records
: if you have an accident during a Stint, we may require some information
            as to
            what happened, including if you were injured, details of the injury.
Criminal data
: We may only use information relating to criminal convictions where the law
            allows us to do so. This is usually where that processing is necessary to carry out our obligations and
            provided
            we do so in line with our internal data protection policy. We do not envisage that we will hold information
            about criminal convictions. However, certain Business Users will require the Stinter to carry out a
            Disclosure
            and Barring Service (
DBS
) checks, for example where the Business User is located in highly
            secured premises (e.g. in an airport). You will only have to take the DBS check if you consent to it, you
            are
            under no obligation to do so and you can refuse to take the check without any repercussions except that you
            will
            not be able to attend that Stint. If you agree to the check, you will have to apply for it yourself and
            share
            the results with the Business User. If we are informed that your DBS check did not come back clear, we will
            discuss the results with you. We will not take any spent convictions into account, but may take unspent
            convictions into account at our discretion. In doing so, we will have regard to the following factors:
            whether
            the conviction is relevant to the type of Stints we offer, the seriousness of the offence, the length of
            time
            since the offence was committed, whether there is a pattern of offending or other relevant matters, whether
            your
            circumstances have changed since the offending behaviour, the circumstances surrounding the office and your
            explanation.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any
        purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as
        this
        data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your
        Device Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific feature of our Website. However, if we
        combine
        or connect Aggregated Data with your Personal Data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat
        the
        combined data as Personal Data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you fail to provide Personal Data
Where we need to collect Personal Data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to
        provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into
        with you (for example, to provide you the Services). In that case, we may not be able to allow you to attend a
        Stint. If you do not want us to process your Personal Data in the way set out in this Privacy Policy, you should
        not
        use our App.
You may also choose not to provide us with any optional personal data (marked as non-mandatory where applicable).
        However, please note that doing so might prevent you from fully using our App and receiving the best user
        experience
        when using it.
How Stint uses your personal data
Stint uses the personal data of Stinters for several purposes and in accordance with the law.
Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where it is necessary in order for us to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered
            into
            with you;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and
            fundamental rights do not override those interest;
where we need to comply with a legal obligation;
where we may rely on legitimate interest;
where it is in your vital interest; or
where you have provided consent for us to do us.
Purposes for which we will use your Personal Data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and
        the
        legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where
        appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose
        for
        which we are using your data. Where more than one ground has been set out in the table below, please contact us
        if
        you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new Stinter, update your account, verify your identity and/or your
                    right to work in the UK.
(a) User profile (b) Emergency information (c) Right to work information (d)
                    Communication
                    Data
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Explicit Consent (regarding biometric data)
To match you with and offer you Stints that match with your personal experience and
                    abilities, enable communications with you about your Stint and/or to ensure you arrive at your
                    booked
                    Stint
(a) User profile (b) Stint preferences (c) Location information (d) Verification
                    meeting
                    feedback (e) Business User feedback (f) Health problems (j) Communication Data (k) Device
                    Information
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Performance of a contract with one or more
                    Business Users
To pay your salary and/or make payments to HMRC
(a) Right to work and employment information (b) Payment information
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To optimise our service, encourage improvement in your performance, as grounds for
                    deactivating Stinter with ratings below a certain minimum, where Stint’s reputation in the eyes of
                    Business Users is in jeopardy and/or to enhance the pricing and matching of Stinters with Business
                    Users
(a) User profile (b) Business User feedback (c) Communication Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to ensure Stint’s reputation is not damaged,
                    avoid
                    loss of Business Users and optimise our service)
To assist you when you contact our customer support services, including, to direct your
                    questions to the appropriate customer support person, to investigate and address your concerns and
                    to
                    monitor and improve our customer support responses.
(a) User profile (b) Right to work and employment information (c) Payment information
                    (d)
                    Stint preferences (e) Communication Data
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
                    (c)
                    Necessary for our legitimate interests (to help Stinters use our App)
To keep our Stinters and Business Users safe and secure by: (a) tracking your location
                    before a stint to ensure you are not lost or require assistance with travel and ensure you arrive
                    promptly to your Stint; (b) processing your name and profile picture so the Business whose stint you
                    are
                    attending knows the identity of the Stinter prior to your arrival; (c) informing the Business User
                    of
                    any health issues that they must be made aware of in order to keep you safe and allow you to perform
                    the
                    Stint; and (d) informing your emergency contact in the event you are injured during a Stint.
(a) User profile (b) Emergency information (c) Communication data (d) Location
                    information
                    (e) Device information (f) Health problems
(a) Performance of a contract with you and our Business Users (b) Necessary to comply
                    with
                    a legal obligation (c) Necessary for our legitimate interest (to ensure that the right Stinter
                    attends
                    the Stint, and timely arrives at the Stint location) (d) Vital interest
To manage our relationship with you which will include: (a) Notifying you about any
                    changes
                    to our Terms or this Privacy Policy; (b) Notifying you about changes to our App; (c) Responding to
                    any
                    questions or issues you may have; and (d) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey.
(a) User profile (b) User content (c) Profile (d) Marketing data (e) Communication Data
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
                    (c)
                    Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated, to study how our Stinters use
                    our
                    App and optimise our service)
To administer and protect our business and our App, and use data analytics to improve
                    our
                    App (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and
                    hosting of data), and for research and marketing purposes.
(a) User Profile (b) Contact (c) Device information (d) Marketing data (e)
                    Communication
                    data; (f) Business User Data (g) Device Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of
                    administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud, to analyse usage trends to
                    improve
                    the user experience and enhance the safety and security of our services)
To deliver relevant marketing content and make suggestions and recommendations to you
                    about
                    goods or services that may be of interest to you, including products, services, promotions, studies,
                    surveys, news, updates, and events and send you relevant ads and content about our services and
                    those of
                    our business partners.
(a) User profile (b) User content (c) Marketing data
Consent
To deal with any hearings, termination and disputes, including in relation to: (a)
                    gathering evidence for possible grievance or disciplinary hearings in relation to Stinters; (b)
                    making
                    decision about your continued use of the Stint App; (c) the termination of your use of the App
                    accordance with the Stint Terms; (d) dealing with legal disputes, claims or other legal or
                    administrative or regulatory actions or investigations involving Stinters, or other employees,
                    workers
                    and contractors of Stint, or any Business User (including in relation to health and safety or
                    compliance
                    with any other laws).
(a) User profile (b) Right to work and employment information (c) Payment information
                    (d)
                    Location information (e) Device information (f) Health problems (g) Stint preferences (h)
                    Communication
                    data (i) Location information (j) Verification meeting feedback (k) Business user feedback on your
                    Stint
                    performance (l) Health problems
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
                    (c)
                    Necessary for our legitimate interests (protect Stint Ltd from reputational risk)
Where relevant, to ensure that you are suitable to attend the Stint where the Business
                    requires a DBS check to be carried out to due to heightened security measures (e.g. the Stint is at
                    an
                    airport).
Criminal Data
(a) consent
In this Privacy Policy
Consent
means your active agreement to use your personal data for a specified purpose. We
            will
            only process your personal data where you have signified your agreement by a statement or clear opt-in to
            processing for a specific purpose. Consent will only be valid if it is a freely given, specific, informed
            and
            unambiguous indication of what you want. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us.
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our
            business
            to enable us to give you and our Business Users the best service and the best and most secure experience. We
            make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights
            before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for
            activities where we assess our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or
            are
            otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our
            legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the
            performance of
            a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary
            for
            compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
Vital Interest
means processing your personal data where it is necessary in case something
            happens which puts you in serious physical danger.
Marketing
Where you have provided your consent, Stint may also use your contact details to promote and send you relevant
        ads
        and content about our services where you have signed up to become a Stinter. You may receive some of these
        communications based on your profile as a Stinter. Where applicable, we may ask you for your consent to provide
        you
        with marketing emails or other form of communication from third parties, such as our partners, charities we work
        with, events happening around you, etc.
You may unsubscribe from any of the above communications at any time by clicking on “unsubscribe” at the bottom
        of
        any of our marketing communication, or by writing to us at
dataprotection@stint.co
.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider
        that we
        need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an
        explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact
        us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal
        basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the
        above
        rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Sharing your data
Stint may share the data we collect:
With Business Users of Stint:
For security and operational reasons, Business Users need to know who is coming to their Stint. We therefore
        share a
        limited version of your profile with Business Users when you are matched to their Stint posting. This limited
        profile includes your name, profile picture, and overall rating. If your profile does not contain a profile
        picture
        or the profile picture does not clearly show what you look like, we may share your right to work likeness photo
        with
        the Business User.
We will also share with the Business User the total number of Stints that you have done at the site of this
        Business
        User or with any of the Business’ affiliated companies (if relevant) and your role.
Some Business Users have stricter access requirements (e.g. if they are located in an airport) and may therefore
        require us to share further information with them such as a copy of your passport.
With other Stinters:
When you are part of a Team working together for a Business, we may, as a result of creating a Team, share your
        name
        and telephone number with other Stinters to assist Stint and the Stinters in coordinating Stints at the
        Business.
With third party services providers:
Stint will share personal information with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to
        administer
        the contract between us and you and/or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
We share personal data with third parties as follows:
With our payroll service providers, including Virtual Business Source (PayPlus at
https://payplus.co.uk
);
With Onsi (
https://onsi.com
), in order to allow you to take out your earning
            early;
With our database service provider Firebase (
https://firebase.com
) and
            business intelligence platform provider Looker (
https://cloud.google.com/looker?hl=en
);
With Persona (
https://withpersona.com/
), where you have consented to
            your
            right to work check being carried out through the use of biometric data;
With our instant messaging and customer service messaging providers, including WhatsApp (
https://www.whatsapp.com
), Slack (
https://slack.com
) and Intercom (
https://intercom.com
);
With our web hosting providers, including AWS (
https://aws.amazon.com
)
            and
            Google Cloud;
With our email, text messaging and file sharing applications and providers, including Gsuite (
https://workspace.google.com/
), Hubspot (
https://www.hubspot.com/
), Textmagic (
https://www.textmagic.com
);
With our calendar and booking providers, including Calendly (
https://calendly.com
) and Zapier (
https://zapier.com
) to share data stored in Calendly with Google Sheets;
With other suppliers. We may, for example, engage a supplier to carry out administrative and operational
            work in
            support of our relationship with Stinters; and
With other entities in our group of companies part of our regular business operations for reporting
            activities
            on company performance, in the context of a business reorganisation, for the sale of all or part of our
            business
            or group restructuring exercise, for system maintenance support and for hosting data.
The suppliers will be subject to contractual and other legal obligations to preserve the confidentiality of data
        and
        to respect privacy, and will only have access to the data they need to perform their functions. The relevant
        suppliers are typically IT suppliers (who provide, host or support our IT systems, including information about
        Stinters), back-office finance and accounting management providers (who might need to handle details of Stinters
        in
        order to process accounts payable and receivable) and our solicitors in order to obtain legal advice.
Some of our suppliers are located outside of the UK and the EEA, this includes our legal advisors and some of our
        suppliers set out in the list above. Where we share personal information with them, we will ensure that such
        transfer complies with the rules for international transfers under the data protection laws (for example, the
        country is on the European Commission’s list of adequate countries or there are standard contractual clauses or
        equivalent in place).
All our supplier and other entities in the group are required to take appropriate security measures to protect
        personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use the
        personal data for any purpose other than the specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Retaining and deleting your data
Stint will only retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for,
        including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. To determine the
        appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal
        data,
        the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of personal data, the purposes for which we
        process
        personal data and whether Stint can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal
        requirements.
In some circumstances, Stint may anonymise personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you,
        in
        which case Stint may use such information without further notice to you. Once a Stinter is no longer a
        registered
        user, Stint will retain and securely destroy personal information in accordance with applicable laws and
        regulations.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost,
        used
        or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to
        those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only
        process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any
        applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Automated Decision Making
We use an algorithm to match Stinter with Stints. This algorithm takes into account several parameters, such as
        the
        location of the Stinter in relation to the Stint, the Stinter’s availability to perform the Stint, the Stinter’s
        past working history (if any), the Stinter’s skills, the Stinter’s ranking in the App, the Stinter’s level of
        education, the Stinter’s willingness/ability to do certain work (e.g. if they are unable to work with alcohol
        for
        religious reasons) and other relevant factors. This algorithm is necessary for entering into, or performance of,
        the
        contract between the Stinter and us.
We have engaged a third party to carry out “right to work” checks on our behalf. In doing so, they will match
        your
        live photo with the official documentation you provided us and them with. This process is automated without
        human
        intervention. We only perform these checks where you have provided your explicit consent to do so. If you
        refuse,
        please contact us at
dataprotection@stint.co
so that we can offer
        an
        alternative way of carrying out the “right to work” checks.
Please note that you have the right to request human intervention in relation to decisions which are based solely
        on
        automated decision making, and also have the right to contest such decisions and to express your point of view.
        You
        can exercise your rights by writing to us at
dataprotection@stint.co
.
Call recordings
We record calls to Stinters for quality and monitoring purposes, which ensures that our staff is properly trained
        and
        services are continuously improved. We may also keep calls for longer where the call concerns a complaint of a
        Stinter, a Business User or Stint, and in order to protect our business’ legitimate interest in the event of a
        potential or actual claim involving us.
Your rights
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access
to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access
            request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information Stint holds about you and to check
            that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to
            have
            any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure
of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or
            remove
            your personal information where there is no good reason for us to continue processing it. You also have the
            right to ask us to delete or remove personal information where you have exercised your right to object to
            processing (see below).
Object
to the processing of your personal information where Stint is relying on a
            Legitimate
            Interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you
            want
            to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we process personal
            information
            for direct marketing purposes.
Request restriction
of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask
            Stint
            to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example, if you want Stint to establish its
            accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on your consent to process your personal
            data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your
            consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We
            will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Use the form here to make a request and invoke your rights or send an email to
dataprotection@stint.co
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we
        may
        charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could
        refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to
        access
        your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal
        data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for
        further
        information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month
        if
        your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In that case, we will notify you and
        keep you updated.
Changes to this privacy policy
Stint reserves the right to update this privacy policy at any time. We will provide you with the new privacy
        policy
        when we make any substantial updates. We may also notify you from time to time about the processing of your
        personal
        information through the Stint App or through other means such as email. We encourage you to review this privacy
        policy regularly for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about how we process your personal data, please contact us at
dataprotection@stint.co
. You also have the right to make a
        complaint
        at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (
ICO
), the UK regulator for data
        protection
        issues. However, we would appreciate being first given the opportunity to address with your concerns.