Golden Tee Golf for iOS and Android
Incredible Technologies' Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions for Golden Tee Golf for iOS and Android
Summary of Privacy Policy
.
IT will not intentionally disclose any personally identifying information about you (including information submitted regarding your social security number, your e-mail address, social logins, information obtained by IT from cookies or devices, and information regarding your IP address) to third parties without your consent except where IT, in good faith, believes such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations or to enforce applicable Terms of Service or other rules. Your acceptance of any prize from IT constitutes consent for IT's disclosure of personal information, other than your social security number and/or financial information. IT reserves the right to collect general demographic and other market information that does not personally identify you to any person without additional consent. IT reserves the right to publish the name or alias you supply for use on public leaderboards or for other obviously public purposes. You agree that IT may publish factual statements, including but not limited to scores, Contest rankings, and other Game-related information, related to such supplied name or alias so long as such information does not disclose identity-related information you have not chosen to make public.
Incredible Technologies respects the rights of the users of the Game, the App, and related websites and other communications services, and we recognize the importance of protecting their personal information. In order to serve you better, we have adopted this Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide.
After reading this document, if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy statement or information policies, please E-mail info@itsgames.com.
Please note that this policy applies only to products, sites and services maintained and operated by Incredible Technologies, Inc. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites maintained by other persons, companies or organizations to which we link.
Please understand that our products, services and web sites are not intended for use by children. We do not knowingly solicit or collect any personal information about children under the age of 13 nor do we market to them.
What information is collected?
Through our game, Incredible Technologies collects limited personal information from our online visitors on a voluntary basis.  Additionally, some non-personal device information can be collected such as advertising IDs, IMEI numbers, anonymized social ids after user login or other device specific information to aid in tracking and delivering information that is stored for analytics and login authentication.  This information is collected for any of the following reasons: (1) allowing IT to track non-personal information for marketing or anonymous statistical gathering to make the app better, (2) to allow visitors to post messages and scores on bulletin or leader boards, (3) to enable our customers to have access to secure portions of our apps (4) registration for games or special game-specific information.
Personal information collected may include your name and e-mail address. We do not require this information to obtain access to our game; however, you will not be able to access certain areas that require registration.
What happens to the personal information you provide to us?
When you opt to use specific areas of an Incredible Technologies' site, or certain features of the Game or the App, you will be asked to provide personal information. We may use your personal information for our internal marketing studies, so we can consistently improve our products and services to meet your needs. We also may use your personal information to provide you with updates and information about games, events and tournaments we believe you may be interested in.
Occasionally, we partner with companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you, and we may provide your personal information, absent financial or other confidential information, to such third parties.
Safeguarding your personal information
.
We collect personal information in order to serve our business purposes, and we will maintain reasonable security safeguards to ensure that the information you have provided remains secure. We limit access to such information to authorized personnel only. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of that personal information.
All personal information that you submit through this site is collected, stored and processed in the United States.
Incredible Technologies cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our site for illegal activities. Therefore, we will respond to valid subpoenas, warrants or other court orders regarding information concerning any users. We will, at our discretion, disclose information if we believe we are required to do so by law, believe that such disclosure is necessary to protect us from legal liability or believe we need to do so to protect someone’s safety or the integrity of the site.
Changing or deleting information from our files
If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information maintained by Incredible Technologies is incorrect, or should you wish to have your information removed from our records, please contact us at info@itsgames.com. If necessary, we will be happy to update or remove your personal information.
While we do not anticipate it happening, if Incredible Technologies, or substantially all of its assets (or assets relating to a specific game) were acquired by another party, customer and user information would be one of the assets transferred with the assets of the business. We will not offer personally identifiable information for sale independent of the other assets of the business.
By using the Game, the App, or any related website or other communications service, you signify your agreement with the Incredible Technologies' Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this game. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at any time, so if you are a frequent user of our products and services and/or our site, we ask that you please review our policy on a regular basis.
Golden Tee Golf for iOS and Android
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Any person ("you," or "player,") who:
1.Registers for an account and/or participates in any event offered on or in association with Golden Tee or any other equipment or environment through which IT offers Player Accounts or the ability to compete against other players or demonstrate skill, ("the Game") by Incredible Technologies, Inc. ("IT,") and/or;
2.Purchases, downloads, installs, or otherwise utilizes the application known as “Golden Tee Golf,” or similar application offered by or with the approval of IT (the “App,”)
By such action agrees to be bound by the most current version of these Terms of Service. IT may modify these Terms of Service at any time, with the modifications to be effective in all individual events, tournaments, contests, matches, or other entries into play on the Game or through the App (collectively, "Contests,") in progress when, or which begin after, such modification is posted on an IT website or on the Game, and/or when the App is updated and available for update on reasonable application provider services or sites, whichever comes first. Your continued use of the Game, the App, and/or participation in any Contest offered by IT following any such modifications signifies your acceptance of those modifications. The current version of these Terms of Service, including any and all such modifications, if any, may be found at www.goldentee.com. You are responsible for reviewing these Terms of Service as set forth therein periodically for any such modifications.
Eligibility for Player Account Registration
To register for an account to use the App and/or participate in any Contest offered on the Game or by IT, you must:
be at least 18 years old;
be the named account holder of the credit card, other entry identification card, or equivalent form of identification utilized in the account registration process;
be a U.S. citizen or citizen of a country in which participation has been authorized by IT;
be physically located in a jurisdiction in which participation in the Contests offered on the Game and/or the use of the App is not prohibited by law.
The regulations governing Contests with entry fees and/or prizes are determined by individual states and/or other local jurisdictions. IT does not warrant that its products, services and/or Contests are in compliance with all regulatory requirements in all localities. Please be certain to use such products and services, and participate in such Contests, where you have determined in good-faith that they are in compliance with state, local and other governing laws and regulations.
Free and Fair Competition
You may compete against players with varying abilities who reside throughout the country, or, depending on the contest, throughout the world. Players are required to conduct themselves in the spirit of free and fair competition. Any specific requirement or restriction herein notwithstanding, actions unrelated to the reasonable and ordinary play of the Game or use of the App which are meant to affect the outcome of an individual Contest, or actions meant to increase a player's odds of winning or improving their placement or prize in a Contest unrelated to the actual play of that player in that particular Contest or the parameters thereof, are prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to, actions which alter Game hardware or software, circumvent mechanical limitations, skill divisions, handicapping systems, entry requirements and/or restrictions, and/or other systems which distribute players into Contests based on skill, play history, and/or experience. It does not include the use of optional in-game equipment or the mere exercise of natural talent or developed skill in the ordinary course of play. Players who demonstrate a pattern of actions not within the spirit of free and fair competition, in the sole judgment of IT, may be suspended or banned from play in contests, any prizes they may win may be null and void, and they may not be allowed to access Player Accounts through the App.
Sporting Environment
Players are required to maintain a reasonable level of honorable and sporting behavior in relation to Contests, the Game, and related social environments including, but not limited to, IT’s player forums and any communications means provided via the App. Players who create vulgar or offensive account identifiers of any kind, or who consistently demonstrate tendencies to conduct themselves in an unsporting manner which lowers the quality of the Game experience for other players or users of the App, may be removed from Contests, have their prizes for Contests in which they participated using such identifier nullified, and/or otherwise have their player accounts sanctioned by IT. You agree that IT has the right to maintain a sporting environment at its sole discretion and that your sole remedy for any such sanction shall be the refund of the Contest entry fee or App purchase price, if any, which you paid related to Contests you entered but from which you were removed or for which your prize award was nullified or if your ability to use the App is diminished or removed by IT.
Contest Brackets
In some contests, the Game may assign you to a Contest player division, skill level, tournament bracket and/or prize structure (collectively, ‘League’) automatically based on various factors. Brackets will be assigned to maximize free and fair competition. Brackets are subject to change at any time and may change dynamically without prior notice, although once an individual Contest begins, the conditions for entry into that Contest will not be changed. You agree that Brackets are an understood part of play on the Game and agree that IT is under no obligation to disclose its methods of assigning Brackets, and that they are a confidential trade secret.
Game Play Features
Just as in traditional sports, the quality of equipment can affect the outcome of play. The Game may offer players the opportunity to acquire equipment that may potentially improve their performance, and they may gain a competitive advantage therefrom. Equipment acquired, whether purchased or granted free of charge, will be maintained in a player's Player Account and may not be transferred. IT will use all reasonable efforts to maintain information about acquired equipment, but players agree that if due to mechanical or human error such information is lost, the acquired equipment may be lost and compensation for such loss, if any, will be at IT's sole discretion. Any attempt to influence the availability or qualities of any particular equipment, virtual or otherwise, through the App, is a breach of these Terms of Service and may be sanction at IT’s sole discretion.
Contest Timeframes and Resolution
Any Contest offered by IT on or related to the Game and/or the App, and the rules related thereto, are subject to change without further notice, although entry parameters and prize payouts will not be changed once an individual Contest begins unless it is determined that the parameters or prize structure have been affected by human error, deliberate tampering, or mechanical failure. It is anticipated that each Contest will be completed within seven (7) days after having been initiated unless the rules of that Contest state or reasonably imply that it will last for a different period of time. If a Contest is not completed within the appropriate time frame, the Contest will be terminated, and IT will refund each entrant's entry fee. In addition, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, IT at its sole discretion and for any reason whatsoever, reserves the right to cancel any and all Contests that may have been offered or otherwise initiated, whether completed or otherwise. In this event, IT will refund each entrant's entry fee.
Player acknowledges that the Contest entry fee being credited to their Player Account, whether for such Contest not completing or for such Contest having been terminated by IT for any reason whatsoever, is in full satisfaction of any and all entry fees paid to play in such Contest, that any additional consideration that player may have paid was for amusement purposes only, and the related amusement experience received by the player was in full satisfaction of any such additional consideration.
If any Contest results in a tie among one or more participants, the tie will be resolved among the participants by means set forth in relation to that particular Contest, or at IT's sole discretion. Absent a previously stated means of resolving a tie, all participants who achieved the best possible score or outcome will share equally in the prize(s) to which they would have been entitled, unless IT at its sole discretion chooses a different means of resolving the tie.
Players are advised that changes to the Terms of Service, and/or the rules and scoring system employed by the Game, with the exceptions set forth above, may affect Contests which were opened prior to such changes but were not completed at the time of such changes. IT may, at its sole discretion, either allow such effect to occur and evaluate the participation and outcome of such Contests accordingly, or close out such open Contests as may be affected and refund the Entry Fee of all players who were participating in such Contests.
Contest Limitation
IT reserves the right to limit the number of Contests, whether in general or of any particular type or Bracket, that a Player may enter in any given time period. Attempts to circumvent any such limitation, including but not limited to the use of multiple Player Accounts or Player Cards by a single individual or the use of multiple devices with the App installed or multiple instance of the App on a single device, are prohibited and are a violation of these Terms of Service. Such limitation shall be subject to change without notice, although if a Player attempts to begin a Contest and the Game accepts the entry fee for a Contest which the Player cannot enter due to such limitation, or if a player's entry into a Contest should have been subject to limitation but was allowed by a mechanical error which is later corrected, the entry fee shall be refunded to the Player. Players accept and agree that such refund shall be full and complete satisfaction of any claim related to such limitation. There shall be no refunds for any monies paid for downloading, installation, or use of the App unless incurred by clear error on IT’s part.
Legality
You are subject to all laws of the state, local and/or other jurisdiction in which you reside and from which you participate in any Contest, and where you use the App, and are solely responsible for obeying those laws and regulations. You agree that IT cannot be held liable if laws and regulations applicable to you restrict or prohibit your participation in the Game or in individual Contests or any given use of the App. IT makes no representations or warranties, implicit or explicit, as to your legal right to participate in any Contest offered by IT or to use the App nor shall any person affiliated, or claiming affiliation, with IT have authority to make any such representations or warranties.
Please be certain to use such products and services where you have determined in good-faith that they are in compliance with local, state and other governing body laws and regulations.
IT reserves the right to monitor the Game unit and transmissions related to each Contest and to limit access to on-line functionality.
Promotional Activities
By registering for an account, you agree that IT may display your user name and Game play records, and non-identifying information related to your use of the App. By accepting any prize from IT, you further agree to allow IT to print, publish, broadcast and use, worldwide, in any media and at any time throughout the universe, your name, picture, voice, likeness, and/or biographical information for promotional purposes without additional compensation (except as may be prohibited by law).
Account Suspension and/or Termination
IT may undertake, at its sole discretion, with or without prior notice, the following enforcement actions, including but not limited to those described in detail below:
Account Suspension: IT reserves the right to investigate abuse and/or suspected abuse, on a case-by-case basis and to terminate or suspend an individual's ability to participate in any Contest on the Game or to collect any prizes from IT at its sole discretion. IT reserves the right to lift the suspension of a player at any time, at its sole discretion. Account suspension may include prohibition against registering additional accounts, and the player may lose the right to compete in Contests for prizes.
Account Termination: Termination may result in the immediate closure of the account, a prohibition against any future membership, and the player may lose the right to compete in Contests for prizes.
App Deregistration: IT reserves the right to deregister or otherwise disable the ability of an installed App to access IT’s network and/or interact with the Game.
Substitution of Funds
IT reserves the right to use funds in a Player Account in settlement of debts to IT for which IT reasonably believes that the accountholder is or may be liable. This includes, but is not limited to, payments for games or updates purchased by the accountholder or any entity or business with which they are associated, and ITNet and other fees related to the operation of games by the accountholder or any entity or business with which they are associated. Any such funds so used shall only be released to such an accountholder upon full payment of any such debts, or after the Dispute Resolution process set forth herein.
Dispute Resolution, Binding Arbitration and Jurisdiction
By registering for an account and/or participating in any Contest offered on the Game, and/or downloading and/or installing the App, you agree that any dispute that cannot be resolved between the parties shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action. You understand that the Game, the network connectivity features of the App, and all Contests related to the Game or the App are administered from the State of Illinois, and further agree that any legal action arising from a dispute shall be resolved through binding arbitration, conducted in Chicago, Illinois by a qualified arbitrator, selected by the parties from a panel recommended by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with the then existing rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon any award by the arbitrator may be entered by any state or federal court in Cook County Illinois, USA, and you hereby submit to personal jurisdiction and venue in such courts for the purposes of any such action. You further agree that with regard to player accounts, all funds, prizes, and potential claims against funds and prizes are held in the state of Illinois and that its laws and regulations shall apply to the handling of player accounts and related funds, prizes, and potential claims against funds and prizes.
Entire Agreement
These Terms of Service, in connection with such other obligations, rules, terms, and conditions, if any, detailed in writing at www.goldentee.com, constitute the entire agreement between you and IT and cannot be modified by you. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prevent IT from modifying these Terms of Service.
Severability
If any portion of these Terms of Service is deemed void or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Service and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
©Incredible Technologies 2018