Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will be effective from August 1, 2017.
Please read 7 Minute Games' Privacy Policy before using the services because it will tell you how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information when providing these services to you.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please
Contact Us
.
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. Information We Collect and How We Collect It
3. How We Use the Information We Collect
4. How We Share Your Information
5. Privacy Policies of Third Party Services and Advertisers
6. Our Policies Concerning Children
7. How Long We Keep Your Information
8. Security of Your Information
9. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
10. Contact Us
Introduction
7 Minute Games develops and publishes games for mobile devices. "7 Minute Games," or "we" or "us" refers to 7 Minute Games Corporation.
This Privacy Policy applies whenever you play our games or otherwise access any of our other products, services, content, 7 Minute Games.com and/or the other domains provided by 7 Minute Games, together referred to as "Services." This Privacy Policy describes:
hat information we collect, how we collect it, and why
ow we use that information and with whom we share it
ow you can access and update that information
he choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your information
ow we protect the information we store about you
If you do not want 7 Minute Games to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not play 7 Minute Games' games or use 7 Minute Games' Services.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
If you play 7 Minute Games' games, you will be sharing your device information with 7 Minute Games. This non-sensitive device information, which may be combined with other non-personally identifiable information, specifically includes, but is not limited to, the following:
Device make, model and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio volume and battery;
Carrier;
Operating System;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a Consumer interacts with the Advertising Services;
Country, timezone and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Advertising Services; and
Identifier for advertisers (IDFA) or Identifier for publishers (IDFV)
Please note that companies delivering advertisements on our Services may use this information or other information to better target advertising.
Customer Support Correspondence
Except as provided herein, when you ask for help from our
Customer Support
team, we will collect and store the contact information you give them (generally, your name and e-mail address), and information about your game play or activity on our Services. We will also store the communications you have with the Customer Service team and any information in those communications in order to provide support and improve the Services.
How We Use the Information We Collect
The main use of the information we collect and store is to provide a better gaming experience, but there are other uses as well. The uses for which we collect and store your information include:
to operate, improve and optimize our Services and our players' experiences;
to create your game accounts and allow you to play our games;
to provide technical support and respond to player inquiries;
to protect the safety and well-being of our players;
to protect 7 Minute Games's rights and property in connection with our Services;
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and to enforce our
Terms of Service
;
to manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising;
to notify players of in-game updates, new products or promotional offers;
to conduct research.
How We Share Your Information
We may disclose or publish aggregated information (information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you, for example, players who live San Francisco using iPhones) and other non-personal information about our players for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, advertising, and other business purposes.
In addition, we may share your information with third parties (in other words, parties other than 7 Minute Games) or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services in the following circumstances:
Your Consent
With your consent, we may share your information with third parties or allow them to collect your information from our Services in some ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Advertising Including Tailored Advertising and Analytics
We have advertising on our Services so we can continue to offer many of our Services for free.
We do not actively share personal information with third-party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you give us your consent.
When advertisers or ad networks place ads in our Services, they may collect or we may share the following types of information from within our Services:
performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement);
aggregated and/or de-identified information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you (like players who live San Francisco on an iPhone);
certain technical information (for example, IP addresses, non-persistent device identifiers such as IDFAs);
and other contextual data about your game play (for example, your level and session length).
information collected may be used to:
measure how effective ads are, to offer you targeted advertising in order to personalize your experience by showing you advertisements for products and services that are more likely to appeal to you (a practice known as behavioral advertising), and/or
undertake web analytics (like Google Analytics which is used to analyze traffic and other player activity to improve your experience).
Please note, after clicking on a third party advertisement, you may no longer be on a site hosted by 7 Minute Games.
Safety, Security and Compliance with Law
Your information, and the contents of all of your online communications in our Services and between You and 7 Minute Games may be accessed and monitored as needed to provide our Service and may be disclosed:
when we have a good faith belief that we have to disclose the information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena);
to satisfy any laws or regulations that apply;
where we believe in our sole discretion that the Service is being used in committing a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to share information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and other security precautions;
when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person or the public generally; and
to protect the rights or property of 7 Minute Games and other applicable third parties, including to enforce our Terms of Service.
Sale or Merger
In the event that 7 Minute Games undergoes a business transition (including proposed transactions), like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part its assets (like selling a game), we may disclose or transfer all of your information, including personal information, to the successor organization in the transition. We will make reasonable efforts to let you and other players know (in the way described in Changes to Our Privacy Policy) of the business transition before transferring your personal information.
Privacy Policies of Linked Third-Party Services and Advertisers
Our websites and games may contain advertisements from Third-Party Services, which are companies other than 7 Minute Games that may link to their own websites, online services or mobile applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Third-Party Services. If you have any questions about how these Third-Party Services use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Our Policies Concerning Children
Our games are not made for children under the age of thirteen (13). We request that such individuals do not provide personally identifiable information through the Site or Advertising Services. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
How Long We Keep Your Information
How long we retain your information depends on why we collected it and how we use it. We will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements. For instance, we may retain some information for a few years after you have closed your account with us if this is necessary to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend or establish legal rights.
Security of Your Information
We implement security measures to help protect the security of your information both online and offline. We take steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These measures vary based upon the sensitivity of your information.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will tell you and other players by placing a notice on 7 Minute Games.com or its equivalent in-game, or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address we have on file for you prior to the change becoming effective. We may supplement this process by placing notices on game blogs, social network pages, and/or forums and on other 7 Minute Games websites. You should periodically check
www.7minutegames.com
and this privacy page for updates.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to
privacy@7minutegames.com
.