Privacy Policy and Notice at Collection
Effective Date: July 1, 2023
Below is our Privacy Policy. It is long, but worth the read as it explains how we use your personal information. At a high-level, we wanted to explain what personal information we process for Among Us and our website.
Among Us:
To protect our child users, we use your date of birth, country, and IP address to verify whether you are a child.
To create an account, we will collect your username, IP address, and email address. If you are a child user, we will send your parent’s email to Kids Web Services, so your parent can set your permissions regarding personal information for our game.
To link your account with another game platform account, we will use your username and online IDs, and in some cases, your IP address and email address.
If you buy something in-game, we may receive additional personal information to fulfill those purchases such as your name, address, and payment information.
If you are in a lobby when another user reports you for violations of our Terms of Use or other inappropriate conduct, your username, IP address, and gameplay information may be stored for moderation purposes.
If you reach out to us directly, we may use that information to help fix the problem you reported.
We do not collect any sensitive information from you, such as your precise geolocation, or sell or share your personal information for ads or profiling purposes.
Please do not put private information in your username or chat. Someone may use or save it even if we do not.
Website:
If you buy something on our website, we will use your name, postal address, telephone number, email address, payment information, and purchase history to fulfill those orders.
If you sign up for our marketing newsletter, we will use the email address you provide.
If you reach out to us directly, we may use the information provided to help fix the problem you reported.
Innersloth LLC, a Washington limited liability company (“
we
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” and their derivatives) provides websites, including
www.innersloth.com
and its subdomains (collectively, the “
Website
”), the videogame known as “Among Us” (the “
Game
”), and other online services (collectively, with the Website and the Game, the “
Services
”).
1
.
What does this Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy and Notice at Collection (this “
Policy
”) sets forth how we collect, use, protect, store, disclose, and otherwise process your Personal Information (defined below). Because we do not process any Personal Information for our videogames known as “Dig2China,” “Henry Stickmin Collection,” and “Among Us VR,” those games are not covered by this Policy. You should review Schell Games’
Privacy Policy
for more information about how it collects, uses, and shares the Personal Information it obtains and uses for “Among Us VR.”
This Policy also does NOT apply to information you provide to any third party or is collected by any third party (except as otherwise provided below).
By using our Services, you are confirming that you understand English well enough to understand this Policy. Should you have questions about this Policy, please contact us by emailing us at
privacy@innersloth.com
or mailing your questions to Innersloth LLC, PO Box 2532, Redmond, WA 98073, USA.
2. How do we process Children’s Personal Information?
A “
Child
” is a person under the age needed to consent to the processing of Personal Information in their country of residence (for example, 13 years old in the United States and between 13 and 16 years old in the European Union). Please see below for a summary of our practices with respect to the collection of Personal Information from Children and the use and disclosure of such information.
Quick-Chat Mode
If a user of our Game self-identifies or is identified by us as being a Child (each, a “
Child User
”), their gameplay experience will automatically be set to “Quick-Chat Mode,” unless the parent or legal guardian of the Child permits otherwise. Child Users in Quick-Chat Mode are restricted from communicating with or otherwise making their Personal Information publicly available to other users of our Game. Child Users will only be able to use a set of fixed phrases to communicate with other users in Quick-Chat Mode and will not have links to social media in our Game. Each of these features is designed to limit our access and the access of other users of our Game to the Personal Information of Child Users in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and its rules (“
COPPA
”).
Accounts
Child Users may register an account with us using a registration process similar to the one adults go through; however, in compliance with COPPA, Child Users will first be subject to a parental notice and verified parental consent process. To initiate the registration and consent process for a Child User, we collect a parent or legal guardian’s email address. We will automatically generate randomized usernames for registered Child Users, unless the parent or legal guardian grants the Child User permission to create a custom username.
Child Users using an Apple or Google family sharing account are not permitted to register another account with us and are subject to the most restrictive privacy settings in the Game.
Use and Disclosure
The Personal Information we collect from or about Child Users is used to give them access to certain features of our Game and communicate with a parent or legal guardian about the Child User’s registration, including for the purpose of verifying their information in connection with the registration. We do not share or otherwise disclose Child Users’ Personal Information, except (1) as may be necessary to protect the safety of a Child, including by disclosing their Personal Information, where appropriate, to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation related to public safety; (2) to enable us to take precautions against liability; (3) to protect the integrity, safety, and security of our Game; or (4) where required to do so by law or legal process.
We and the third-party service providers listed below may collect or maintain Child Users’ Personal Information through our Game. You should review their privacy policies linked below.
Kids Web Services
(a parental and legal guardian consent management provider);
Zendesk, Inc.
and
Keywords Studios Plc
(each a player support service provider);
ModSquad, Inc.
(a moderation service provider); and
Epic Games, Inc.
(in its capacity as a backend service provider (for example, for account management and linking)).
When a parent or legal guardian consents to permitting their Child User’s account to be linked with any of the below third party digital content stores and game platforms, we may receive such Child User’s Personal Information through our Game. You should review their privacy policies linked below.
Itch Corp.
;
Epic Games, Inc.
;
Google LLC
;
Microsoft Corp.
;
Apple Inc.
;
Valve Corp.
;
Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC
; and
Nintendo of America Inc.
Please contact us with questions about our service providers’ privacy policies and our collection and use practices by emailing us at
privacy@innersloth.com
with the subject line “Children’s Privacy” or mailing your request to Innersloth LLC, PO Box 2532, Redmond, WA 98073, USA.
At any time, a parent or legal guardian may review their Child’s Personal Information retained by us, require us to correct or delete such Personal Information, request that we delete their Child’s account, and/or refuse to permit us from further collecting or using their Child’s Personal Information by contacting us using the email or mailing address provided above. To protect parents and legal guardians’ privacy and security and the privacy and security of Child Users, we may require a parent or legal guardian to take certain steps or provide additional information, which we will keep strictly confidential, to verify their identity before we provide any information about the Child or take the requested actions.
Kids Web Services
Our Game is provided and operated by us. However, some functionalities of our Game, including the parent portal and contact with parents for purposes of obtaining verified parental consent and informing parents of their Child User’s online activities, are operated by Kids Web Services (“
KWS
”). You may contact Kids Web Services directly
here
or
privacy@kidswebservices.com
for any questions related to their use of Personal Information. KWS’s privacy policy can be found
here
.
Kids Web Services
is designed specifically to power kid-friendly registrations and digital experiences, as well as parental management tools, across the web and mobile ecosystem in compliance with the COPPA and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation). KWS is certified as COPPA-compliant by the kidSAFE Seal Program, an FTC-Approved COPPA Safe Harbor Program. The kidSAFE Seal Program is an independent safety certification service and seal-of-approval program designed exclusively for children-friendly websites and technologies, including child-targeted game sites, educational services, virtual worlds, social networks, mobile apps, connected products, and other similar interactive services and technologies. Click on the seal or go to
www.kidsafeseal.com
for more information. To learn more about COPPA, you may also consult this simple one-page informational guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program:
www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html
.
Kids Web Services is also a valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board’s Privacy Certified Program (“
ESRB Privacy Certified
”). To protect your privacy, Kids Web Services has voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative, and its services have been reviewed by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online information collection, use, and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy program, Kids Web Services’ services are subject to audits and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified.
3. What categories of Personal Information do we collect?
We may collect different types of information from you depending on how you use our Services, including Personal Information. “
Personal Information
” means information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person. The categories of Personal Information we may collect are listed below. Certain types of Personal Information may fall under more than one category.
Category
Personal Information
Purposes (see Section 6 below for additional purposes)
Identifiers
First and last name
– To fulfill merchandise purchases on our Website
– To respond to your or a parent or legal guardian’s inquiries
Postal address
– To fulfill merchandise purchases on our Website
Username
– To create an account for our Game
– To play our Game
– To link your Game account with another game platform account
– To monitor and respond to inappropriate or reported conduct in-Game
– To improve our Game
– To display your friends list in-Game
– To send invites to your friends to play our Game
Unique or online ID (such as an account ID, support ticket ID, or third party ID)
– To respond to your inquiries
– For parent or legal guardian verification
– To identify your permissions as a Child User
– To link your Game account with another game platform account
– To link your Game account to your other IDs
– To send invites to your friends to play our Game
Internet Protocol address
– To create an account for our Game
– To play our Game
– For key purchases
– To verify whether you are a Child User
– To respond to your inquiries
– To monitor and respond to inappropriate or reported conduct in-Game
– To respond to law enforcement requests
– To link your Game account with your Apple account
– To improve our Game
– To provide Game analytics
Device IDs and device information
– To provide an account for our Game
– To provide Game analytics
– To respond to your inquiries
– To improve our Game
Email address
– To create an account for our Game
– To fulfill merchandise purchases on our Website
– To market our Services when you sign up on our Website
– To respond to your inquiries
– For key purchases
– To support Itch Corp. users
– To allow a parent or legal guardian to manage privacy settings for their Child User
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Date of birth
– To verify whether you are a Child User
Commercial information
Payment information
– To fulfill merchandise purchases on our Website
– For key purchases
Purchase history
– To fulfill merchandise purchases on our Website
– To fulfill in-Game purchases across game platforms
– To respond to your inquiries
– To improve our Game
– To provide Game analytics
Internet or other similar network activity
Interaction with our Website
– To improve our Website
Gameplay information
– To improve our Game
– To play our Game
– To monitor inappropriate conduct in-Game
Geolocation data
Non-precise geolocation
– For key purchases
– To provide Game analytics
Zip code
– To fulfill in-Game purchases
– To respond to your inquiries
City
– To fulfill in-Game purchases
– To respond to your inquiries
State or country
– To fulfill in-Game purchases
– To respond to your inquiries
– To improve our Game
– To verify whether you are a Child User
Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
First and last name
– To fulfill merchandise purchases on our Website
– To respond to your or a parent or legal guardian’s inquiries
Postal address
– To fulfill merchandise purchases on our Website
Telephone number
– To fulfill merchandise purchases on our Website
Payment information
– To fulfill merchandise purchases on our Website
– For key purchases
Other
Information from the content that you share publicly in our Game through public functions or on our social media accounts (such as Discord, Twitch, TikTok, Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram)
– To play our Game
– To monitor inappropriate conduct in-Game
– To respond to your inquiries
– For community outreach
Information from the content that you send to us directly when you contact us or report a problem with our Services (including if you report a problem with another user)
– To respond to your inquiries
– To troubleshoot a problem with our Services
We do
not
knowingly or intentionally process any sensitive Personal Information.
We may also collect information that does not generally identify you but may become associated with your account. We may use information that does not identify you for any permissible business or operational purpose under applicable law.
4. From what sources do we collect Personal Information?
Directly From You
We may collect your Personal Information when you provide it to us directly, including the examples below.
When you open our Game, we may collect your date of birth.
When you create an account for our Game, we may collect your username and email address.
When you use the public functions in our Game or on our social media accounts (such as Discord, TikTok, Twitch, Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram), we may collect the information you choose to disclose.
When you sign up for our newsletter, we may collect your email address.
When you contact us or report a problem with our Services, we may collect your email address, first and last name, and records and copies of your correspondence.
When you respond to a survey or questionnaire, we may collect the information you provide.
Automatically From You
We may collect your Personal Information automatically as you use our Services. For example, we may collect your Personal Information as you interact with our Website or as you play our Game. For more information about our and third parties’ use of cookies and other automatic data collection technologies, and certain choices we offer to you with respect to them, please see Section 5 below.
From Third Parties
We may receive your Personal Information from or through third parties that help us provide or facilitate your access to our Services, including those listed below.
E-commerce and merchandising service providers such as Shopify Inc.
: For example, when you purchase merchandise from our merchandise Website, we may receive your first and last name, postal address, email address, phone number, purchase history, and payment information.
Player support service providers such as Zendesk, Inc.
: For example, when you contact us or report a problem with our Services, we may collect your email address, support ticket ID, and records and copies of your correspondence.
Digital content stores and game platforms such as those operated by Itch Corp., Epic Games, Inc., Google LLC, Microsoft Corp., Apple Inc., Valve Corp., Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC, and Nintendo of America Inc.
: Examples below.
When you link your account, we may receive your username from Epic Games, Google, Microsoft, Apple, Valve, Sony, or Nintendo, and your platform ID from Itch, Epic Games, Google, Microsoft, Apple, Valve, Sony, or Nintendo. In addition, we may receive your Internet Protocol address from Apple and your email address from Itch.
If you purchase in-Game content or features after linking your account, we may receive your purchase history from Itch, Epic Games, Google, Microsoft, Apple, Valve, Sony, or Nintendo. In addition, we may receive your zip code, city, and state or country from Google.
When you send invites to your friends to play our Game, we may receive your platform ID from Itch, Epic Games, Google, Microsoft, Apple, Valve, Sony, or Nintendo.
If you leave a review about our Game in the Microsoft Store, we may receive your device type, username, and country.
When you contact Google regarding a problem with our Game, we may receive your purchase history, zip code, state or country, and city.
To display your friends list or accept an invite from a friend to play our Game, we may receive the usernames of your friends from Epic Games, Google, Microsoft, Apple, Valve, Sony, or Nintendo.
Payment service partners such as Xsolla (USA), Inc.
: For example, when you purchase a key through
https://buy.among.us/
, we may receive your email address, non-precise geolocation, and payment information.
Backend service providers such as Epic Games, Inc.
: For example, when you create an account, we may receive your online and device IDs from Epic Games.
Analytic service providers such as Unity Technologies
: For example, when you install our Game, we may receive an online ID from Unity, excepting Child Users.
Diagnostic service providers such as Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry
: For example, when you install our Game, we may receive an online ID from Sentry, excepting Child Users.
Parental and legal guardian consent management providers such as Kids Web Services
: For example, if you are a Child User, we may receive your platform ID and date of birth from Kids Web Services.
Other users of our Game
: If a user reports to us that you are violating our Terms of Use by using offensive language in the public functions of our Game or are attempting to hack our Game, for example, we may collect the information provided by that user about you and create a report of your actions. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a Child User, we may receive your email address from your Child User.
We abide by this Policy when we use Personal Information provided to us by third parties. However, we may not control the Personal Information that third parties collect or how they use that Personal Information. You should review the third parties’ privacy policies for more information about how they collect, use, and share the Personal Information they obtain and use.
5. How do we and third parties use cookies and other automatic data collection technologies?
Cookies are small data file identifiers that are transferred to your computer or mobile web browser that allow us and third parties to recognize your browser or mobile device and transfer information about you and your use of our Services.
Our Cookies and Other Automatic Data Collection Technologies
We may use cookies and other automatic data collection technologies on our Services to collect Personal Information, including the examples below.
When you visit our Website, we may collect information regarding your interaction with our Website, including pages viewed.
When you create an account for our Game or play our Game, we may automatically collect your Internet Protocol address.
When you contact us or report a problem with our Services, we may collect your Internet Protocol address and device information.
When you are reported by another user in-Game, we may automatically collect your chat logs and past sanctions.
Third Party Cookies and Other Automatic Data Collection Technologies
Cookies and other automatic data collection technologies on our Services may come from third parties as listed below. These cookies and other automatic data collection technologies improve your experience by helping us better tailor our Services to you.
Shopify Inc.
: We may use Shopify, an e-commerce service offered by Shopify Inc., a Canadian corporation, with offices located at 151 O’Connor Street, Ground floor, Ottawa, Ontario, K2P 2L8. Shopify may use automatic data collection technologies to collect your Personal Information on our behalf to help us improve our merchandise Website (such as your interaction with our merchandise Website and Internet Protocol address). For more information about Shopify’s privacy practices, you can review its
Cookies Policy
.
Unity Technologies
: Excepting Child Users, we may use Unity Analytics, an analytics service offered by Unity Technologies SF, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, and Unity Technologies Finland OY, Kaivokatu 8 B, 00100 Helsinki, Finland. Unity may use automatic data collection technologies to collect Personal Information directly from your device and use this Personal Information to help us analyze your use of our Game. You should review Unity’s
Cookies Policy
, which includes instructions on how to restrict the collection of your Personal Information (such as your purchase history, Internet Protocol address, non-precise geolocation data, and certain gameplay information).
Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry
: Excepting Child Users, we may use Sentry, a diagnostics service offered by Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Sentry may use automatic data collection technologies to collect your Personal Information on our behalf to help us improve our Game (such as your Internet Protocol address, device information, purchase history, and game play information). For more information about Sentry’s privacy practices, you can review its
Privacy Policy
.
Xsolla (USA), Inc.
: We may use Xsolla, a payment service offered by Xsolla (USA), Inc. Xsolla may use cookies to collect your Personal Information on our behalf to help us with key purchases for our Game (such as your Internet Protocol address). For more information about Xsolla’s privacy practices, you can review its
Cookies Policy
.
Choices about Cookies
You may set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please note that, if you disable or refuse cookies or other automatic data collection technologies, some aspects of our Services may be inaccessible or not function properly.
6. For what purposes do we collect your Personal Information?
In addition to the purposes described above, we may collect your Personal Information for the below purposes.
To provide or improve our Services
: We may use your Personal Information to process your requests to access our Services and certain of their features and to generally present and improve our Services. For example, we may use your Personal Information to improve our Game.
To administer our Services
: We may use your Personal Information for any lawful business or operational purpose in connection with administering our Services. For example, if you reach out to us, we may use your Personal Information to respond to you or to troubleshoot a problem you reported having with our Services.
To market our Services
: We may use your Personal Information to market our Services to you. For example, with your prior consent, we may send you news and updates about our products and our Services.
In furtherance of legal and safety objectives
: We may access, use, and share with others your Personal Information for purposes of safety and other matters in the public interest. We may also provide access to your Personal Information to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings (e.g., in response to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal processes). We may also provide access to your Personal Information to protect our rights and property and those of our agents, users, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and our Terms of Use. For example, we may use your Personal Information to respond to inappropriate or reported conduct in-Game and to enforce user bans for our Game.
In connection with a sale or other transfer of our business
: In the event all or some of our assets are sold, assigned, or transferred to or acquired by another company due to a sale, merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, financing, bankruptcy, or otherwise, your Personal Information may be among the transferred assets.
As we may describe to you when collecting your Personal Information
: There may be other situations when we collect your Personal Information and simultaneously describe the purpose for that collection.
Lawful Basis
We only collect, use, or store your Personal Information for a lawful basis such as:
you voluntarily provide it to us with your specific, informed, and unambiguous consent (for example, when you sign up for our newsletter);
it is necessary to provide you with a Service that you have requested (for example, providing you access to our Game);
we have a legitimate business interest that is not outweighed by your privacy rights (for example, to respond to your inquiries); or
it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of others (for example, where necessary to protect the safety of one of our users or someone else).
7. In what situations do we disclose your Personal Information?
We may disclose your Personal Information to a third party, such as a service provider or contractor for a business or operational purpose, or with your consent. When we disclose Personal Information for a business or operational purpose, we enter into a contract with the service provider or contractor that describes the purpose and requires the service provider or contractor to both keep that Personal Information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. These service providers and contractors include our:
backend service providers such as Epic Games, Inc.;
e-commerce and merchandising service providers such as Shopify Inc., Dual Wield Studio LLC, and Penny Arcade, Inc.;
parental and legal guardian consent management providers such as Kids Web Services; and
player support and moderation service providers such as Keywords Studios Plc and ModSquad, Inc.
We may also disclose your Personal Information:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to our lawyers, consultants, accountants, business advisors, and similar third parties who owe us duties of confidentiality;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a sale, merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information retained by us pertaining to the users of our Services is among the assets transferred;
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, such as responding to a government or regulatory request;
to enforce any contract we may have in effect with you;
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others; and
if you have consented to such a disclosure.
We do
not
sell, rent, or share your Personal Information for cross contextual behavioral or targeted advertising, automated decision-making, or profiling purposes.
8. How is my Personal Information protected?
Our Retention, Purpose Limitation, and Security Policies
We protect your Personal Information through a combination of collection, security, and retention policies.
Limited retention
: We retain each category of Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the Personal Information was provided to us or, if longer, to comply with any legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce contracts. For example, we may retain Personal Information collected about you to prevent repeated violations or suspected violations of our Terms of Use if your account has been banned or your access to our Services has been disabled for any reason. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the Personal Information, the purposes for which we process the Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. For example, subject to the foregoing considerations, it is our policy to delete your Personal Information if we stop operating our Game or the feature through which the Personal Information was acquired.
Purpose limitation
: We will use your Personal Information only for our Services you choose to access and for the purposes notified to you, unless we otherwise obtain your consent. We limit the collection of Personal Information to what is adequate, relevant, and reasonably necessary for those purposes.
Security measures
: We use reasonable security measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the volume and nature of Personal Information processed and risk involved, considering the size, scope, and type of our business, and have implemented contractual, technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification, including industry-standard encryption for the transmitting of Personal Information (e.g., DTLS, TLS 1.2+, HTTPS) and industry-standard hashing techniques for the retention of Personal Information (e.g., SHA256+Salt). As part of our privacy compliance processes, we review these security procedures on an ongoing basis to consider new technology and methods as necessary. However, please understand that our implementation of security measures as described in this Policy does not guarantee the security of your Personal Information. In the event of a security breach, we will notify the proper regulatory authorities and any affected users of the breach within 72 hours after we become aware of the breach to the extent required by applicable law.
Your Practices and Activities
Your practices and activities are likewise very important for the protection of your Personal Information. You should take certain steps to help protect your Personal Information, such as being mindful of what you share publicly in our Game, including the below.
Do not use your real name when selecting a username.
Do not share your real name or anything private about yourself or anyone else with other users of our Game.
Do not pick a password that is easy to guess, and do not share your password.
Please remember that we have no control over what other users do with the content of your communications and no responsibility or obligation regarding other users.
9.
How do we treat Personal Information transferred to the United States?
Place of Business
We may store or process your Personal Information outside of the country where we collect the information or the country in which you reside. Our primary place of business is in the United States. You should understand that we may transfer some or all of your Personal Information to the United States to carry out certain operational and processing needs as described in this Policy.
Transfer Mechanisms
When transferring Personal Information out of foreign countries, we implement technical, organizational, and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information. We use European Commission approved standard contractual clauses and implement related measures where required by applicable law. Please contact us if you have questions related to the relevant transfer mechanism for your Personal Information.
10. What rights do you have to your Personal Information?
Right to Access, Correct, Delete, or Restrict Processing
Subject to any limitations and exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to request access to your Personal Information and exercise the below rights.
You have the right to correct or update certain types of Personal Information. In many cases, you can review or update your account information by accessing your account online.
You have the right to request deletion of your Personal Information. If you choose to have your Personal Information removed from our Services, we will carry out your request within 30 days of account verification, subject to extension, and we will only retain minimal Personal Information to document your request and the actions we took to carry out your request.
You have the right to restrict certain processing of your Personal Information and the right to object to some types of processing of your Personal Information.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding our collection, storage, or processing of your Personal Information with a data protection supervisory authority in the country where you live or work.
We will comply with your requests in accordance with, and subject to, applicable law. For example, we are not required to delete your Personal Information if we have an overriding legitimate ground for retaining that information, such as to prevent fraud. Please note that we are legally prohibited from carrying out requested actions in some instances, including (1) when we are unable to confirm your identity or (2) where doing so would adversely affect the rights or freedoms of others. Further, we are not required to carry out a requested action in some instances, including where the request is considered excessive.
We are Here to Help
Please email us at
privacy@innersloth.com
with the subject line “Privacy Request” or mail your request to Innersloth LLC, PO Box 2532, Redmond, WA 98073, USA if you would like to exercise any of the rights described above or if you have questions regarding your rights.
11.
Additional Notice for California,
Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Residents
California Online Privacy Protection Act
The following applies to California residents:
We do not track users of our Services over time and across third party websites or online services and therefore do not respond to Do Not Track signals. We are not aware of any third party that tracks users of our Services over time and across third party websites or online services. Please note that Do Not Track is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control, a legally recognized browser-based control that indicates whether you would like to opt out of the processing of your Personal Information for certain purposes.
California Shine the Light Law
The following applies to California residents:
California residents may request information from us concerning any disclosures of Personal Information we may have made in the prior calendar year to third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and you wish to request information about our compliance with this law or our privacy practices, please email us at
privacy@innersloth.com
with the subject line “California Shine the Light Law” or mail your request to Innersloth LLC, PO Box 2532, Redmond, WA 98073, USA.
State Privacy Laws
The following applies to California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia residents (in the event of a conflict between this Section 11 and any other section in this Policy, this Section 11 controls):
Right to Know and Access
: You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you the following, to the extent retained by us:
the categories of Personal Information we collected about you;
the categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you;
our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing that Personal Information;
the categories of third parties with whom we disclose that Personal Information;
the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also known as a data portability request); and
if we sold or shared your Personal Information, two separate lists disclosing (1) sales, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased, and (2) disclosures for a business or operational purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Right to Deletion
: You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers and contractors to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception under applicable law applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers or contractors to:
complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide our Services that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
help to ensure the security and integrity of our Services to the extent the use of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to those purposes;
debug our Services to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another user to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the Personal Information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided consent;
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with user expectations based on your relationship with us and compatible with the context in which you provided the Personal Information; or
comply with a legal obligation.
Right to Correction
: You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the inaccurate Personal Information, taking into account to the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes of the processing of the Personal Information.
No Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights under applicable law. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not:
deny you our Services;
charge you different prices or rates for our Services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
provide you a different level or quality of our Services; or
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for our Services or a different level or quality of our Services.
Verifiable Consumer Requests
To exercise your rights described above, please email us at
privacy@innersloth.com
with the subject line “State Privacy Rights” or mail your request to Innersloth LLC, PO Box 2532, Redmond, WA 98073, USA. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. The verifiable consumer request must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative; and
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the Personal Information relates to you. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the receipt of verifiable consumer request, unless you request a longer period of time for Personal Information we collected about you after January 1, 2022. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
To appeal a decision regarding your verifiable consumer request, please submit your appeal using one of the two methods above. Your appeal should include an explanation of the reason you disagree with our decision. Within 60 days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable, easy-to-understand, and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
12. How will we notify you of changes to this Policy?
We reserve the right to change this Policy from time to time consistent with applicable law. If we make changes to this Policy, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Policy and provide you with additional notice such as an in-Game notice or email notification.
In the event that any changes we make to this Policy affect Child Users in a way that requires prior parental consent under COPPA, we will obtain such prior parental consent.
1
3.
How can you contact us?
If you have questions, you may email us at
privacy@innersloth.com
or mail your questions to Innersloth LLC, PO Box 2532, Redmond, WA 98073, USA.
If you are a law enforcement agency, please email us at
privacy@innersloth.com
with your request for Personal Information with the subject line “Law Enforcement Request” or mail your request to Innersloth LLC, PO Box 2532, Redmond, WA 98073, USA.
Have a question about Innersloth, merch, or fan art?
See FAQs
Be the first one to know when we launch new stuff.
Email Address
Subscribe
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://schellgames.com/among-us-vr-privacy-policy:
We use cookies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from.
I agree
I decline
Change my preferences
Navigated to undefined
Privacy Policy and Notice at Collection
Effective Date: February 13, 2024
This Privacy Policy has been translated into the following languages, accessible below:
Spanish (LA)
German
French
Italian
Korean
Japanese
Chinese (HK)
Chinese (PRC)
Schell Games LLC (the “
Schell,
” “
we,
” “
us,
” or “
our
”) is committed to privacy and data protection. This Privacy Policy and Notice at Collection (“
Privacy Notice
”) applies to personal information we collect from you, through our interactions with you, through the videogame known as Among Us VR (“
AUVR
”), as well as how we use and protect personal information. You may download a copy of this Privacy Notice at
https://schellgames.com/among-us-vr-privacy-policy.
YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO US. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY NOTICE TO LEARN ABOUT THE INFORMATION THAT SCHELL COLLECT FROM YOU AND HOW SCHELL USES THAT INFORMATION. BY USING AUVR, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY NOTICE. IF YOU HAVE NOT DONE SO ALREADY PLEASE REVIEW THE AUVR TERMS OF USE AT
https://www.innersloth.com/among-us-vr-terms-of-use/.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICE, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE AUVR.
INNERSLOTH LLC (“
INNERSLOTH
”) OWNS AUVR AND ENGAGES SCHELL GAMES LLC TO DEVELOP, HOST, AND PROVIDE PLAYER SUPPORT FOR AUVR. THAT MEANS INNERSLOTH DOES NOT COLLECT, RECEIVE, SHARE, OR PROCESS ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU FROM AUVR. HOWEVER, IN THE EVENT THAT SCHELL’S BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP WITH INNERSLOTH ENDS, SCHELL WILL TRANSFER PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, THAT SCHELL RETAINS AT THE TIME OF SUCH TRANSFER, TO INNERSLOTH FOR YOUR CONTINUED, UNINTERRUPTED USE OF AUVR. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO SUCH TRANSFER, DO NOT USE OR PLAY AUVR.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. SCOPE
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION
3. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
4. PERSONAL INFORMATION RETENTION
5. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
6. HANDLING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
7. ACCESSING, UPDATING, AND DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION
8. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY AND PARENTS
9. THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (“GDPR”)
10. YOUR STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
12. QUESTIONS OR COMPLAINTS HANDLING
NOTICE AT COLLECTION
1. SCOPE
This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third-party applications or software that integrate with AUVR, or any other third-party products, services or businesses (collectively, “
Third Party Services
”). Third Party Services are governed by their own privacy policies. We recommend you review the privacy policy governing any Third Party Services before using them.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to any service that does not display, reference, or link to this Privacy Notice. If you have not done so already, please also review the applicable Terms of Use as well as any additional terms and conditions relating to any services you acquire (“
Additional Terms
”). This Privacy Notice and Additional Terms apply equally but, if any Additional Term is inconsistent with any provision of this Privacy Notice, the Additional Terms will prevail for AUVR to which the Additional Terms apply.
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION
Below are some examples of the personal Information and sensitive personal information we may collect through AUVR. Some of this information is provided by you directly, some of the information is collected through your interactions with AUVR. There may be some overlap between the personal information in each category:
Identifiers and personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Such as a real name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Protected Classification Characteristics and sensitive personal information.
Such as age (40 years or older), sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression). Schell only collects Protected Classification Characteristics and sensitive personal information to understand the diversity and demographics of its users.
Protected Classification Characteristics may include the following sensitive personal information:
gender and sexual orientation information
Commercial information.
Such as records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Sensory data.
Such as audio or similar information.
Geolocation data.
Such as physical location or movements. Schell does not collect precise geolocation data.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Such as profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We also obtain data from third parties or use third parties to assist us with data collection. For example, we may supplement the data we collect as described in this Section by purchasing demographic data from other companies. We also use services from other companies to help us determine a location based on your IP address notably to customize certain services to your location. In addition, we utilize third-party services to collect usage data.
3. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We will only use personal information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use personal information in the following circumstances.
Where we need to
perform the contract
we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is
necessary for our legitimate interests
(or those of a third party), and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we receive your
consent
.
Where we need to
comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
.
We will only use personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process personal information about you without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
We also use personal information when necessary for the
performance of a contract
in the following contexts:
To provide AUVR and ongoing support for AUVR;
To set up and maintain your account with us;
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Notifying you about changes to the AUVR Terms of Use or Privacy Notice
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Responding to your questions and inquiries
We use personal information for the following purposes based on our
legitimate interests
:
To communicate with you;
To administer and protect our business and AUVR including troubleshooting, data analysis, security, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting, technical functionality, hosting of data, and in the context of a business reorganization or group restructuring exercise;
To prevent and investigate fraud and other misuses of AUVR and maintain the safety of our customers;
To use data analytics to improve AUVR, marketing, client relationships and experiences;
To communicate with you, including promotional communications, suggestions and recommendations to you about products or services that may be of interest to you and customer relationship management (“
CRM
”);
To help us run our company, for example to improve AUVR or our security, train staff or perform marketing activities, including CRM; or
For accounting and other administrative purposes.
We may also use your personal information under limited circumstances where we receive your
consent
. For example, where you have consented to being recorded while using voice chat in AUVR.
We may also use personal information when necessary to
comply with legal obligations.
Examples of how we collect and use personal information include:
When you download and register for AUVR.
We use data to carry out your transactions with us and to provide AUVR. Often, this includes personal information such as email, name, and Meta Quest, Steam, Discord, or other gaming platform ID. We may collect additional information from you when you register to use AUVR, including contact information and credentials. We may use this data to diagnose and address problems and provide other services.
When you play AUVR.
We use data to continually improve AUVR, including adding new features or capabilities. Data is collected throughout your interactions with AUVR that enable us to understand customer usage and tailor future capabilities.
We track general, non-personalized information (e.g., operating system and type of device being used) to know how you utilize specific areas of AUVR so that we may improve those services. We may use your IP address to customize services to your location, such as the language displayed on AUVR.
To facilitate our understanding of how individuals use AUVR. Schell uses this information to better understand how users interact with AUVR and improve usability.
Please note that we use IP addresses on a highly restrictive basis to analyze trends and to collect general information for aggregate use.
We may also use data collected through game play to monitor compliance with the AUVR Player Behavior and Code of Conduc, available att
https://www.innersloth.com/code-of-conduct/
and Terms of Use available at
https://www.innersloth.com/among-us-vr-terms-of-use/.
When you voice chat with other players.
With your consent, we may record your voice during game play when you use your device microphone for voice chat. Some of these voice recordings may be sent to our third-party voice moderation provider Modulate, Inc. You may find out more about how Modulate collects, stores, and uses personal information by accessing its privacy policy available at:
https://www.modulate.ai/privacy-and-data.
We are not responsible for monitoring or recording any activity on or communications made through Among Us VR; although, we may do so in order to investigate violations of or enforce our agreement with you, moderate voice chat conversations, or to protect our rights and property, or the rights of our partners and our users.
You may revoke your consent to voice recording at any time on the “Settings” screen in Among Us VR.
When we communicate with you.
We use data we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means to notify you of changes in information and updates to AUVR or to our Privacy Notice.
We may collect the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback or questions you ask our support representatives, when necessary to provide you with AUVR. When you contact us, chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded in order to improve AUVR, facilitate the processing and resolution of your request or complaint.
When you participate in survey’s or studies.
We may ask you to participate in a survey or study; and may request information from you. Participation is voluntary, and you have the choice of whether to disclose any requested information.
When we market to you.
We use personal information to deliver marketing communications to you across various platforms, such as email, direct mail, social media, and online via AUVR.
If we send you a marketing email, it will include instructions on how to opt out of receiving these emails in the future. For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please visit the Accessing, Updating, and Deleting Personal Information Section of this Privacy Notice. Please remember that even if you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we may still send you important Service information related to your accounts.
4. PERSONAL INFORMATION RETENTION
We retain each category of personal information in identifiable form only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the personal information was provided to Schell or, if longer, to comply with legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce agreements and similar essential purposes. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
5. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
It is the policy of Schell to protect users’ information both online and off-line. Access to our users’ information is restricted to only those employees or agents, contractors or subcontractors of Schell who have valid reasons to access this information to perform any Service you have requested or authorized, or for any other purpose described in this Privacy Notice.
The information you provide will not be sold or rented to third parties or shared for cross contextual behavioral advertising purposes.
We may provide personal information to:
our affiliates and subsidiaries, located in and outside your country or region;
outsourced service providers who perform functions on our behalf, located inside or outside of your country or region;
gaming platform providers through which you have purchased our game, such as Steam and Meta;
our authorized agents and representatives, located inside or outside of your country or region, who sell products or provide services on our behalf;
anyone expressly authorized by you to receive personal information; and
anyone to whom we are required by law to disclose personal information, upon valid and enforceable request thereof.
Schell may share personal information if Schell or one of its affiliates is involved in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control (in whole or in part). Schell requires that the shared personal information remain subject to the promises made in the then-current Privacy Notice, unless and until you agree to a new privacy terms.
We will access, disclose and preserve personal information when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal processes, including from law enforcement or other government agencies, upon valid and enforceable request thereof;
maintain the safety of our customers and users, including to prevent violations of our
Code of Conduct
, available at
https://www.innersloth.com/code-of-conduct/
; or
operate and maintain the security of AUVR, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
For residents of the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) and United Kingdom (“
UK
”), Schell will disclose personal information only when permitted to do so under applicable UK, European and EU Member States’ national data protection laws and regulations.
Please note that AUVR may direct you to services of third parties whose privacy practices differ from ours. If you provide personal information to any of those services, your data is governed by their privacy statements or policies. Schell and its affiliates are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites. Please review the privacy policies for these websites to understand how they process your information.
Business Purpose Disclosures
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed personal information to the following third-parties for a business purpose.
Gaming and Platform Providers:
Personal information may be processed by the platforms through which you have purchased AUVR, such as Meta and Steam (“
Platform Providers
”). We do not store or have access to your payment information and do not control and are not responsible for the Platform Providers or their collection or use of personal information. You may find out more about how the Platform Providers collect, store, and use personal information by accessing the privacy policy for the Platform Provider’s services.
Analytics Providers:
Personal information may also be processed by Unity Technologies, our third-party analytics provider. Unity Technologies collects and processes usage data and other metrics concerning your use of AUVR, such as session length, daily play time, and game performance, on our behalf. You may find out more about how the Unity Technologies collects, stores, and uses personal information by accessing its privacy policy available at:
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Marketing preferences:
If you have provided us with your contact information, we may, subject to any applicable Spam Act or similar regulation, contact you via email, postal mail or telephone about Schell products, services and events that may be of interest to you, including our newsletter.
E-mail communications you receive from Schell will generally provide an unsubscribe link allowing you to opt-out of receiving future e-mail or to change your contact preferences. Please remember that even if you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we may still send you important Service information related to your accounts and subscriptions.
You can generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (DAA) by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org
) and DAA website (
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
).
You can also request changes to your account and marketing preferences by emailing Schell at privacy@schellgames.com.
6. HANDLING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security of Personal Information
Schell is committed to protecting the security of personal information. Depending on the circumstances, we may hold your information in hard copy and/or electronic form. For each medium, we use technologies and procedures to protect personal information. We review our strategies and update as necessary to meet our business needs, changes in technology, and regulatory requirements.
These measures include, but are not limited to, technical and organizational security policies and procedures, security controls and employee training.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account credentials for AUVR. Schell will treat access to AUVR through your account credentials as authorized by you. Unauthorized access to password-protected or secure areas is prohibited and may lead to criminal prosecution. We may suspend your use of all or part of AUVR without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that information you provided to us is no longer secure, please notify us immediately using the contact information provided below.
If we become aware of a breach that affects the security of personal information about you, we will provide you with notice as required by applicable law. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Schell will provide any such notice that Schell must provide to you at your account’s email address. By using AUVR, you agree to accept notice electronically.
Storage and Transfer of Personal Information
Personal information collected by Schell may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States or in any other country where Schell, its affiliates or contractors maintain facilities. We take steps to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Notice is processed pursuant to the terms thereof and the requirements of applicable law wherever the data is located.
Schell also collaborates with third parties such as cloud hosting services and suppliers located around the world to serve the needs of our business, workforce, and customers. In some cases, we may need to disclose or transfer personal information within Schell or to third parties in areas outside of your home country. When we do so, we take steps to ensure that personal information is processed, secured, and transferred according to applicable law.
If you would like to know more about our data transfer practices, please contact our Legal Department at privacy@schellgames.com.
7. ACCESSING, UPDATING, AND DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may request access to, deletion of, or to correct an error or omission in personal information about you by contacting us at privacy@schellgames.com or write us at: Schell Games LLC, Attention: Privacy Inquiries, 220 W Station Square Drive, Pittsburgh, PA 15219. We will make good faith efforts to resolve requests to correct inaccurate information except where the request is unreasonable, requires disproportionate technical effort or expense, jeopardizes the privacy of others, or would be impractical. Residents of some jurisdictions may have additional rights concerning personal information; please see Section 8 – “The General Data Protection Regulation” and Section 9 – “Additional State Rights and Disclosures for California Residents (Your California Privacy Rights)” regarding these rights.
California Shine the Light Law:
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and you wish to make such a request, please send an email with “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line to privacy@schellgames.com or write us at: Schell Games LLC, Attention: Privacy Inquiries, 220 W Station Square Drive, Pittsburgh, PA 15219.
8. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY AND PARENTS
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under 13 in the United States or under the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions where the child is located. However, we may collect technical information required for delivering the service and for the support of our internal operations from all users of AUVR. Consistent with the requirements of the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, if we learn that we received any information directly from a child under age 13 without his or her parent’s verified consent, we will use that information only to inform the child (or his or her parent or legal guardian) that he or she cannot use AUVR.
Parental Access Rights: If parents believe that we have unintentionally collected their children’s personal information or otherwise used their children’s personal information for another purpose, they may contact us via the
Questions or Complaints Handling
section below.
We recognize the special need to protect the personal information of children. We strongly encourage parents to guide their children to never give out their real names, addresses, phone numbers, or other personal information without parental permission, when online. We also recommend that parents familiarize themselves with parental controls available on consoles, mobile telephones, tablets, headsets, and other devices they provide to their child and accompany their child when online. Parents should contact Schell immediately if they have any concerns. Please see the
Questions or Complaints Handling
section below for further details.
California Minors:
While AUVR is not intended for anyone under the age of 18, if you are a California resident who is under age 18 and you are unable to remove publicly-available content that you have submitted to us, you may request removal by contacting us at: privacy@schellgames.com. When requesting removal, you must be specific about the information you want removed and provide us with specific information, such as the URL for each page where the information was entered, so that we can find it. We are not required to remove any content or information that: (1) federal or state law requires us or a third party to maintain; (2) was not posted by you; (3) is anonymized so that you cannot be identified; (4) you don’t follow our instructions for removing or requesting removal; or (5) you received compensation or other consideration for providing the Content or information. Removal of your content or information from AUVR does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information from our systems or the systems of our service providers. We are not required to delete the content or information posted by you; our obligations under California law are satisfied so long as we anonymize the content or information or render it invisible to other users and the public.
9. THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (“GDPR”)
Residents of the EEA and UK may be entitled to other rights under the GDPR. These rights are summarized below. We may require you to verify your identity before we respond to your requests to exercise your rights. If you are entitled to these rights, you may exercise these rights with respect to personal data (as defined in the GDPR) that we collect and store:
the right to withdraw your consent to data processing at any time (please note that this might prevent you from using certain aspects of AUVR);
the right to access personal data about you;
the right to request a copy of personal data about you;
the right to correct any inaccuracies in personal data about you;
the right to erase personal data about you;
the right to data portability, meaning to request a transfer of personal data about you from us to any other person or entity as chosen by you;
the right to request restriction of the processing of personal data about you; and
the right to object to processing of personal data about you.
You may exercise these rights free of charge. These rights will be exercisable subject to limitations as provided for by the GDPR. Any requests to exercise the above listed rights may be made to: privacy@schellgames.com. If you are an EEA or UK resident, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a Data Protection Authority about how we process personal data about you at the following website:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
International Transfers of Personal Data
Whenever we transfer personal data out of the EEA or UK, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by using a solution that enables lawful transfer of personal data to a third country in accordance with Article 45 or 46 of the GDPR (including the European Commission Standard Contractual Clauses).
For additional information on the mechanisms used to protect personal data, please contact us at privacy@schellgames.com.
10. YOUR STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS
State consumer privacy laws may provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of personal information. The following Section applies to individuals who reside in specific jurisdictions that provide additional privacy rights, including
California and Virginia.
Your Rights and Choices
Right to Access Specific Information and Data Portability Right.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of personal information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we disclosed personal information for a business purpose, the business purpose for which personal information was disclosed, and the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Right to Correct Information.
You have the right to request we update personal information about you that is incorrect in our systems.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information about you that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) the personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right to Opt-out of the sale or sharing of Personal Information for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising
.
We do not sell or share personal information.
Right to Limit Sensitive Personal Information Use.
You have the right to limit the use of sensitive personal information regarding you.
Non-Discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the access, data portability and deletion rights described above, please complete and email us a copy of this Verifiable Consumer Request Form to
privacy@schellgames.com
or submit a request using our webform, both available at
https://schellgames.com/verifiable-consumer-access-and-deletion-request-form
.
To appeal a decision regarding a consumer rights request, please submit your appeal using one of the three methods above. Your appeal should include an explanation of the reason you disagree with our decision. Within 60 days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions.
Only you, or a person registered with the an applicable Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to personal information about you. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make such a request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response electronically. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide the personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may update this Privacy Notice based upon evolving Laws, regulations and industry standards, or as we may make changes to our business including AUVR. We will post changes to our Privacy Notice on this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Notice when you use AUVR to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, Schell will provide additional notice, such as via email or through AUVR. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Notice, you should discontinue your use of AUVR.
12. QUESTIONS OR COMPLAINTS HANDLING
We understand that you may have questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices or may wish to file a complaint. In such case, please contact us in one of the following ways:
Email: privacy@schellgames.com
Phone:  +1.412.390.0101
Mail: Schell Games LLC
Attention: Privacy Inquiries
220 W Station Square Drive
Pittsburgh, PA 15219
Edit Cookies Preferences
Sub-policy 1
https://sentry.io/privacy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Back to all legal docs
Business Associate Amendment
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Version
/legal/privacy/3.3.1/
of This Agreement was created on
May 31, 2024
.
Read what has changed
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sentry collects, discloses, and uses personal information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you visit our website at sentry.io (“
Site
”), use our products and services (“
Service
”), or otherwise interact with us (e.g., by attending an event or communicating with us). If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Site or Service or interact with any other aspect of our business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data submitted to the Service (“
Service Data
”). A separate agreement (“
Customer Agreement
”) governs delivery, access, and use of the Service, including the processing of Service Data. With respect to any personal information included in Service Data, the organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“
Customer
”) controls its instance of the Service and any associated Service Data. If you have any questions about a Customer’s instance of the Service and any associated Service Data, please contact the Customer.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Table of contents
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
What does Sentry do?
Sentry offers an application monitoring solution designed to identify, monitor, and alert developers to errors, bugs, and other performance issues that are occurring in their applications.
For more information about Sentry, please see the “About Us” section of our Site at
https://sentry.io/about/
.
Return to top
What personal information does Sentry collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide
We collect information about you when you input it into our Site or the Service or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and profile creation
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For example, you may provide your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, and password when you register for the Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Service, including marketing and notification settings.
Sign in via other platforms
Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with other platforms (currently Google, Github, or Azure Devops). We will not collect the password that you use for the relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the platform, such as username and email address.
Requests and inquiries
You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with our Service and send us screenshots to help in resolving the problem. You may submit your contact information to register for our events, to subscribe to receive marketing communications from us, or to make an inquiry through our Site. You may also provide content to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake, activity, or event, including via social media and other content platforms.
Purchases
If you register for a paid Service, we will collect purchase information, such as the Service plan that you purchase and information related to refunds, credits, and cancellations, and your billing address and payment information. Please note that any payment information you provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no access to and do not store your payment information.
Information that we collect from your device and usage
We collect certain information about your device and how you and your device interact with us and our Site or Service. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (together, ”
Europe
”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect will include information such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, operating system, software installed on your device, product keys, general location information (such as inferred from an IP address), and referring URL.  We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with our Site or Service or with us via email, including the pages you accessed, features you used, Service you purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Information that we obtain from third-party sources
From time to time, we receive personal information about you from third-party sources (including social media and other content platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners and service providers).
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email addresses, job titles, and social media profiles. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, deliver personalized communications, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Return to top
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Service, including system administration, system security, and adding new features or capabilities;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer care and support services;
Communicate with you about the Service, products, offers, surveys, events, content, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site and Service and our communications to you;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Sentry and others, and comply with legal requirements;
Personalize and improve the Site and Service and provide advertisements, content, and features that match your profile and interests, and remember information about your preferences for the Site and Service;
Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other activities; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and others.
Return to top
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are based in Europe, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable European laws. This means we collect and process your information only where:
We need it to provide the Site or Service, including to register you as a new user, operate the Site or Service, provide technical support, and to protect the safety and security of the Site or Service;
It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote the Service and to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms;
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or subpoenas; or
You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing laws).
The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies. When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before it is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, see
“Your data protection rights”
below. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Service.
Return to top
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Affiliate companies
who help operate and improve our Site and Service (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site and Service), offer other Sentry affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal information for the purposes described in this policy. The protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Third-party services providers
who provide hosting, storage, support, payment processing, billing, communication, analysis, and other services to us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access or use information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Third-party go-to-market partners
who provide referral, sale, resale, or similar go-to-market services. We may disclose your information, like your name, email address, and job title, in connection with their services. We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third-party analytics partners
to provide analytics services. These entities may use Cookies in the same way we do, to among other things, track and analyze data, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party platforms
when you, your administrator or other Service users choose to install or enable third-party apps, add-ons or other platforms for use with the Service. Doing so may give the providers of those platforms access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address, and any content you choose to connect with those platforms. Please note that when you use third-party platforms, your use will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
Any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
An
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
Any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Return to top
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to understand and save your preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Site and Service interaction.
We may also allow certain third parties (e.g., service providers such as Stripe) to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Site or Service. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider’s websites. You can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of our Site and Service may be affected.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Return to top
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet, or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to or from Sentry may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Return to top
International data transfers
In some cases your personal information is transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Site and Service are hosted in the United States and Germany, and our affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the world, including in the United States, Canada and Europe. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of Europe and Switzerland, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” from the European Commission and Swiss Federal Administration, and “adequacy regulations” from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers of personal information between our group companies and with our third-party service providers will be safeguarded.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the
“Data Privacy Framework”
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the U.S.  We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles for all information about you that is received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We have also self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the
“Data Privacy Framework Principles”
) for all information about you that is received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles will govern.
As required under the Data Privacy Framework, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view Sentry’s certification, please see the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related) complaint and we commit to resolve any such complaint. We have further committed to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, a U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint from us, or if you are not satisfied with our response to your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Return to top
Data retention
We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).  In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual’s rights and property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The criteria we use to determine the retention period include:
How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service or operate our business?
This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control, such as in your Sentry dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal information at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal information of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
Is Sentry subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Return to top
Your data protection rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.  To exercise any of them see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing
communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you or otherwise following the directions in the emails.  You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing communications through the subscription settings in your account.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
.) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Return to top
Children’s privacy
Sentry’s Site and Service are not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction’s age of majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.
Return to top
Third-party websites
The Site and Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies other than Sentry, such as to relevant online resources, social media platforms, our partners’ websites, payment processors, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Return to top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this policy.
Return to top
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact by sending us an email at
compliance@sentry.io
.
The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Return to top
Supplemental notice for California residents
The Supplemental notice for California residents can be found
here
.
Return to top
A peek at your privacy
Here’s a quick look at how Sentry handles your personal information (PII).
×
Who we collect PII from
We collect PII about people browsing our website, users of the Sentry service, prospective customers, and people who otherwise interact with us.
What if my PII is included in data sent to Sentry by a Sentry customer (e.g., someone using Sentry to monitor their app)? In this case you have to contact the Sentry customer (e.g., the maker of the app). We do not control the data that is sent to us through the Sentry service for the purposes of application monitoring.
Am I included?
PII we may collect about you
PII provided by you and related to your
Account, profile, and login
Requests and inquiries
Purchases
PII collected from your device and usage
PII collected from third parties (e.g., social media)
Tell me more
How we use your PII
To operate our site and service
To protect and improve our site and service
To provide customer care and support
To communicate with you
For other purposes (that we inform you of at collection)
How exactly?
Third parties who receive your PII
We may disclose your PII to the following type of recipients:
Subsidiaries and other affiliates
Service providers
Partners (go-to-market, analytics)
Third-party platforms (when you connect them to our service)
Governmental authorities (where necessary)
An actual or potential buyer
What do they do?
We use cookies (but not for advertising)
We do not use advertising or targeting cookies
We use necessary cookies to run and improve our site and service
You can disable cookies but this can impact your use or access to certain parts of our site and service
How can I choose?
Know your rights
You may have the following rights related to your PII:
Access, correct, and update
Object to or restrict processing
Port over
Opt-out of marketing
Be forgotten by Sentry
Withdraw your consent
Complain about us
What can I do?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Sentry, please email us at
compliance@sentry.io
.
If you are a California resident, see our
Supplemental notice
.
Read the full policy