Privacy Policy
(Last updated 21st June 2024)
Welcome
Welcome to Pathway. We hope that you will enjoy and appreciate using our “Services”, which include (i) visiting our website at
https://www.pathway.md
, including all subdomains, present and future (the “Website”); and (ii) using our “Platform”, which provides our users (each, a “User”) with access to a vast library of medical resources and literature. The Platform is available on the Website and via our “Application”, which refers to our app for iOS or Android called Pathway. You are accessing the Application using the handheld or tablet device onto which you have downloaded the Application (the “Device”) or visiting the Website on any type of device with a web browser.
Pathway takes your privacy and the security of personal data very seriously. We are providing this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) to tell you about who we are, what personal data we collect from you and about you, and what we do with your personal data, all while you use the Services or otherwise interact with us. The Policy also explains your rights under applicable law and how you can contact us and the necessary authorities to enforce your rights. We ask that you please read it carefully.
Key Elements of this Policy
Here are the key elements of this Policy so that you can know the important parts right away to make an informed decision about your consent for our collection, use and disclosure of your personal data. By submitting personal data to us via any means, you consent to such collection, use and disclosure. You can find the details in the rest of the Policy.
Personal data we collect from you but only with your consent
What we do with it
Third parties we share it with
Website Contact Information
Respond to your inquiry and communicate with you
Companies that provide the technical infrastructure for the Website; companies that provide our CRM and analytics services and companies that manage our email and communications
User Account Information
Create a Platform account for you, communicate with you about your account, control your access to the Platform and enhance your use of the Platform. Create a profile of you (a “User Profile”), in order to personalize the content and advertisements available to you on the Platform
Companies that provide the technical infrastructure for the Services; companies that provide our CRM and analytics services; companies that manage our email and communications; our advertisers, healthcare advertising service providers and third-party market survey service providers; the Healthcare Communications Network (HCN)
User Billing Information
Process your payment for your subscription to the Platform
Our payment processor
Market Survey Information
Analyse your survey responses. Use your survey responses in order to augment your User Profile
Companies that provide the technical infrastructure for the Services; our advertisers; third-party sponsors that commission surveys on our Platform
Continuing Medical Education (“CME”) Accreditation Information
Allow you to collect and redeem CME credits through your use of the Platform
Companies that allow us to provide joint accreditation and who report and accredit your CME credits to the appropriate governing body
DEFINITIONS
Before we get started with the details, here are a few terms we think you should know as you read this Policy.
“Data Protection Laws” refers to the laws that are designed to protect your personal data and privacy in the place where you live. Pathway is committed to adhering to all applicable Data Protection Laws. The Data Protection Laws include:
The “GDPR”, the European Data Protection Law which stands for “General Data Protection Regulation”, with the official name Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council;
The “UK GDPR” which applies to our activities in the United Kingdom; please note that when this Policy refers only to the “GDPR”, this includes the UK GDPR, as applicable;
“PIPEDA” (Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act), which is the Canadian Data Protection Law that applies to our activities in Canada;
Quebec's
Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector (the “Quebec Privacy Act”) as amended by Law 25, that applies to our activities in Quebec;
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act which applies to our activities in the United States in certain circumstances; and
Other state privacy laws in the United States, specifically those which are currently in force in Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia.
“Personal data” – this is information we collect from you or about you and which is defined in the GDPR as “any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.” It can be as simple as your name or your email, or something more complicated like an online identifier (usually a string of letters and / or numbers) that gets attached to you. Under PIPEDA, the Quebec Privacy Act and the CCPA, the equivalent concept is “personal information”, which is roughly the same. For example, the Quebec Privacy Act defines “personal information” as “any information which relates to a natural person and allows that person to be identified either directly or indirectly.” Any mention of “personal data” in this Policy will also mean personal information.
About Us and Contacting Us
Pathway Medical Inc. (“Pathway”), who owns and operates the Website, the Application and the Platform, is a Canadian corporation located in the province of Quebec, Canada, with an office at the address listed below. Where this Policy refers to “Pathway”, it may refer to Pathway and / or its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, partners, principals, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively “Representatives”), depending on the context. Any reference to “we”, “our”, or “us” in this Policy shall also refer to Pathway. In this Policy, a Website visitor, a User or any other individual for whom we hold personal data may be referred to as “you” or “your”.
Under the GDPR, Pathway is a “data controller”. That means we collect personal data directly from you and determine the purpose and means of “processing” that data. “Processing” is a broad term that means the collection, use, storage, transfer or any other action related to your personal data; it is used in this Policy in that way. Under PIPEDA, Pathway is an “organization” and under the Quebec Privacy Act, Pathway is an “enterprise”. PIPEDA uses the phrase “collection, use and disclosure” and the Quebec Privacy Act uses “collects, holds, uses or communicates to third parties” as the approximate equivalent to the “processing” of the GDPR. When we use “processing” in this Policy, you can substitute either of the Canadian or Quebec law phrases.
If you want to ask us anything about
what's
in this Policy, or anything else privacy- or data- related, or exercise any of your available privacy rights, you can contact:
Pathway Privacy and Data Protection Officer
privacy@pathway.md
Your Rights
You have the following rights regarding your personal data held by Pathway, and other privacy rights. Please note that not necessarily all of these rights may be available to you; this depends on the Data Protection Laws where you are located that apply to you. These rights may be exercised without affecting any prices or costs charged by Pathway, if any, in connection with our Services. However, please note that exercising certain of these rights may affect your ability to use some or all of the Website or the Platform.
The right to withdraw your consent for Pathway to process your personal data at any time;
The right to have your personal data erased from
Pathway's
records, and to have your name de-indexed if we link to any information about you (which we currently do not);
The right to access your personal data and any relevant information around its processing and use;
The right to have a copy of your personal data given to you in an easy-to-read format so that you can transfer it to any data controller or data processor or other third party;
The right to have your personal data corrected or updated if you believe it is inaccurate or out of date;
The right to opt out of email communications we send you, at any time;
The right to know whether Pathway shares your personal data (and if so, who gets it). Please refer to that information elsewhere in this Policy, though you can contact our Privacy and Data Protection Officer if you need additional information or clarification;
The right to demand that Pathway not sell your personal data. Please note that Pathway does not sell your personal data;
The right to restrict the processing of your personal data if it is inaccurate or if our processing or use of it is against the law; and
The right to refuse any marketing or advertising targeted at you by Pathway.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact our Privacy and Data Protection Officer at the contact information above or refer to certain relevant sections further in this Policy.
Limited Personal Data Collected from You and What We Use It For
Pathway limits the amount of personal data we collect to what is necessary and appropriate for the identified purposes. We will not use or disclose your personal data for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with your consent or as permitted or required by applicable law.
In the table below, please find all the personal data we may collect from you directly, what we use it for and the legal basis under the GDPR for us having and processing this personal data. Under PIPEDA, the Quebec Privacy Act and the CCPA, the legal basis is your informed consent and by submitting this personal data you acknowledge having granted this consent to Pathway.
Personal data category
Personal data processed
What we use it for (the “purpose” of processing)
Legal basis for processing under the GDPR
Website Contact Information
Your name and email address
To communicate with you and to respond to your inquiries
Your consent in giving us this information
User Account Information
Your name and email address, occupation, affiliated organization or institution, medical specialty, the country where you live and, depending on where you live, your medical license number or equivalent (such as your NPI)
To create a Platform account for you, to communicate with you about your account, to control your access to the Platform and to enhance your use of the Platform. To create your User Profile in order to personalize the content and advertisements available to you on the Platform
Your consent in giving us this information; performance of a contract between you and us
User Billing Information
Credit card holder name, credit card number, expiration date, CVV/CVC number, country and postal code/zip code
To process your payment for your subscription to the Platform
Performance of a contract between you and us
Market Survey Information
Your name and email address. Any personal data that you may provide in response to a market survey question
To improve the Platform. To enhance your User Profile in order to personalize the content and advertisements available to you on the Platform
Your consent in giving us this information
CME Accreditation Information
Your name, affiliated organization or institution and your medical license number or equivalent (such as your NPI)
To allow you to collect and redeem CME credits through your use of the Platform
Your consent in giving us this information
User Profile
We use your User Account Information and combine it with the data categories listed below in order to create your User Profile. The collection of data in your User Profile will be referred to throughout this Policy as your “User Profile Data”. Creating your User Profile allows us to personalize the content and advertisements available to you on the Platform and on third-party websites and applications. For example, if we believe that a User is a dermatologist, based on the data compiled in their User Profile, that User may be served additional dermatology content on the Platform or they may view advertisements that promote products or medications specific to the dermatology field on the Platform, in our emails or on third-party websites and applications. Personalization is an essential part of our Services and therefore, the legal basis for our creation and processing of your User Profile is the performance of a contract between you and us.
The data categories listed below are not considered personal data on their own – however, to the extent that we combine this data with your User Account Information to create your User Profile, the aggregation of data to create an individualized User Profile is considered personal data under Data Protection Laws. We regularly update your User Profile from time to time.
Platform Engagement:
We automatically collect and store information about your use of and interaction with the Platform, such as your engagement with particular content (which content may include our medical resources and literature, advertisements and sponsored content from advertisers), the links that you click, the emails that you open, your Platform search and viewing history, the time and location of your access to the Platform, and the answers that you provide in response to market surveys presented to you on the Platform.
Advertising Engagement:
Through the use of cookies and tracking technology, we also collect and store information about your interaction with advertisements on third-party websites and applications.
Cross-Device Tracking:
We and our service providers collect and store data about
Users'
interactions with unaffiliated websites and apps via cookies and similar tracking technologies. This data collection and storage allows us to infer the presence of a single User behind multiple Devices. We engage in this practice in order to (i) provide personalized advertising on each Device that we infer to be accessed and used by the same User; (ii) allow a User to access the Platform on one Device and pick up where they left off on another Device; and (iii) limit the number of times a User is shown the same advertisement across multiple Devices.
Additionally, in order to reinforce our personalization activities, through the use of User Profiles, we classify Users into different groups or segments, using algorithms and machine-learning. This classification helps us to compare Users with similar backgrounds or preferences and to identify patterns in User behaviour, which allows us to recommend better content or advertisements to our Users. Similarly, we may provide aggregated information from User Profiles to third parties that we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. For example, we may tell an advertiser what percentage of Users specialize in a particular clinical field.
Personal Data Collected About You from Third Parties and What We Use It For
Sometimes we get personal data about you from third parties, or the third party collects it on our behalf and uses it. This table explains the details about this personal data – what it is, where it came from, what we do with it, and the legal basis for us having and processing this personal data under the GDPR. Under PIPEDA and the Quebec Privacy Act, the legal basis for our collection, use and disclosure of this personal data is your informed consent, and by submitting such personal data to third parties, you agree that you have granted such consent.
Personal data category
Personal data collected by the third party
Who collects the personal data
What we and/or the third party use it for (the “purpose” of the processing)
Legal basis for processing under the GDPR
User Profile Data
Your NPI and any other personal data that you may have submitted to a member of the Healthcare Communications Network (HCN)
HCN Members (For more information on our relationship with the HCN, please refer to the following section and our Terms of Use)
To verify and enhance your User Profile in order to personalize the content and advertisements available to you on the Platform. To verify your professional credentials
Performance of a contract between you and us
User Account Information
Certain Google, Apple or Microsoft account information
Google, Apple or Microsoft
To allow you to log in to the Platform via a third-party account; to control your access to the Platform
Your consent in sharing this information with us
In addition, to the extent that analytics and advertising identifiers are generated from third parties, these may be considered personal data collected from third parties and you can find details about those further below in this Policy.
Sensitive Personal Data
We do not collect any of what the Data Protection Laws consider sensitive personal data from you when you use the Services, unless you voluntarily submit it to us, which we encourage you not to do.
We particularly urge you not to submit sensitive personal data to our Pathway AI tool.
Who We Transfer Your Personal Data To
We only share some of your personal data with third parties who are identified in the table further below in this section, along with what they do with it. We will share personal data with law enforcement or other public authorities if: (1) we are required by applicable law in response to lawful requests, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (2) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, or any violation of the
Platform's
Terms of Use; (3) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding situations that involve abuse of the Website or Platform infrastructure or the internet in general (such as voluminous spamming or denial of service attacks); or (4) we are required to under any applicable law. We may also share personal data: (1) to a parent company, subsidiary, joint venture or other company under common control with Pathway (in which case we will require such entity to honour this Policy); or (2) if Pathway merges with another entity, is subject to a corporate reorganization, sells or transfers all or part of its business, assets or shares (in which case we will require such entity to assume our obligations under this Policy or inform you that you are covered by a new privacy policy).
Some of these third-party recipients may be based outside your home jurisdiction. If you are in the European Economic Area or the U.K., please see the “Transfer of Your Personal Data Outside of the European Economic Area” further down in this Policy for more information, including on how we safeguard your personal data when this occurs. If you are in Quebec, please see the “Transfer of Your Personal Data Outside of Quebec” section further down in this Policy for information on how we safeguard your personal data when this occurs.
We will never share your personal data with other third parties except under these circumstances. We do not sell or rent your personal data to any third party for direct marketing purposes or any other purpose.
Personal data category
Who we transfer it to
What they do with it
Website Contact Information
Companies providing technical infrastructure for the Website; Companies that provide us with CRM and analytics services; and Companies that help us to manage our mailing list and to send out emails
Store the information; keep it for record-keeping purposes; send you emails as detailed in the Email Communications section below
User Account Information
Companies providing technical infrastructure for the Website, the Application and the Platform; Companies that provide us with CRM and analytics services; Companies that help us to manage our mailing list and to send out emails; and The Healthcare Communications Network (HCN)
Store the information; keep it for record-keeping purposes; send you emails as detailed in the Email Communications section below
User Billing Information
Our payment processor
Process your payment for your subscription to the Platform
Market Survey Information
Companies providing technical infrastructure for the Website, the Application and the Platform; and Our advertisers and other third-party market survey service providers
Store the information; keep it for record-keeping purposes; deliver advertisements to you and targeted, interest-based content related to their products and services; use it to inform product development and to develop relevant messaging in connection with such products
CME Accreditation Information
Companies that allow us to provide joint accreditation for content that you interact with on the Platform
Report and accredit your CME credits to the appropriate governing body
User Profile Data
Our healthcare marketing service providers; Our advertisers, which may include pharmaceutical companies and medical device manufacturers; Companies that provide online advertising networks, such as Google and Facebook; and The Healthcare Communications Network (HCN)
Share it with advertisers; deliver advertisements to you and targeted, interest-based content related to their products and services; show you advertisements for Pathway and the Services, and other content that we and the advertising networks believe may interest you, when you are on the internet, as further detailed in the Pathway Advertising section below
Analytics identifiers and related information including IP address
Companies that provide data analytics for the Platform, the Website and the Application, as detailed in the Limited Gathering of Information section below
Provide us with analytics as to how the Platform, the Website and the Application are used and to trace fraudulent activities, as further detailed in the Limited Gathering of Information section below
Advertising Identifiers
Companies that provide online advertising networks, such as Google and Facebook
Show you advertisements for Pathway and the Services, and other content that we and the advertising networks believe may interest you, when you are on the internet, as further detailed in the Pathway Advertising section below
Healthcare Communications Network (HCN)
As detailed in the Terms of Use, creating an account on the Platform automatically includes registration with the HCN. As a result, your User Account Information and User Profile Data will be disclosed to HCN, its affiliates and its members. Their use and processing of your personal data is addressed in the HCN privacy policy, available here:
https://HCN.health/privacy-policy/
.
Email Communications and Compliance with Anti-Spam Laws
We manage our own mailing list with the assistance of certain third-party email service providers (the “Email Service Providers”) to send out our newsletter and to email Users regarding the Services, their account, updates to our Application and new product releases. Personal data is transferred to the Email Service Providers in order for the emails to be sent out properly. The Email Service Providers do not use your personal data for any other purpose and will not transfer or sell your personal data to any other third party.
Please note that our emails may include advertisements and other promotional materials from third-party sponsors. Additional information about our advertising practices, including how to opt out of receiving advertisements personalized for you, can be found in the Pathway Advertising section.
You may unsubscribe to stop receiving email communications from us at any time, by following the link at the bottom of Pathway emails. Other types of emails, such as those related to your User account, will not include an opt-out provision, as they are essential for the use of our Services.
Pathway's
email practices are designed to be strictly compliant with anti-spam laws, including, but not limited to, the law unofficially called “CASL” or
Canada's
Anti-Spam Law (S.C. 2010, c. 23) and the American CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. If you believe you have received any email from Pathway in violation of these laws, please contact our Privacy and Data Protection Officer using the contact information further up in this Policy.
Pathway Advertising and Opting Out
Pathway's
provision of the Platform relies largely upon our relationships with advertisers and our use of and connection to various advertising networks. We share your User Profile Data with our advertisers and advertising networks in order to optimize the advertisements, sponsored content and commercial messages that you see on the Platform and on third-party websites and applications. With your consent, we engage in cross-app advertising, which enables the sharing of your User Profile Data across our Platform and other third-party websites and applications. In addition to Platform subscription fees, these advertising practices enable us to offer our exceptional Services and to make our comprehensive library of medical literature available to Users. This section details our advertising practices, how we use and share your User Profile Data and how you can opt out of the targeted, interest-based, cross-app advertising practices described in this section.
Our Advertisers
When you are exposed to an advertisement or other sponsored content via the Platform, including through emails, we may provide details from your User Profile, such as your name and medical specialty, to the applicable advertiser. We may also provide such advertisers with details about your engagement with the advertisement (e.g., whether you viewed or how you interacted with certain content) and your answers to any questions contained in
advertisers'
market surveys. Please review the privacy policies of any advertisers whose content you view on the Platform in order to familiarize yourself with their practices.
All advertisements delivered via the Platform, including through emails, will be identified to you by the label Advertisement, Information from Industry, Sponsored or some similar designation indicating that the content, which may pertain to a particular medical condition, therapy, product or service, has been selected by one of our third-party advertisers.
You can opt out of targeted, interest-based, cross-app advertising by rejecting cookies as described below and through the cookie banner on the Website. Please note that even if you reject cookies and opt-out of targeted, interest-based, cross-app advertising on the Website, you will continue to receive generic advertisements via the Platform. On your Device, you can control targeted, interest-based advertising on the “Privacy and Security” page of your iOS Device or Android
Device's
settings. Note that the default settings on your Device (whether iOS or Android) do not allow for targeted, cross-app advertising. These settings will not prevent you from seeing advertisements, but will limit the use of Device advertising identifiers to personalize ads based on your interests.
Advertising Networks
Pathway is continuously evaluating and modifying our use of various advertising networks, which may change from time to time. All advertising networks provide you with instructional webpages on how to opt out of or decline their targeted, interest-based, cross-app advertising. For example, Meta (Facebook) allows you to adjust your Ad Preferences settings while logged in to Facebook. You may also opt out of or decline advertising by refusing or deleting the appropriate cookie, as described further in this Policy. Generally, these advertising networks work by delivering you advertisements that will be of particular interest to you when you use their websites, apps, or services, based on your browsing and activity history interacting with the Website and the Platform (including advertisements that you see or interact with on the Platform). Certain advertising networks use your email address that you submit to us to match with their own version of your user profile in order to better target advertising to your preferences, a practice called email retargeting. By visiting the Website, using the Platform or submitting your email address to us, you consent to our advertising to you in the ways described in this section, understanding that you can generally opt out any time. If opting out, we also suggest clearing your browsing history and deleting all cookies.
Limited Gathering of Information for Statistical, Analytical and Security Purposes
Pathway automatically collects certain information using certain “Third-Party Analytics Programs” to help us understand more about our Website visitors and Users and how they use the Website, the Application and the Platform, but none of this information identifies you personally, except via an alphanumeric string. For example, each time you visit the Website, the Application or the Platform, we automatically collect (as applicable) your IP address, browser (including referral URL) and computer or Device type, location information, access times, the web page from which you came, the web page(s) or content you access, and other related information. In connection with our advertising activities (as detailed above), we also collect your advertising ID, which is a unique user-resettable identification number for advertising, associated with a mobile device. We use information collected in this manner as generally described in this Policy and to better understand your needs and the needs of Website visitors and Users in the aggregate. Pathway also makes use of information gathered for statistical purposes to keep track of the number of visits to the Website, the Application and the Platform and the specific pages visited on the Website and the Platform, with a view to introducing improvements to the Services and our activities.
Your IP address and other relevant information we collect using the Third-Party Analytics Programs may be used in order to trace any fraudulent or criminal activity.
Tracking Technology (
"Cookies"
) and Related Technologies
Pathway uses tracking technology (“cookies” and related technology such as tags, pixels and web beacons) on the Website and the Platform. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer or Device when you visit a website, in order to track the use of the website and to improve the user experience by storing certain data on your computer or Device. By visiting or using the Website or the Application, you agree to their use, but only if you explicitly consent to such use, according to the cookie banner presented to you when you visit the Website or via the options presented to you when you download the Application.
Specifically, we use cookies and related technologies for the following functions:
to facilitate online advertising and content personalization, as described above in this Policy;
to provide general internal and user analytics and to conduct research to improve the content of the Website, the Application and the Platform and to monitor the performance of the Website and the Platform using Third-Party Analytics Programs as described above in this Policy;
to facilitate your use of your account when you are a logged-in User;
to facilitate payment processing; and
to assist in identifying possible fraudulent activities.
Our advertisers might also use their own cookies or other tracking technologies in the advertisements delivered to you on the Platform.
We may include social widgets within the Platform that enable you to interact with the social media platforms affiliated with such widgets (for example, to share an article from the Platform to LinkedIn). These widgets collect browsing data that may be received by the social network platform. You can adjust your privacy preferences to permit or prohibit such collection of browsing data with the applicable social network platform.
Your browser can be set to refuse cookies or delete them after they have been accepted and stored. You can refer to your
browser's
help section for instructions, but here are instructions for the most commonly used browsers and operating systems:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Edge
Opera
Apple Safari
iOS
Android
Please note that deleting or refusing cookies may reduce your user experience on the Website and the Platform and that deleting cookies may prevent certain functions from working at all. However, please also note that browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on certain types of advertising (for example, as in the dermatology scenario described in the User Profile section above).
How the Application Accesses Your Device
The following is a complete list and description of what functions on your Device that were developed by third parties are accessed and / or modified by the Application. Unless otherwise specified, these permissions apply to both the iOS and Android versions of the Application. Where noted, these will function with explicit user permission only. You acknowledge that denying explicit permission may affect or reduce your user experience with the Application.
External Storage
– The Application may access the
Device's
external storage to store system files needed for the Application to work effectively.
Notifications
- The Application may send you notifications (user permission only).
Wi-Fi Connection Information
- The Application may retrieve network connectivity and speed information from your Device.
Uninstall of the Application
You may uninstall the Application; uninstall methods may vary depending on your Device or iOS or Android version. Pathway has no control over the uninstall function and denies any responsibility for your use thereof.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
We have implemented strict technical and organisational procedures for ensuring that, by default, only personal data which are necessary for each specific purpose of the processing are processed by us . These procedures prevent your personal data from being lost or used or accessed in any unauthorised way.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable supervisory authority of a suspected data security breach where the Data Protection Laws require us to do so and within the time frame required by the applicable Data Protection Law(s).
Pathway uses only industry best practices (physical, electronic and procedural) in keeping any data collected (including personal data) secure. In addition, we use third-party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to operate the Services, and these third parties have been selected for their high standards of security, both electronic and physical.
Finally, all information, including personal data, is transferred with encryption using Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) or Transport Layer Security (“TLS”), robust security standards for internet data transfer and transactions. You can use your browser to check
Pathway's
valid SSL security certificates on the Website and the Platform.
Transfer of Your Personal Data Outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the U.K.
For our European users, we cannot commit to keeping your personal data inside the EEA or the U.K. (as applicable), since we and our data processors are located in countries outside the EEA and the U.K. However, the countries where we and our data processors are located are limited to countries with particular circumstances that protect your data, specifically:
Canada. We may transfer personal data to our operations in Canada, but Canada has been determined to have an “adequate level of protection” for your personal data under European Data Protections Laws.
The United States. Your personal data is only transferred to companies in the United States (including our data hosting service provider) that: (1) have signed agreements with us or have informed us that they are GDPR-compliant; and (2) have concluded the Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data outside the EEA and the U.K.
You do have the right, however, to refuse to have your data transferred outside the EEA or the U.K. Please contact our Privacy and Data Protection Officer to make that request. Please note that making this request will prevent you from using the Platform and may prevent you from accessing certain parts of the Website.
Transfer of Your Personal Data Outside of Quebec
For our Quebec Website visitors and Users, we endeavour to keep your personal data in Quebec. However, certain of our third-party service providers are in other provinces or countries where your personal data may be transferred. When this happens, we do the following to safeguard your personal data:
We will perform what the Quebec Privacy Act calls an “Assessment of the privacy-related factors” (what is generally called a “Privacy Impact Assessment,” or “PIA”) prior to the personal data leaving Quebec. If the PIA does not meet our standards and the standards required by the Quebec Privacy Act, we will not transfer your personal data to such a service provider; and
If the PIA allows us to transfer the personal data to such a service provider outside Quebec, we will sign what is generally called a “Data Processing Agreement,” or DPA, with the service provider, which protects the personal data transferred to them and limits their use of it to what we have contracted with them to do. This DPA will adhere to the requirements of the Quebec Privacy Act.
Supervisory Authorities and Complaints
If you are in the EEA or the U.K., under the GDPR, you have the right to make a complaint to the appropriate supervisory authority. If you are not satisfied with the response received or the actions taken by our Privacy and Data Protection Officer, or if you would like to make a complaint directly about
Pathway's
data practices, we invite you to contact the supervisory authority in your country.
If you are in the U.K., you should contact the Information
Commissioner's
Office who is the supervisory authority. You can reach them in a variety of ways, including by phone (0303 123 1113 in the UK) and mail (Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF). If you are in France, you should contact the Commission Nationale de
l'Informatique
et des Libertés which is the supervisory authority there. Their contact information can be found here.
The full listing of all Data Protection Authorities (the supervisory authorities) across the EEA can be found here.
If you are in Canada and you are not satisfied with the response received or the actions taken by our Privacy and Data Protection Officer, you can make a complaint to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. Instructions on how to do so can be found on their website. If you are in Québec, you can make a complaint to the Commission
d'accès à l'information
, with the instructions for contacting them on their website.
Data Retention
Your personal data will only be kept for as long as is necessary for the purpose needed for that processing. For example, we will delete your User Account Information upon termination of your account.
We may have to keep your data for a longer period of time to satisfy our requirements under any applicable law, including anti-spam laws, or to protect our legal interests.
In some cases, where permitted by the Data Protection Laws, we may keep personal data that has been anonymized, for our legitimate business purposes.
Automated Decision-Making
Pathway does not use any automated decision-making processes with regard to your personal data in providing the Services.
Children's Privacy Statement
The Services are only intended for persons who are 18 years old for a resident of a Canadian province or the age of majority in any other country.
The Data Protection Laws have various age limits as to the minimum age required for us to hold personal data about an individual. We do not knowingly collect any personal data from a child under those minimum ages. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal data from a person under the minimum ages through the Website or the Platform, we will delete such information from our records.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
The date at the top of this page indicates when this Policy was last updated. Every now and then, we will have to update this Policy and we will update it no less than once every 12 months. You can always find the most updated version at this URL. We will always post a prominent notice on the Website and the Application if we make significant changes and use reasonable efforts to contact you if we have your contact information, for example, if you are a User.
Thanks for reading! Please keep your personal data safe; we promise to do the same.
Pathway Medical Inc., 2024.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://hcn.health/privacy-policy/:
Peer-influenced content. Sources you trust. No registration required. This is HCN.
Trending Topics:
DIET & NUTRITION
PATIENT EDUCATION
OBESITY/WEIGHT MANAGEMENT
EXERCISE/TRAINING
LEGAL MATTERS
GUIDELINES/RECOMMENDATIONS
Healthcare Communications Network Privacy Policy
Quick links
Quick links
The Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Protect Your Information
How We Disclose Your Information
Managing Your Information
Data Privacy Rights
Additional Rights for California Residents
International Citizens
Children
Contact Us
Last updated: March 01, 2025
This privacy notice (“Notice”) will inform you about the types of personal, behavioral, and other information that the Healthcare Communications Network (“Network,” “we,” “our,” or “us”), which is operated by DMD Marketing Corporation (an IQVIA business), collects, uses, and discloses about you from our Network member websites, as well as any information that we process through our own website, which is available at:
https://hcn.health/
.
Each website maintained by the members of the Network will have its own privacy policy that applies. You should review any additional privacy policies to understand how they affect any information that you provide or is collected at that website. The Network itself, and IQVIA Inc. (“IQVIA”) in particular, are not responsible for the policies or actions of individual Network members regarding the information you provide to them or how they use it.
The Information We Collect
We may collect information that can be used to identify you, and other personal information you voluntarily submit, as part of a registration process at a Network member’s website. This may include your name and email address. We may also collect information as a result of your interaction with any Network member’s website, an IQVIA client (“Client’) website, or any communication received directly or indirectly from us. This means we may collect information from you through multiple locations, not just the website through which you initially register. We may also collect information through our own website, including your name, email address, organization name, and other information that you choose to provide.
The information we may collect automatically, on or through, Network member websites, or Client websites, includes your Internet protocol (IP) address, user agent strings, and page visits. If we identify that you are accessing Network or Client websites through multiple devices, we will associate each such device with your profile.
We may use cookies, pixels, web tags, beacons, or similar technological devices to identify users and/or their computer(s) or mobile device(s) in order to keep track of users’ interactions with Network member websites, Client websites, and communications with us.
We do not collect or process your sensitive data or consumer health data.
We may disclose, share, or sell for our business and commercial purposes any of the categories of data we collect (as elaborated on in the “How We Use Your Information” and “How We Disclose Your Information” sections below).
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To identify and verify your professional medical status by checking your information against the information listed on available databases, including those made available by the American Medical Association, the NPPES NPI Registry, and/or state licensing boards.
To analyze activity data at an aggregate and/or individual level to personalize and enhance your experience while interacting with Network member websites, Client websites, and across the various communication channels you use to receive professionally relevant information.
To identify individuals who visit a Network member website, a Client website, or an IQVIA website. Personal information, such as the email address, of an individual or group of individuals who meet targeting criteria might be shared with Network members or Clients so that relevant advertising or marketing communications can be delivered. In certain cases, such as social media websites, a proprietary file from the website that identifies these individuals might be shared with Network members or Clients so that relevant advertising or marketing communication can be delivered.
To allow us or our Clients to deliver the type of content and services that we believe may be of interest to you as a health care professional.  Such content might be delivered to you as an email, an advertisement on a website, a promotional item on a social media platform, a face-to-face interaction (such as via a Client’s sales representative), or an advertisement delivered via a connected television platform or other connected device. Such content will be targeted to your professional experience and/or interests, based on your professional activities and/or other information we have collected or are otherwise able to access.
To establish your online account and authenticate you during login at any website that provides medically relevant information.
To share your engagement information with the sponsor(s) of the medically relevant programs with which you interact.
To determine your geographical location in order to exclude non-U.S. participants.
To offer you services through our website.
For analytics and interest-based advertisements (also known as targeted advertising) (as described below in the “How We Disclose Your Information” section below).
We do not use your personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce a legal or similarly significant effect concerning a consumer.
How We Protect Your Information
We have established and implemented reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative procedures designed to safeguard and secure the personal information we collect and maintain online. Additionally, we do not retain personal information longer than is necessary for us to achieve the purposes for which we collected it. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee the security of information that is transmitted over the Internet or stored on our servers.   Any information you provide to us, whether directly, or through a Network member or Client website, is at your own risk.
Please note that we do not have any control over, or responsibility for, information you provide to or through Network member, or Client websites.  Those websites are not managed by IQVIA. Any concern you may have regarding how a particular Network member or Client website protects personal information should be directed to that specific Network member or Client.
How We Disclose Your Information
We may disclose, share, or sell any of the information described in “The Information We Collect” (see above) to third parties in the below circumstances. Please note that, under some jurisdictions’ privacy laws, our disclosure of personal information to third parties for our business purposes may constitute a “sale”.
Verification.
Although all Network and Client communications are designed to be professionally relevant to health care professionals, certain information, products, and services we provide only to specific types of medical professionals. To ensure that we are delivering the information, products, and services as may be required by law, guidelines (e.g., Certified Medical Education and PDMA) or contract, we may share your information with third-party sources to verify your eligibility to receive the content.
Network Members.
The Network exists to allow members to share relevant information, including visitor’s personal information, with one another. We may disclose your personal information to any/all members of the Network for their own purposes and subject to their individual privacy policies.
IQVIA Client.
We may disclose your personal information with any/all clients of IQVIA who provide healthcare products or services.  IQVIA clients are granted the right to use this personal information for communication, advertising, or analytics purposes, geared to your profession or professional interests.
Analytics Providers
. We partner with certain third parties to obtain the automatically collected information discussed above and to engage in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting.  These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device. In particular, our website uses
Google Analytics
to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed above. You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics
here
.
Interest-based Advertising (or Targeted Advertising).
We enable third-party tracking advertisers to collect information about you and your computing devices for use in online interest-based advertising.  For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited our website to target online ads to you.  In addition, our third-party advertising networks might use information about your use of our website to help target advertisements based on your online activity in general.  For information about interest-based advertising practices, including privacy and confidentiality, visit the
Network Advertising Initiative website
or
the Digital Advertising Alliance website
. The use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this Notice.  If you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer or other device, you may set your browser to block cookies.  Additionally, you may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting out
here
, or of companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance by opting out
here
.  Although our website currently does not respond to “do not track” browser headers, you can limit tracking through these third-party programs and by taking the other steps discussed above.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, each of which may use your personal information consistent with this policy.
Service Providers.
We may disclose your personal information to service providers (e.g., analytics companies) in order for them to perform services for us.
Enforcement of Rights/Security.
We may disclose your  personal information (i) when we believe we are required to do so (e.g. we have received a subpoena), (ii) when we believe it is necessary to protect and/or enforce the rights, property interests, or safety of IQVIA, Network members, our users, clients, or others, or (iii) as we deem necessary, for example, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, prevent fraud, and otherwise enforce the privacy notice and other user agreements.
Reorganization or Sale of the Company.
In the event that we are merged with or become part of another organization, we are sold, we sell all — or substantially all — of our assets, or we are otherwise reorganized, the information we maintain, including your personal information, will be one of the assets licensed, sold or otherwise transferred.
As Otherwise Allowed by Law.
We may disclose or transfer personal information to third parties where we are expressly authorized by applicable law to do so.
Other commercial purposes.
We may choose to rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, or sell your personal information to another business or third party in return for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Managing Your Information
If you choose to provide your personal information to a Network member, Client, and/or IQVIA, you have certain rights to opt out:
You may opt out of a Network member using your personal information by following the opt out instructions on that specific website.
You may opt out of IQVIA using your personal information by sending an email with your specific request, along with your name, email address, and NPI number (if available), to
privacyofficer@iqvia.com
. We may ask you for additional information to authenticate your request.
You may opt out of receiving email communications from IQVIA, a Network member, or a Client by utilizing the unsubscribe mechanism found in the email you received. This will remove you from the email list for that specific program or campaign.
You may remove the cookies, pixels, beacons, or similar devices that may communicate information to us. To remove these devices, please follow the instructions provided by the manufacturer of your browser.
You may remove any tags we use by clearing the cookies and the cache of your browser. Please follow the instructions provided by the manufacturer of your browser for these operations.
Depending on your data privacy choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
Data Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of a jurisdiction with an applicable data privacy law, you may have certain rights available to you in relation to your personal data or personal information. These rights may include:
The right to access your personal information (including a data portability request);
The right to correct or amend any personal information we have on file about you;
The right to delete your personal information;
The right to limit the use of your “sensitive” personal information;
The right to opt-out of the sale or “sharing” of your personal information;
The right to opt-out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes;
The right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (such as for direct marketing purposes);
The right to restrict or opt-out of the use of your personal information for certain automated decision-making (including profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects); and
The right to revoke your consent (to the extent applicable);
To exercise any of the rights listed above, please contact us via email at
privacyofficer@iqvia.com
or fill out this
form
. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible and within the timeframe required under applicable law. Prior to complying with your request, we will first verify your identity by comparing the information you provide with the information we have on file for you.
We will allow you to appeal any decision we make in response to your request to exercise a data privacy right in accordance with applicable law. Appeals may be submitted to
privacyofficer@iqvia.com
with the subject line “Appeal of Decision Related to Privacy Rights Request.”
Additionally, you may authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf. To designate an agent, please provide a written and signed document by both you and the agent that authorizes the agent to act on your behalf. You may also use a power of attorney. We will still require you to provide information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information.
Additional Rights for California Residents
If you are a resident of California, please review our
State-Specific Rights
for additional rights that may apply to you.
International Citizens
The Network and our website are only intended for U.S. residents.  We do not intend to provide information about products and services to individuals who are not based in the US. IQVIA does not knowingly send communications to, or track web activity for, medical professionals who are not based in the United States, and utilizes reasonable measures, including technical measures, which are designed to identify recipients who are located outside of the U.S.  Nevertheless, in the event you are located outside of the U.S., you consent to the processing of your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice.
The information that we collect through or in connection with our services is transferred to and processed in the United States for the purposes described above. We may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, affiliates or third parties in the United States or countries other than your country of residence. The data protection laws in these countries may be different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence. By using our services or by providing any personal or other information to us, you expressly consent to such transfer and processing.
Children
Content on our site is directed at individuals over the age of 18 and is not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to modify this privacy notice at any time without notice.
Contact Us
IQVIA Inc.
Attention: Privacy Lead
10255 West Higgins Road
Suite 280
Rosemont, IL 60018
E:
privacyofficer@iqvia.com
1-847-813-1170
Be sure to include your name, postal address, and email address if you want to receive a response by email. Otherwise, we will respond by postal mail within the time required by applicable law.