Toggle navigation
Data Privacy Statement
English
Deutsch
English
Español
Italiano
Français
Nederlands
Polski
Data Protection Statement FRITZ! Products
In our data privacy statement we explain which data we record and when, how we use these data, and what possibilities you have to disable recording of these data.
I. Preamble
AVM Computersysteme Vertriebs GmbH, for short: AVM (hereinafter, also "we") is responsible for its products and internet services. In the following we would like to inform you how personalized data are processed in the framework of our products.
Personalized data are erased as soon as possible, and never used or passed on for advertising purposes without your consent.
II. Responsible Authority / Data Protection Officer / Responsible Supervisory Authority
Responsible Authority
AVM Computersysteme Vertriebs GmbH
Alt-Moabit 95
10559 Berlin
Germany
Tel.: +49-30-3 99 76-0
Email:
info@avm.de
Internet:
en.avm.de
Data Protection Officer
AVM Computersysteme Vertriebs GmbH
Data protection officer
Alt-Moabit 95
10559 Berlin
Germany
Tel.: +49-30-3 99 76-2 57
Email:
datenschutz@avm.de
Responsible Supervisory Authority
Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information (Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit)
Alt-Moabit 59–61
10555 Berlin
Germany
Tel.: +49-30-1 38 89-0
Fax: +49-30-2 15 50 50
Email:
mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de
Internet:
datenschutz-berlin.de
III. General Principles / Information
1. Definitions
The definitions are in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (hereinafter "General Data Protection Regulation" or "GDPR"). In particular, the definitions of Article 4 and Article 9 of the GDPR apply.
2. Legal Basis for Personal Data Processing
We collect and use the personalized data of our users in principle only insofar as this is necessary to render and provide our services and offers (including mobile apps).
Personalized data are collected and used for other purposes only
with the user's consent,
for the protection of legitimate interests, insofar as this is not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights of the persons affected that require the protection of personalized data. This also includes the transmission of data to authorities and/or courts.
Insofar as personalized data are processed on the basis of consent by the data subject, Article 6(1a) of the GDPR is the legal basis for such processing.
For the processing of personalized data for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis; this also applies for processing which is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
If personalized data are processed for the purpose of compliance with legal obligations (such as, for example, retention periods stipulated by tax or commercial law, or information provided by authorities, etc.), Article 6(1c) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
For the case that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person necessitate the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1d) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
Should processing take place in order to protect a legitimate interest of our company or of a third party, and this interest is not overridden by the interests, fundamental rights, and basic freedoms of the data subject, Article 6(1f) of the GDPR is the legal basis for processing. This can be the case particularly:
to guarantee the operation of your FRITZ! product
to guarantee the IT security of your FRITZ! product
to improve the quality and function of FRITZ! products
3. Obtaining Consent / Right of Revocation
Consent in accordance with Article 6(1a) of the GDPR is generally obtained electronically. The user consents by checking the checkbox in the corresponding field for the purpose of documenting that consent was granted (opt-in procedure). The contents of the consent form are logged electronically. The legality of processing on the basis of other legal grounds remains unaffected by this, particularly in accordance with Article 6(1f) of the GDPR.
Right of revocation: Please note that consent already granted can be revoked prospectively at any time – in full or in part; the legality of any processing that took place on the basis of consent up to the time consent was revoked remains unaffected. Please direct any revocation to the contact information for the responsible authority or the data protection officer listed under (II).
4. Possible Recipients of Personalized Data
In order to provide our services, we also employ service providers ("processors") to act on our behalf and upon our instructions in the framework of service provision.
We ensure that our service providers offer sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures in such a manner that processing will meet the requirements of the GDPR and ensure the protection of the rights of the data subject (cf. Article 28 of the GDPR).
Insofar as there is a transmission of personalized data to third parties and/or recipients, we ensure that this occurs only in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR (e.g., Article 6[4] of the GDPR) and only where there is a corresponding legal basis (e.g., Article 6[4] of the GDPR).
5. Processing of Data in So-called "Third Countries"
In general, the processing of your personalized data takes place within the EU, or within the European Economic Area ("EEA").
Only in exceptional cases (e.g., in connection with the involvement of service providers to provide web analytic services) can it happen that information is transferred to so-called "third countries". "Third countries" are countries outside of the European Union and/or the Agreement on the European Economic Area, in which it cannot necessarily be assumed that the level of data protection is adequate according to the standards of the EU.
Insofar as the transmitted information also includes personalized data, we ensure before such a transfer that an adequate level of data protection is guaranteed in the given third country, or by the given recipient in the third country, or that you have provided your consent to such transfer, or there is another basis that permits such a transfer (e.g. Article 49 of the GDPR). An adequate data protection level can arise from what is called an "adequacy decision" by the European Commission or be guaranteed by application of the "EU standard contractual clauses". We are happy to provide you with further information on appropriate and suitable guarantees for adherence to an adequate level of data protection upon request; the contact information is provided at the beginning of this data protection statement.
6. Data Erasure and Storage Period
Personalized data on the data subject are erased or locked as soon as the purpose of processing has expired. Data are stored after the purpose of processing has expired only when this is provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other directives to which our company is subject (e.g., to satisfy legal record-keeping requirements and/or when there are justified interests in storage, e.g., during the period of statutes of limitation for the purpose of legal defense against any claims). The data are also deleted or locked when a storage period prescribed by the relevant standards expires, unless there is a necessity for the further storage of the data for the conclusion of a contract of for other purposes.
7. Rights of the Data Subjects
The GDPR grants certain rights to data subjects affected by the processing of personalized data (rights of the data subject, especially Articles 12 through 22 of the GDPR). The individual rights of the data subjects are clarified in (VIII). If you would like to exercise one or more of these rights, you can contact us at any time. Please do so by using the contact information listed under (II).
IV. Data Processing on the Part of AVM and Data Transmission to AVM
1. FRITZ!OS
For product maintenance, to ensure operational safety, and for reasons of security, AVM provides your AVM FRITZ! products with regular updates to the operating software (FRITZ!OS). In order to determine the correct and/or necessary updates for your product, at regular intervals your FRITZ! product sends technical data to identify the device, the operating system used, the network provider of your line, and basic settings on the FRITZ! product, to AVM.
AVM saves the technical data on your product transmitted during the search for updates in order to be able to perform a targeted update. If your device is registered with MyFRITZ!Net (myfritz.net), these data are also used in order to display the configuration and properties of your device (see [V].)
You can disable the automatic search for updates under "Internet > Account Information > AVM Services". AVM recommends leaving the automatic search for updates enabled.
In the factory settings, your FRITZ! product is configured to notify you about available updates, and automatically install updates that AVM considers necessary for secure operation. You can change the settings of your FRITZ!OS at any time under "System > Update > Auto Update".
In order to improve your product, and to ensure safe operation on your line, your FRITZ! product will send technical diagnostics data to AVM as needed:
The options "Diagnostics data" and "Diagnostics and maintenance" are enabled during installation. In order to ensure the security and reliable operation of your product, we recommend leaving these settings enabled. However, you can change these options during installation. Both options can be changed individually after installation under "Internet > Account Information > AVM Services". For more information on this, see the "AVM Services" help page.
With the "Diagnostics data" option, technical diagnostics data are transmitted by your FRITZ! product to AVM for analysis in specific cases of errors (error reports) or suspected abuse by third parties.
With the "Diagnostics and maintenance" option, your FRITZ! product can be reached by AVM for diagnostics purposes. In individual cases, AVM can retrieve selected technical diagnostics data, as for error analysis or for the purpose of support. In individual cases, AVM can retrieve a summary of diagnostics data, as for error analysis or for the purpose of support. This summary can be viewed under "Internet > Account Information > AVM Services“. AVM records a random sample of FRITZ! products to collect statistically relevant data on quality, application scenarios, and ambient parameters. This information serves to detect technical problems, to guide useful further development, and to make qualitative improvements measurable. When the "Diagnostics and maintenance" option is enabled, a randomly selected, access-protected port is opened on the FRITZ! product for communication with the FRITZ! product with the sole purpose of transmitting diagnostics data.
Diagnostics data do not include any names assigned by the customer. Insofar as diagnostics data must be logged and evaluated, we do so in anonymized form, that is, without any reference to the person of the user. This way you can benefit from optimizations implemented in updates or necessary adjustments by AVM. Examples of technical diagnostics data are quality and configuration parameters of the DSL, internet and Wi-Fi connections, basic performance parameters, and configurations of the FRITZ!OS operating system, as well as reports about errors or suspected abuse by third parties.
In a Mesh system, the diagnostics and maintenance settings are automatically transmitted from the Mesh Master (FRITZ!Box hub) to the Mesh Repeaters (connected FRITZ! products). Please make any desired changes to the settings on the Mesh Master.
If you entered an email address for status information on your FRITZ! product during installation of your FRITZ! product, AVM keeps a MyFRITZ! account for the email address saved for this purpose. For reasons of security, information on when this account was accessed by which devices, as well as information on the FRITZ! product registered with this account are saved in this account, so that you can view this information or have it sent to you by email (MyFRITZ! report) (see [V]).
When you use the help, open the Tips & Tricks, open the user manual, register for a FRITZ! product newsletter, or use the Zack speed test at
avm.de
, your FRITZ! product transmits device-specific data, like, for instance, the FRITZ!Box model and provider name, the FRITZ!OS version number, regional settings and language, as well as information on the context of the user interface in which the help was accessed, in order to enable the context-sensitive display of contents appropriate to the product being used.
When the "Sample HD sound" feature or the "AVM voice clip (HD)" entry in the telephone book (or the corresponding quick-dial entry) are used on your FRITZ!Fon, a connection will be established to the HD telephony test server at AVM. For this only the IP address of your FRITZ!Box for regular IP communication is transmitted. AVM does not process this information.
In order to display the TV channel logos on cable connections, the FRITZ!Box periodically accesses list of available channel logos provided by AVM. For this only the IP address of your FRITZ!Box for regular internet communication is transmitted. No further processing takes place.
The display of the local exchange for a telephone call on the FRITZ!Fon is realized completely on the FRITZ!Box, since the entire database of dialing prefixes is stored in the FRITZ!OS of your FRITZ!Box. This means that no data processing is performed by AVM.
The "Caller Announcement" (voice ringtone) feature is used only if the "Voice" ringtone was enabled. By default the "Voice" ringtone is disabled. When the "Voice" ringtone (caller announcement) is enabled, the FRITZ!Box uses an AVM service to speech-synthesize the selected string of characters in the telephone book – unless this string has already been synthesized on the FRITZ!Box. The speech synthesis entails the transmission of only the relevant string to AVM. Additional data like the number called and time of the call are not transmitted. If the string of characters is not known to the AVM service, the "Polly" service from "Amazon Web Services (AWS)" is used by the AVM service exclusively for the speech synthesis of the string, and the result preserved for the future in the AVM service. Communication between AVM and AWS Polly is initiated by AVM – and only when the text is not already stored by AVM in synthesized form.
AWS Polly is provided by Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxemburg. For more information, see
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr
and
https://aws.amazon.com/polly/?nc=sn&loc=0
. AVM uses only those Polly services operating in the EU.
If you send us voluntary feedback on DSL, Wi-Fi, VoIP or other services or technologies, your FRITZ!Box transmits any data entered voluntarily (for instance feedback, email address, postal code) as well as device-specific data, including DSL settings, FRITZ!Box model and provider name, FRITZ!OS version number, regional setting and language, in order to be able to analyze your feedback. These data are transmitted via email. Feedback is saved until it is no longer required for analysis, and evaluated anonymously.
If you receive assistance from AVM Support, our support may occasionally request that you supply support information to AVM. Under "FRITZ!Box Support" on the FRITZ!Box user interface you have the possibility of sending detailed support information, e.g. on a problem, to AVM at the push of a button. In response you are given a letter code which we ask you to provide for your case. Using the "Save support information" option you can also save and view the support information locally. AVM uses the submitted support information only for the resolution of support cases and error messages. Support information is deleted automatically no later than one year after the last access.
The legal basis for processing as stipulated in (IV[1]) is - unless otherwise specified - Article 6 (1a) of the GDPR.
2. FRITZ! Lab
In contrast to the information in Section IV(1), the "Terms of Use for FRITZ! Lab" and the following additions apply to FRITZ! Lab:
The search for updates is always enabled. You may still elect to have these updates installed automatically (recommended). Deactivation is not possible in the Lab version.
Diagnostics and maintenance are always enabled. This allows error reports to be transmitted to AVM and technical diagnostics data to be retrieved by AVM if required. Device-specific metadata is also transmitted to AVM when certain AVM pages (e.g. online help, Zack speed test) are called up. Deactivation is not possible in the Lab version.
If your FRITZ!Box is registered with MyFRITZ!Net, the MyFRITZ! direct connection is always enabled for easier and faster access to MyFRITZ!Net functions in the Lab. Deactivation is not possible in the Lab version.
The legal basis for processing as stipulated in (IV[2]) is - unless otherwise specified - Article 6 (1b) of the GDPR in conjunction with the "Terms of Use for FRITZ! Lab".
Note that, for technical reasons, the settings shown above may be retained when switching from one version of FRITZ! Lab to FRITZ!OS (release). The settings can be adjusted manually in FRITZ!OS (release).
V. AVM Services and Apps
1. MyFRITZ!Net (myfritz.net)
Users must register and set up a personal account in order to use the MyFRITZ!Net (myfritz.net) service available online. This account is set up when you enter an email address for status information on your FRITZ!Box during installation, or when you register your FRITZ!Box with MyFRITZ!Net at a later point in time. Then AVM keeps a MyFRITZ! account for the email address saved here. In the context of registration and setting up a user account, we collect and save the following personal data, but do not pass them on to third parties: the user's email address, password, information on the devices that have been used to access this account (device fingerprint, operating system, browser and browser version), IP addresses of the last 10 login attempts (the IP addresses of earlier attempts are deleted), the optional individualized text (shown in the subject line of your email for security), and possible status information on your email inbox if messages bounce back from your email provider. In addition, for every FRITZ!Box assigned to the MyFRITZ! account, AVM saves technical data for identification (for instance, device address [MAC address], FRITZ!Box name and the like) as well as the username of the local user on the FRITZ!Box so that this information can be pre-allocated when MyFRITZ! internet access is configured.
Your passwords are saved only in hashed form and can be neither viewed nor recalculated by AVM. The data transmitted during registration are erased if registration is not concluded within 48 hours by clicking on the confirmation link. In the case of irregularities in your MyFRITZ! account or anomalies or peculiarities with one of the devices registered there, AVM can contact the email address saved with the account.
Registration of the user serves to restrict and control access to the contents and services that we offer only to registered users on our MyFRITZ!Net web pages.
The legal bases for processing data for the purpose of registration and account administration and account use are Article 6 (1b) of the GDPR and Article 6(1f) of the GDPR, since registration is simultaneously for the purpose of restricting and/or controlling access and for the protection of contents and information we developed.
The data transmitted during registration are erased if registration is not concluded within 48 hours by clicking on the confirmation link.
As a user you have the option to terminate or delete your registration with MyFRITZ!Net at any time under "Account Settings > Delete Account". The data stored about you in MyFRITZ!Net can be modified at any time. If you delete your account with MyFRITZ! all of the data associated with the account will be erased.
AVM saves the technical data on your product transmitted during the search for updates in order to be able to perform a targeted update (see [VI]). If your device is registered with MyFRITZ!Net, these data are also used in order to display the configuration and properties of your device or send them by email.
MyFRITZ!Net can send email to the email address assigned to the MyFRITZ! account. These emails contain the individualized text specified for the MyFRITZ! account, if such a text was configured.
MyFRITZ!Net regularly sends a MyFRITZ! report about the FRITZ! products registered with the MyFRITZ! account. This function can be enabled and disabled.
For your security, MyFRITZ!Net notifies you by email about new devices registering with the MyFRITZ! account.
AVM reserves the right to contact the user of the MyFRITZ! account by email in the case of anomalies with the MyFRITZ! account or one of the devices registered with it.
The MyFRITZ!Net website uses "Google reCAPTCHA" (hereinafter "reCAPTCHA"). This software is provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland ("Google").
It serves to protect MyFRITZ!Net and its users from misuse through automatic spying and from spam.
For more information on Google reCAPTCHA and on Google's privacy policy, go to the following links:
policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
and
google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html
.
For statistical evaluation of the usage of the MyFRITZ!Net web pages we use Matomo Web Analytics. This service analyzes only navigation to and usage of the MyFRITZ!Net websites. Any other websites you visited remain unknown to us, and are neither saved nor tracked.
No cookies are used for this process and the requesting IP address is anonymized for transmission.
To simplify communication with your FRITZ!Box registered with MyFRITZ!Net, AVM operates a dynamic DNS (DynDNS) server. For this your FRITZ! product transmits its IP address to the DynDNS server, which saves only the IP address of your FRITZ!Box that is currently valid in the constant subdomain. Outdated IP address are deleted immediately.
If you configure MyFRITZ!Net access on a device connected to a FRITZ!Box registered with MyFRITZ!Net, you allow access to this device (via the opened ports) from the internet under a subdomain of the constant subdomain belonging to myfritz.net. The device name of the device is used as the subdomain. Example: Fileserver1.drfh40jierq5we2rtz.myfritz.net – if your device is called Fileserver1.
When you open the link to the AVM Newsletter from MyFRITZ!Net, for your convenience, the email address of your MyFRITZ! account is automatically pre-allocated to receive the AVM Newsletter and thus transmitted to AVM.
You can change this email address for receiving the AVM Newsletter. For data protection information regarding the AVM Newsletter, see the privacy policy on our web pages at
https://en.avm.de/privacy-policy/
.
If your FRITZ!Box is registered with MyFRITZ!Net, you can enable the MyFRITZ! direct connection to MyFRITZ!Net. The MyFRITZ! direct connection is disabled by default. The MyFRITZ! direct connection allows you to receive information on this FRITZ!Box and connected devices in real time on MyFRITZ!Net. This requires a login with your MyFRITZ! account. Third persons cannot view this information. You can also configure settings for this FRITZ!Box directly on MyFRITZ!Net (e.g. install an available update). The MyFRITZ! direct connection is generally maintained permanently, with the relevant data being transmitted to AVM and processed exclusively by AVM. AVM does not forward these data to third parties and uses them exclusively to prepare your personal view on MyFRITZ!Net and to secure the operability of the systems.
2. FRITZ!Apps
FRITZ!Apps offer you additional functions for your FRITZ! product, some at home, and some from on the go. In order to use your app, data required in order to register with the FRITZ!Box are stored in the app and transmitted, usually in encrypted form, for communication with the FRITZ!Box.
In FRITZ!Apps, the personalized data of the contacts available on the device, from your FRITZ!Box telephone books, and from linked telephone books, are used only within the FRITZ!App to fulfill the functions offered there. Contacts and telephone books can contain, for instance, telephone numbers, names, email addresses, and additional personal data. These data will not be passed on to AVM nor to any third parties.
After they have been configured on a FRITZ!Box, FRITZ!Apps automatically use this function to be notified by the FRITZ!Box about new events. This communication takes place from the FRITZ!Box via AVM directly to the notification service for Android devices provided by Google, or for iOS devices provided by Apple, via the battery conserving transmission deployed in many apps. In the context of regular internet communication the IP addresses of your FRITZ!Box and of the device are used. Communication takes place in encrypted form. Over this route the FRITZ!Box transmits the events of the FRITZ!Box so that they can be processed and displayed in the app. For this, supplementary user data like telephone numbers, email addresses or names are transmitted end-to-end in encrypted form; these can be decrypted only by your FRITZ!Box and the apps registered with it.
To improve the functionality, user friendliness, and security of your FRITZ!Apps, AVM receives certain information about the use of your FRITZ!Apps. For this the FRITZ!Apps use Google Analytics, Google Firebase, and Google Fabric, web analytics services from Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland; "Google") and App Analytics von Apple Inc. (One Apple Park Way, CA 95014, USA; "Apple").
For this purpose the FRITZ!Apps transfer to these services anonymized information about the use of the FRITZ!App and any errors that occur. In case of errors, precise details about register codes and device information are sent in order to facilitate maintenance of the FRITZ!Apps. You may reject the recording of this anonymized data and their processing by disabling this option at any time. The generated information is sent in anonymized form to a Google or Apple server and saved there. On this basis the usage of the app will be analyzed and listed in aggregated and anonymized reports on app activities for AVM.
If required by law, or if third parties process the data on Google's or Apple's behalf, Google or Apple can transmit these data to third parties where necessary.
The Google Analytics Option "anonymizeIp" is used in FRITZ!Apps to guarantee the anonymized collection of IP addresses (also known as IP masking). In the course of this IP anonymization your IP address is shortened before transmission within the member states of the EU or to other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the complete IP address transmitted to a Google server in the US and shortened there.
For more information, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
(general information on Google Analytics and data privacy) and at
fabric.io/terms
.
If you use the microphone or the camera of your smartphone for certain FRITZ!Apps, such as for audio transmission, or to record a photograph or video, the contents will be used only in the app; for transmissions over networks (for instance, by telephone) directly into your home network or via the internet, your data will not be transmitted to AVM. Depending on the configuration, the data are transmitted in the internet in encrypted or non-encrypted form. The FRITZ!App Fon transmits voice data in the home network without encryption.
If you send us voluntary feedback from the FRITZ!Apps, your app transfers specific diagnostics data so that we can analyze your feedback. Transmission takes place using the app you selected for sending (in encrypted or non-encrypted form). Feedback is saved until it is no longer required for analysis.
VI. Data Transfer to Third Parties
In accordance with its intended use, the product connects with one or more telecommunications service providers (for services like internet access, TV, and telephony). The corresponding interfaces of the providers and/or the services they render are operated through the product, and the data necessary for these services are exchanged with the given provider. Your FRITZ!Box may communicate with your service provider for the provisioning, updating and maintenance of your FRITZ!Box. The kind and purpose of such data transmission and data processing are explained in the documentation supplied by your provider.
If you enable the services of other service providers in your FRITZ!Box through optional (voluntary) configurations, the data required for these interfaces will be exchanged with the service provider. Such services may include push mail (email dispatch via SMTP), DynDNS, online storage (WebDAV), online contacts, online address book, Domain Name Server (DNS), certificate from letsencrypt.org, time server (NTP), messages (RSS feed), podcasts and web radio. For such uses, service-specific addresses and parameters, and in some cases a user name and password, are required by the given service and entered by the user. These are saved in encrypted form in the FRITZ!Box. These data are neither evaluated nor transferred outside of communication with these services. Communication with the services is encrypted whenever possible (depending on the configuration). Every time you connect to the internet for DynDNS service, your FRITZ!Box transmits the current public IP address and the entered login data at regular intervals. If you use the option "Use certificate from letsencrypt.org (recommended)" for MyFRITZ! access to your FRITZ!Box from the internet, the FRITZ!Box has an SSL certificate issued by the letsencrypt.org certificate authority for your MyFRITZ! address (subdomain from myfritz.net). For this the transmission of the IP address and the MyFRITZ! address of the FRITZ!Box is required. During certification, a port on the FRITZ!Box is opened briefly so that letsencrypt.org can check that the MyFRITZ! address is legitimate. The certificate is renewed at regular intervals in the same way.
Like most certification authorities, letsencrypt.org publishes a list of all of the certificates it issues, and thus also the MyFRITZ! addresses certified there. The privacy policy of letsencrypt.org is presented at
letsencrypt.org/privacy
. This option is effective only for FRITZ!Box products with MyFRITZ! access from the internet configured and can be disabled under "Internet > MyFRITZ! Account".
VII. Rights of the Data Subjects
According to the GDPR, the user is entitled in particular to the following data subject rights:
1. Right to information (Article 15 of the GDPR)
You have the right to request information about whether or not we process personalized data pertaining to you. If personalized data pertaining to you are processed by our company, you are entitled to information about
the purposes of processing
the categories of personalized data (kind of data) that are processed
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom your data were disclosed or are to be disclosed; this is the case especially when data were disclosed or are to be disclosed to recipients in third countries outside the purview of the GDPR
the planned duration of storage, to the extent this is possible; if the duration of storage cannot be given, in any case the criteria for determining the duration of storage (e.g. legal retention periods or the like) must be communicated
your right to rectification and erasure of the data pertaining to you, including the right to restrict processing and/or the right to revoke consent (on this, see also the subsequent clauses)
the existence of the right to lodge an appeal with a supervisory authority
the source of the data, if the personalized data were not collected from you directly.
Further, you are entitled to information about whether your personalized data are the object of automated decisions in the sense of Article 22 of the GDPR, and, if this is the case, which decision criteria are the basis for such an automated decision (logic) or what effects and consequences the automated decision can have for you.
If personalized data are transmitted to a third country outside the purview of the GDPR, you are entitled to information about whether, and if so, on the basis of which guarantees, an adequate level of protection is ensured by the data recipient in the third country in accordance with Articles 45 and 46 of the GDPR.
You have the right to request a copy of your personalized data. We always provide copies of data in electronic form unless you request otherwise. The first copy is free of charge; for additional copies, reasonable compensation can be requested. The copy is provided as long as the rights and freedoms of other persons are not compromised through the transmission of the copied data.
2. Right to Rectification (Article 16 of the GDPR)
You have the right to request that we rectify your data, should these be incorrect, inaccurate and/or incomplete; the right to rectification includes the right to complete your data by adding supplementary clarifications or information. A rectification and/or supplement must take place immediately – that is, without undue delay.
3. Right to Erasure (Article 17 of the GDPR)
You have the right to request that we erase your personalized data, insofar as
the personalized data are no longer required for the purposes for which they were collected and processed
data processing takes place on the basis of consent you granted and you have rescinded your consent, insofar as there is no other legal basis for data processing
You entered an objection to data processing in accordance with Article 21 of the GDPR and there are no overriding reasons for further processing
You entered an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising in accordance with Article 21(2) of the GDPR
Your personalized data were processed illegally
the data in question concern a child, and were collected in relation to information society services in accordance with Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
There is no right to the erasure of personalized data insofar as
the rights to freedom of expression and to knowledge are in conflict with the request for erasure
the processing of personalized data (i) in order to fulfill a legal obligation (e.g. legal retention periods), (ii) in order to fulfill public duties and interests in accordance with EU law and/or the law of the member states (this also includes interests in the area of public health) or (iii) for the purposes of archiving or research
the personalized data are required for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The erasure must take place immediately – that is, without undue delay. If personalized data have been made public by us (e.g. in the internet), we are responsible, in the framework of what is technically possible and reasonable, for informing third-party processors about the erasure request, including the deletion of links, copies and or replicates.
4. Right to Restriction of Processing (Article 18 of the GDPR)
You have the right to have the processing of your personalized data restricted in the following cases:
If you have contested the accuracy of your personalized data, you can request that your data not be used for other purposes for the duration of the accuracy check and insofar restricted.
In the case of illegal data processing you can request the restriction of data use in accordance with Article 18 of the GDPR rather than data erasure according to Article 17(1d) of the GDPR.
If you need your personalized data for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims, but your personalized data are otherwise no longer required, you can request that we restrict processing to the above mentioned purpose of legal proceedings.
If you entered an objection to data processing in accordance with Article 21(1) of the GDPR and it has not yet been decided whether our interests in processing override your interests, you can request that your data not be used for other purposes for the duration of the review and insofar be restricted.
Personalized data, the processing of which was restricted upon your request, may still be processed – subject to storage – only (i) with our consent, (ii) for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims, (iii) to protect the rights of other natural persons or entities, or (iv) for reasons of substantial public interest. You will be notified in advance if a processing restriction is lifted.
5. Right to Data Portability (Article 20 of the GDPR)
Subject to the following provisions, you have the right to receive the data pertaining to you in a commonly used, machine-readable format. The right to data portability includes the right to transmission of the data to another controller; upon request we will thus – insofar as it is technically possible – transmit data directly to a controller you specify or will specify in the future. The right to data portability applies only for the data provided by you and assumes that the data are processed on the basis of consent or for performance of a contract, and is executed using automated methods. The right to data portability in accordance with Article 20 of the GDPR does not affect the right to data erasure in accordance with Article 17 of the GDPR. The data are transmitted only if the rights and freedoms of other persons can not be compromised through the data transmission.
6. Right to Object (Article 21 of the GDPR)
In the case of processing of personalized data in order to fulfill a task carried out in the public interest (Article 6[1e] of the GDPR) or for the purpose of pursuing legitimate interests (Article 6[1f] of the GDPR), you can object prospectively to the processing of personalized data pertaining to you at any time. In the case of an objection we have to refrain from any further processing of your data for the above mentioned reasons, unless
there are compelling and legitimate reasons for processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or
the processing is required for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You can object prospectively to the use of your data for the purpose of direct advertising at any time; this is also true for any profiling associated with the direct advertising. In the case of an objection we have to refrain from any further processing of your data for the purpose of direct advertising.
7. Prohibition of Automated Decisions/Profiling (Article 22 of the GDPR) [if relevant]
Decisions that can have legal consequences for you or considerably compromise you may not be based exclusively on the automated processing of personal data – including profiling. This does not apply insofar as the automated decision
is required to conclude or fulfill a contract with you,
is permitted on the basis of legal provisions of the EU or of member states, insofar as these legal provisions contain adequate measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms and the legitimate interests of your person, or
takes place with your express consent.
Decisions based exclusively on the automated processing of special categories of personal data are generally prohibited, unless Article 22(4) of the GDPR applies in connection with Article 9(2a or g) of the GDPR, and adequate measures were taken to safeguard the rights and freedoms and the legitimate interests of your person.
8. Legal Protections / Right to Petition a Supervisory Authority
In the case of complaints you can address the responsible supervisory authority of the EU or the member states at any time. The supervisory authority named in (II) is responsible for our company.
Status February 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://en.avm.de/privacy-policy/:
AVM Content
AVM Main Navigation
AVM Content
AVM Computersysteme Vertriebs GmbH and FRITZ.com GmbH belong to the AVM group of companies (subsequently also referred to collectively as "
we
") and are responsible for the web presence at fritz.com, avm.de and the associated subdomains (e.g. business.avm.de, fritzfinder.avm.de, content.avm.de, download.avm.de) as well as on the AVM social media channels.
In the following we would like to inform you about how personalized data are processed during the use of our websites and/or online services.
Personalized data are erased as soon as possible, and never used or passed on for advertising purposes without your consent.
AVM Computersysteme Vertriebs GmbH
Alt-Moabit 95
10559 Berlin
Germany
Phone: +49 (0)30 / 399 76-257
Email:
info@avm.de
AVM Computersysteme Vertriebs GmbH
Data Protection Officer
Alt-Moabit 95
10559 Berlin
Germany
Phone: +49 (0)30 / 399 76-257
Email:
datenschutz@avm.de
Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Alt-Moabit 59-61
10555 Berlin
Germany
Phone: +49 30-13889-0
Fax: +49 30-2155050
Email:
mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de
datenschutz-berlin.de
FRITZ.com GmbH
Alt-Moabit 95
10559 Berlin
Germany
Phone: +49 (0)30 / 399 76-257
Email:
info@avm.de
1. Definitions
The definitions are in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (hereinafter “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”). In particular, the definitions of Article 4 and Article 9 of the GDPR apply.
2. Scope of Personal Data Processing
We collect and use the personalized data of our users in principle only insofar as this is necessary to render and provide our services and to prepare our web presence or online offers.
Further, personalized data are collected and used on a regular basis only
(i) with the user's consent,
(ii) if the processing takes place for the purpose of fulfilling the contract, or
(iii) for the protection of legitimate interests, insofar as this is not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights of the persons affected that require the protection of personalized data. This also includes the transmission of data to authorities and/or courts.
Moreover, such cases are excepted in which it was not possible to obtain prior consent for practical reasons, or in which the processing of the data is permitted by statutory regulations.
3. Legal Bases
Insofar as personalized data are processed on the basis of consent by the data subject, Article 6(1a) of the GDPR is the legal basis for such processing.
For the processing of personalized data for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis; this also applies for processing which is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
If personalized data are processed in order to comply with legal obligations (such as, for example, retention periods stipulated by tax or commercial law, or information provided by authorities, etc.), Article 6(1c) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
For the case that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person necessitate the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1d) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
If processing is carried out to protect a legitimate interest of our company or of a third party, and this interest is not overridden by the interests, fundamental rights, and basic freedoms of the data subject, Article 6(1f) of the GDPR is the legal basis for processing.
4. Obtaining Consent / Right of Revocation
Consent in accordance with Article 6(1a) of the GDPR is generally obtained electronically. Consent is given, for example, by checking the checkbox in the corresponding field to document that consent was granted. When consent is granted electronically, the "opt-in" method is used in the area for registered users (e.g. for Newsflash); for the purpose of identifying the user, "double opt-in" is used (e.g. to register for the newsletter). The contents of the consent form are logged electronically.
Right of revocation: Please note that consent already granted can be revoked prospectively at any time – in full or in part; the legality of any processing that took place on the basis of consent up to the time consent was revoked remains unaffected. Please direct any revocation to the contact information for the responsible authority or the data protection officer listed under (II).
5. Possible Recipients of Personalized Data
In order to provide our web and/or online services, we also employ service providers ("processors") to act on our behalf and upon our instructions in the framework of service provision. In the framework of service provision, these service providers can receive personalized data or come into contact with personalized data, and constitute third parties or recipients in the terms of the GDPR.
In such a case we ensure that our service providers offer sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures in such a manner that processing will meet the requirements of the GDPR and ensure the protection of the rights of the data subject (cf. Article 28 of the GDPR).
Insofar as a transmission of personalized data to third parties and/or recipients outside of processing a job, we ensure that this occurs only in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR (e.g., Article 6(4) of the GDPR) and only where there is a corresponding legal basis (e.g., Article 6(4) of the GDPR).
6. Processing of Data in So-called "Third Countries"
In general, the processing of your personalized data takes place within the EU, or within the European Economic Area (“EEA“).
Only in exceptional cases (e.g., in connection with the involvement of service providers to provide web analytic services) can it happen that information is transferred to so-called "third countries". "Third countries" are countries outside of the European Union and/or the Agreement on the European Economic Area, in which it cannot necessarily be assumed that the level of data protection is adequate according to the standards of the EU.
Insofar as the transmitted information also includes personalized data, we ensure before such a transfer that an adequate level of data protection is guaranteed in the given third country, or by the given recipient in the third country, or that you have provided your consent to such transfer, or there is another basis that permits such a transfer (e.g. Article 49 of the GDPR). An adequate data protection level can arise from what is called an "adequacy decision" by the European Commission or be guaranteed by application of the "EU standard contractual clauses". We are happy to provide you with further information on appropriate and suitable guarantees for adherence to an adequate level of data protection upon request; the contact information is provided under (II) of this data protection documentation.
7. Data Erasure and Storage Period
Personalized data on the data subject are erased or locked as soon as the purpose of processing has expired. Data are stored after the purpose of processing has expired only when this is provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other directives to which our company is subject (e.g., to satisfy legal record-keeping requirements and/or when there are justified interests in storage, e.g., during the period of statutes of limitation for the purpose of legal defence against any claims). The data are also erased or locked when a storage period prescribed by the relevant standards expires, unless there is a necessity for the further storage of the data for the conclusion of a contract of for other purposes.
8. Rights of the Data Subjects
The GDPR grants certain rights to data subjects effected by the processing of personalized data (known as "rights of the data subject", especially Articles 12 through 22 of the GDPR). The individual rights of the data subjects are clarified in (X). If you would like to exercise one or more of these rights, you can contact us at any time. Please do so by using the contact information (responsible authority or data protection officer) listed under (II).
Registration and/or creation of a personal user account are required for certain services provided via our website and online platforms. In the framework of registration and creating a user account, we collect and store the following personal data ("mandatory information"). These data are not transmitted to third parties:
Username
User's business email address
Password
Title, first name, last name
Company (where relevant)
Address
Country, state/county and city where company is located
Fields containing mandatory information required for the purpose of registration are marked in the input mask with an asterisk to designate them as required. Registration cannot be completed without complete and valid entries in the mandatory fields. Application for registration is not completed until after you provide entries for all of the mandatory fields AND confirm the password link we send you by email.
Also stored upon registration are (i) the user's IP address and (ii) the date and time of registration.
The user may provide voluntary details in addition to this mandatory information. Such details may include data such as phone number, fax number, mobile phone number, or details about the company such as number of employees, sector, floor space. Voluntary information may be used for the purpose of improving our sales and marketing services.
1. Purpose and Legal Basis
Registration of the user serves to restrict and/or control access to certain contents and services that we offer only to registered users on our websites and/or online platforms. Such a registration can further serve the purpose of providing certain contents and services for registered users as part of contract performance and/or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
The legal basis for processing data for the purpose of registration with the user's consent is Article 6(1a) of the GDPR. If registration serves the performance of a contract to which the user is party, or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, the legal basis for processing is Article 6(1b) of the GDPR. Insofar as registration serves the purpose of access restriction and/or control, the protection of legitimate interest is the legal basis as stipulated in Article 6(1f) of the GDPR; in this case the legitimate interest is in the restriction of access to protect the contents and information we developed.
2. Data Erasure and Storage Period
Should registration take place in connection with fulfilling a contract or implementing pre-contractual measures (Article 6(1b) of the GDPR), the registration data are stored for the duration of the given working or contractual relationship, and then erased or locked after expiration of the given contract, or after the period of notice as stipulated in (III.7).
If registration does not take place in connection with performance of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, the registration data are erased as stipulated in (III.7) as soon as a registration with our websites is withdrawn, modified or deleted by the user.
3. Opt-out and Elimination Options
The data about you that are stored in registered areas can be modified at any time. Such a change to the data you provided can be made in the registered area, or after contacting us with your request. If the data are (still) required for the performance of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, they can be erased only if no contractual or legal obligations prevent their erasure.
Every time our websites are opened, our system automatically collects data and information from the requesting user's computer system. The following data are collected (hereinafter "log data"):
information about the type and version of the browser used
information about the user's operating system
the user's IP address
date and time of access
file size of the object accessed
The log data mentioned above – with the exception of the IP address – do not make it possible to identify the person of the user; personalized identification is possible only by allocating or linking the log data to a certain IP address.
1. Purpose and Legal Basis
The collection and processing of log data, especially the IP address, takes place for the purpose of providing to the user the contents contained on our website, that is, for the purpose of communication between the user and our web or online services. Temporary storage of the IP address is necessary for the duration of the given communication process. This is required for addressing the communication traffic between the user and our web or online presence, or necessary in order to utilize our web and/or online services. The legal basis for this data processing – which applies for the duration of your visit to our websites – is Article 6 (1b) of the GDPR, or Sections 9, 25 of the TDDDG (Telecommunications Digital Services Data Protection Act).
Any processing and storage of the IP address in log files that go above and beyond a given communication process are undertaken in order to ensure the functionality of our web and online content, for the purpose of optimizing this content, and to guarantee the security of our information technology systems. The legal basis for storage of the IP address for these purposes above and beyond a given communication process is Article 6(1f) of the GDPR (protection of legitimate interests) or Section 19(4) of the TDDDG.
2. Data Erasure and Storage Period
Data are erased as soon as they are no longer required to achieve the purpose of their collection. In the case of data collection for the preparation of the websites, this is the case whenever the given session – the visit to the website – has ended. Any storage of log data above and beyond this, including saving the IP address for the purpose of system security, will last for a period of no longer than seven days from the time the user leaves the web page. Any processing and/or storage of log data above and beyond this is possible and permissible, as long as the IP addresses of the users are erased or altered after the above mentioned storage period of seven days such that it is no longer possible to match the log data to an IP address.
3. Opt-out and Elimination Options
The collection of log data for the preparation of websites, including their storage in log files as limited in the above paragraph, is absolutely necessary for operation of the websites. There is therefore no possibility for the user to opt out. The above does not apply for the processing of log data for purposes of analytics; depending on the web analytic tool used and the kind of data analysis (personalized/anonymous/pseudonymous), this is conform to (VII).
In the following we inform you about the use of cookies and the processing of other data on our websites.
1. Purpose and Legal Basis
We use cookies that are strictly necessary and other technologies to guarantee the smooth operation of our web presence and/or online offers; therefore these cannot be disabled. Some of the functions on our websites cannot be offered without the use of cookies and other technologies. For this it is also necessary that the browser also be recognized even after switching pages. The data processed by our strictly necessary cookies / other technologies are used for the following purposes:
language settings
anti-spam protection
provision of Chat Support (Zendesk – see under IX( 5.)
remembering search terms and filter settings
volume settings
The legal basis is Article 6 (1b) of the GDPR, Section 25(2.2) of the TDDDG, insofar as the cookies/other technologies are used to provide chat support. Further, the legal basis is Article 6(1f) of the GDPR, Section 25(2.2) of the TDDDG, since the use of cookies serves to ensure the protection of our legitimate interests and the smooth use and essential basic functions of the websites.
2. Data Erasure and Storage Period
Cookies are saved on the user's terminal device (smart device/PC) and transmitted from there to our websites. The system differentiates between permanent cookies and session cookies. Session cookies are saved for the duration of a browser session and deleted when the browser is closed. Permanent cookies are not deleted when the browser session is closed, but saved on the user's terminal device for a longer period. Cookies for provision of chat support are deleted no more than 8 hours after the session has concluded.
In order to optimize our websites and adapt to the changing habits and technical conditions of our users, we use tools for what is known as "web analytics". Such tools measure things such as which elements are visited by users, and whether the information they seek is easy to find. Such information cannot be interpreted in any meaningful way until information on a larger group of users can be considered. The data collected for such analysis are aggregated into larger units.
This way we can adapt the design of pages or contents, for instance, if we discover that a relevant share of site visitors are using new technologies, or are having trouble finding available information.
We carry out the following analyses on our website and online platforms and/or implement the following tools for web analytics:
1. Analysis of Log Data
Log data are used exclusively for analytics purposes on an anonymous basis; in particular, there is no linkage with data that can be used to identify the user personally and/or matched with an IP address or a cookie. Such an analysis of log data thus is not subject to the data protection provisions of the GDPR.
2. Matomo
For the analysis of the use of our website (click counts, for instance), we use the Matomo web analytics service (formerly PIWIK). This service does not set cookies. No personalized data are processed.
1. Newsletter / Competitions / Surveys
1.1. Newsletter
We process the data provided during your registration for the newsletter (e.g. first name, surname, email). For newsletter dispatch we use the LianaMailer tool from Lianatech GmbH, Leopoldstraße 180, 80804 Munich, Germany.
If you decide to subscribe to our newsletter, we need you to provide a valid email address. To check whether you are the owner of the email address provided, or that the address's owner consents to receiving the newsletter, after the first registration step we will send an automated email to the email address provided (the so-called "double opt-in"). Only after confirmation of registration via a link in the confirmation email will we include the given email address in our mailing list. We do not collect any data beyond the email address and the information provided to confirm the registration.
In addition to the data supplied while registering for the newsletter, the following data are processed:
information about the deliverability of the newsletter mailing,
information about which editions of the newsletter the newsletter recipient opened,
information about which links the newsletter recipient clicked on in the newsletter they opened,
Your data are processed for the purpose of mailing the newsletter you requested, including surveys included within, in order to improve our services and to organize competitions. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1a) of the GDPR. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time; in addition, the remarks on the right of revocation in (III.4) apply. We store the data processed in connection with the newsletter for the duration of your registration for the newsletter. Upon unsubscribing from the newsletter your personalized data are deleted.
1.2. Competitions
Unless otherwise specified for a competition, the following applies: If you win a competition, we will contact you at the email address provided to determine the mailing address for sending the prize. Your postal address is used only for the purpose of sending the prize. We store the data supplied in the context of the competition until the competition is completed (generally deletion takes place no more than eight weeks after the deadline for participating in the competition), unless we have other statutory retention obligations (e.g. relating to tax law).
For competitions – unless otherwise indicated – we use software from the provider Alchemer. Alchemer is operated by Alchemer LLC, 168 Centennial Pkwy, Louisville, CO 80027, USA.
1.3. Surveys
We use the provider Alchemer to integrate surveys on our websites. Alchemer is operated by Alchemer LLC, 168 Centennial Pkwy, Louisville, CO 80027, USA.
The data recorded are processed for surveys, to improve our services, and to organize competitions. Your personalized data will be deleted from the tool no later than 8 weeks after conclusion of the given campaign. Insofar as this involves the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
Data are processed exclusively within the EU. Further information on data processing and data protection by Alchemer is available at
https://www.alchemer.com/privacy
.
2. Advertising and Marketing Messages / Customer Satisfaction Surveys
Your personalized data are used for the purpose of advertising and/or marketing and for the purpose of performing customer satisfaction surveys only when corresponding permission has been granted, or when there is another legal basis that permits advertising or marketing messages even without express consent (e.g., in accordance with the Act Against Unfair Competition).
The legal foundation for advertising and/or marketing measures on the basis of express consent is Article 6 (1a) of the GDPR; correspondingly, the remarks on consent in (III) apply. The legal basis for the use of personal data for the purpose of direct marketing by post is Art. 6 (1f) of the GDPR (legitimate interest); the legitimate interest here consists in addressing potential customers for the purpose of direct advertising for our products and services. For advertising and/or marketing measures via email for the purpose of direct advertising for similar wares or services of our own, the legal basis is Section 7(3) of the German Fair Trade Practices Act (UWG); this is subject to the condition that (i) we received your email address in connection with the sale of a good or service, (ii) you did not refuse to allow your email address to be used for the purpose of direct advertising and (iii) upon the collection of your email address and every time we use it, we clearly point out that you may refuse at any time to have your email address used in this way (on the right to refuse, see [X.6]).
Your personal data will be stored and used for advertising purposes indefinitely, depending on the respective legal basis for the advertising measure (consent or legitimate interest), until you object to the use of your data for advertising purposes or until you revoke your corresponding consent. You can revoke consent to a processing of personal data at any time, with effect for the future. You may object to processing on the basis of legitimate interests at any time. In the event of revocation and/or objection, the personal data will no longer be processed for the purposes concerned; with the exception of processing of data which is still required for the purpose of fulfilling the contract (Art. 6 (1b) of the GDPR) including statutory storage obligations and/or if the data are still required within the framework of legitimate interests (Art. 6 (1b) GDPR) (e.g. in the event of an advertising objection, processing of data in a ‘blacklist’in order to prevent future advertising approaches).
3. Google Maps
We use maps from Google Maps on our website. Google Maps is operated by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
On some pages (e.g., the retailer search) we use a Google Maps plug-in. When you open a page equipped with such a plug-in, a connection to Google Maps is not established automatically. A connection to Google Maps is established only when you consent to the display of contents. Further information on data processing and data protection by Google Maps (Google) is available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
4. Social Networks
On our websites we use social network plug-ins in accordance with the information from the providers listed below, so that you can enjoy the interactive potentials of the social networks you use on our websites as well. With these plug-ins we embed video contents into the websites. This makes various functions available, the object and extent of which are determined by the operators of the social networks. Keep in mind that the IP address of your browser session may be linked to your own profile with the given social network if you are currently logged in to that network. Similarly, your visit to our websites can be linked to your profile with the social network if it recognizes you from a cookie that was set during a previous session with the social network and is still stored on your computer.
Please note that we are not the provider of the social networks and thus have no influence on data processing by the given provider. For more information on data handling, please refer to the websites of the respective social network operators.
4.1. Facebook
Our websites do not include any plug-ins from the social network Facebook belonging to Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5, Ireland. There is merely a passive link to our contents on Facebook.
If you contact us and interact with us on Facebook (requests, ‘like’ button, comments, etc.), be it for the purpose of support requests, sales queries, requests regarding the company, press queries, or in order to send us feedback, we also use the Swat.io tool from Swat.io GmbH, Schönbrunner Str. 213-215, Floor 3, 1120 Vienna, Austria, as well as software from Zendesk Inc., 989 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA to process the user data generated by Facebook in order to process these requests. Insofar as this involves the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
4.2. X (formerly Twitter)
Our websites have not embedded any functions from the social network "X" belonging to Twitter International Unlimited Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland. There is merely a passive link to our contents on X.
If you contact us and interact with us on X (requests, comments, etc.), be it for the purpose of support requests, sales queries, requests regarding the company, press queries, or in order to send us feedback, we also use the Swat.io tool from Swat.io GmbH, Schönbrunner Str. 213-215, Floor 3, 1120 Vienna, Austria, as well as software from Zendesk Inc., 989 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA to process the user data generated by X in order to process these requests. Insofar as this involves the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
4.3. LinkedIn
Our websites have not embedded any functions from the social network "LinkedIn" belonging to LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. There is merely a passive link to our contents on LinkedIn.
If you contact us and interact with us on LinkedIn (requests, comments, etc.), be it for the purpose of support requests, sales queries, requests regarding the company, press queries, or in order to send us feedback, we also use the Swat.io tool from Swat.io GmbH, Schönbrunner Str. 213-215, Floor 3, 1120 Vienna, Austria, to process the user data generated by LinkedIn in order to process these requests. Insofar as this involves the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
4.4. XING
Our websites have not embedded any functions from the "XING" service belonging to New Work SE, Am Strandkai 1, 20457 Hamburg, Germany.
If you contact us and interact with us on XING (requests, comments, etc.), be it for the purpose of support requests, sales queries, requests regarding the company, press queries, or in order to send us feedback, we also use the Swat.io tool from Swat.io GmbH, Schönbrunner Str. 213-215, Floor 3, 1120 Vienna, Austria, to process the user data generated by XING in order to process these requests. Insofar as this involves the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
4.5. YouTube
We use the provider YouTube to integrate videos (‘Ask FRITZ!’, etc.) YouTube is operated by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
On some pages we also use a YouTube plug-in. When you open a page equipped with such a plug-in, no connection to YouTube servers is established automatically. A connection to YouTube is established only when you consent to the display of contents. Further information on data processing and data protection by YouTube is available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
If you contact us and interact with us on YouTube (requests, comments, etc.), for example for the purpose of support requests, sales queries, requests regarding the company, press queries, or in order to send us feedback, we also use the Swat.io tool from Swat.io GmbH, Schönbrunner Str. 213-215, Floor 3, 1120 Vienna, Austria, to process the user data generated by YouTube in order to process these requests. Insofar as this involves the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
4.6. Instagram
There are no plug-ins from the social network Instagram, belonging to Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5, Ireland, integrated on our websites. There is merely a passive link to our contents on Instagram.
If you contact us and interact with us on Instagram (requests, comments, etc.), be it for the purpose of support requests, sales queries, requests regarding the company, press queries, or in order to send us feedback, we also use the Swat.io tool from Swat.io GmbH, Schönbrunner Str. 213-215, Floor 3, 1120 Vienna, Austria, to process the user data generated by Instagram in order to process these requests. Insofar as this involves the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
5. Messaging apps
If you follow our channels on the messaging apps WhatsApp and Telegram, the public username and ID you use there are displayed to us. Your data (username) are processed exclusively for the purpose of providing with information about the latest news from AVM, as requested by you. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1b) of the GDPR. You can unsubscribe from the news service at any time. More information is provided in the data protection statement of the respective service provider (WhatsApp:
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/privacy-policy-eea
and Telegram:
https://telegram.org/privacy/de
).
6. Zack Speed Test
At
zack.avm.de
you can determine the upload and download speeds and the ping time of your broadband connection. This test uses a PHP script via the provider GeoIPLookup.io to retrieve the IP address of your connection along with the approximate geo-data as well as your internet provider and type of browser. If you use a FRITZ!Box, depending on the browser, the FRITZ!Box model and FRITZ!OS version will also be displayed. No data processing takes place on our servers. No IP address is saved.
1. Contact Forms
On our websites there are various contact forms (web forms) or contact options for different topics, which the user can use to establish contact with us electronically (for instance, for product and sales consultation, product suggestions, support requests, chat support). If the user uses these forms, the data entered in the input mask by the user or data on the phone contact are transmitted to us and stored. Depending on the form used or the type of contact, these data can include:
Company*
First name*
Surname*
Phone number*
Email*
Type of query* (private or business customer / vendor)
Postal code*
Country
When you can be reached
Any relevant documents/materials/support information/logs
Internet provider*
* Fields containing mandatory information (depending on the web form or type of contact used), which are required for the purpose of registration/contact are marked with an asterisk (in the input mask as well) to designate them as required.
2. Feedback
On our websites users are able to send us feedback e.g. in the FRITZ! Lab.
If the user makes use of this, the data entered in the input mask are transmitted to us and stored. These statistical data cover:
First name
Surname
Email address
When the message is sent, the following data are also processed:
the user's IP address
date and time when message was dispatched
To process your feedback we use software from Alchemer LLC, 168 Centennial Pkwy, Louisville, CO 80027, USA. Data are processed exclusively within the EU. Further information on data processing and data protection by Alchemer is available at
https://www.alchemer.com/privacy
.
3. Email contact
Alternatively, you can contact us using the email addresses listed on the websites. In this case the personalized data of the user transmitted with the email will be stored. We process email queries using software from Zendesk Inc., 989 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA - see also at
https://www.zendesk.de/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-notice/
. Insofar as this involves the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis.
4. Chat Support
On our websites you also have the opportunity to enter into a chat with our support staff, for instance, in order to receive information on our products ("chat function").
When the chat is used, the following (personalized) data are processed:
Name
Title
Language settings
Date and time
IP address
Email address
Contents of your communication
Information on the web browser used (language settings, software version, etc.)
Country, city / approximate location
AVM processes personalized data provided by a user through a chat only insofar as they are necessary to respond to your personal query in the chat. You decide whether the data listed above are stored for the purposes listed under 6.
If the query cannot be answered conclusively in the chat, your query may be transferred by our staff to our AVM Support desk. The text you entered within the chat (including any personalized data you provided in this context) will be forwarded there.
5. Support Requests
We process support requests (by email or phone) as well as queries via chat support using software from Zendesk Inc., 989 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA - see also at
https://www.zendesk.de/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-notice/
- as well as software telegra GmbH, Oskar-Jäger-Straße 125, 50825 Cologne, Germany - see also at
https://www.telegra.com/datenschutzerklaerung/
. We also use SugarCRM software from Insignio CRM GmbH, Ludwig-Erhard-Str. 14, 34131 Kassel, Germany, to organize and store the data. In the case of phone contact, we reserve the right - also in the interest of further inquiries - to process your phone number in addition to your name and the associated support query. Insofar as this involves the processing of personalized data, Article 6(1b) of the GDPR is the legal basis..
In addition to the chat function, users can receive information from AVM by phone or via the contact form on the company's Product and Sales consultation pages. For more information on these options, go to
en.avm.de/products/sales-consultation
.
6. Purpose and Legal Basis
These data are processed exclusively for the purpose of responding to the given request or suggestion. The other data collected during transmission of the message serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
Insofar as data are processed for the purpose of fulfilling a customer order or responding to a customer request, the legal basis for data processing is Article 6 (1b) of the GDPR, regardless of whether contact was made via a contact form, by email, or by phone. The legal basis for processing the user's feedback is Article 6 (1f) of the GDPR. We are interested in improving our products and services for our users. The legal basis for processing the data with the user's consent is Article 6 (1a) of the GDPR. The legal basis for collecting additional data during sending is Article 6 (1f) of the GDPR; the legitimate interest here is in the prevention of misuse and ensuring system security (cf. [V.1]).
7. Data Erasure and Storage Period
In general, data are erased as soon as they are no longer required to achieve the purpose of their collection. For the personalized data from the input mask of the contact form and those that were sent by email, this is the case when the given communication with the user has ended and/or the user's request was responded to conclusively. The communication is concluded, or a conclusive response is provided, when the circumstances allow the conclusion that the matter concerned has been resolved; in the case of support and chat support, no more than 2 years after the last communication, with the exception of the cases listed in (III.7), or after no more than 3 years if we offered you a replacement under warranty and/or your problem requires interaction with our development department. In the case of warranty processing, we delete the associated communication required no later than upon expiry of the warranty period. Instead of being deleted, data will be stored and locked if further storage of the data is required for the reasons listed in (III.7).
8. Opt-out and Elimination Options
The user has the possibility to terminate communication with us and/or rescind his request at any time, and to object to the corresponding use of their data. In such a case the communication cannot be continued. In this case, all personalized data stored in the course of making contact are erased, unless the further storage of data is required for the reasons listed in (III.6 and IX.7.).
According to the GDPR, the user is entitled in particular to the following data subject rights:
1. Right to information (Article 15 of the GDPR)
You have the right to request information about whether or not we process personalized data pertaining to you. If personalized data pertaining to you are processed by our company, you are entitled to information about
the purposes of processing;
the categories of personalized data (kinds of data) that are processed;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom your data were disclosed or are to be disclosed; this is the case especially when data were disclosed or are to be disclosed to recipients in third countries outside the purview of the GDPR;
the planned duration of storage, to the extent this is possible; if the duration of storage cannot be given, in any case the criteria for determining the duration of storage (e.g. legal retention periods or the like) must be communicated;
your right to rectification and erasure of the data pertaining to you, including the right to restrict processing and/or the right to revoke consent (on this, see also the subsequent clauses);
the existence of the right to lodge an appeal with a supervisory authority;
the source of the data, if the personalized data were not collected from you directly.
Further, you are entitled to information about whether your personalized data are the object of automated decisions in the sense of Article 22 of the GDPR, and, if this is the case, which decision criteria are the basis for such an automated decision (logic) or what the effects and consequences the automated decision can have for you.
If personalized data are transmitted to a third country outside the purview of the GDPR, you are entitled to information about whether, and if so, on the basis of which guarantees, an adequate level of protection is ensured by the data recipient in the third country in accordance with Articles 45 and 46 of the GDPR.
You have the right to request a copy of your personalized data. We always provide copies of data in electronic form unless you request otherwise. The first copy is free of charge; for additional copies, reasonable compensation can be requested. The copy is provided as long as the rights and freedoms of other persons are not compromised through the transmission of the copied data.
2. Right to Rectification (Article 16 of the GDPR)
You have the right to request that we rectify your data, should these be incorrect, inaccurate and/or incomplete; the right to rectification includes the right to complete your data by adding supplementary clarifications or information. A rectification and/or supplement must take place immediately – that is, without undue delay.
3. Right to Erasure (Article 17 of the GDPR)
You have the right to request that we erase your personalized data, insofar as
the personalized data are no longer required for the purposes for which they were collected and processed;
data processing takes place on the basis of consent you granted and you have rescinded your consent, insofar as there is no other legal basis for data processing;
you entered an objection to data processing in accordance with Article 21 of the GDPR and there are no overriding reasons for further processing;
you entered an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising in accordance with Article 21(2) of the GDPR;
your personalized data were processed illegally;
the data in question concern a child, and were collected in relation to information society services in accordance with Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
There is no right to the erasure of personalized data insofar as
the rights to freedom of expression and to knowledge are in conflict with the request for erasure;
the processing of personalized data (i) in order to fulfil a legal obligation (e.g. legal retention periods), (ii) in order to fulfil public duties and interests in accordance with EU law and/or the law of the member states (this also includes interests in the area of public health) or (iii) for the purposes of archiving or research;
the personalized data are required for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The erasure must take place immediately – that is, without undue delay. If personalized data have been made public by us (e.g. in the internet), we are responsible, in the framework of what is technically possible and reasonable, for informing third-party processors about the erasure request, including the deletion of links, copies and or replicates.
4. Right to Restriction of Processing (Article 18 of the GDPR)
You have the right to have the processing of your personalized data restricted in the following cases:
If you have contested the accuracy of your personalized data, you can request that your data not be used for other purposes for the duration of the accuracy check and insofar restricted.
In the case of illegal data processing you can request the restriction of data use in accordance with Article 18 of the GDPR rather than data erasure according to Article 17 (1d) of the GDPR.
If you need your personalized data for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims, but your personalized data are otherwise no longer required, you can request that we restrict processing to the above-mentioned purpose of legal proceedings.
If you entered an objection to data processing in accordance with Article 21(1) of the GDPR and it has not yet been decided whether our interests in processing override your interests, you can request that your data not be used for other purposes for the duration of the review and insofar be restricted.
5. Right to Data Portability (Article 20 of the GDPR)
Subject to the following provisions, you have the right to receive the data pertaining to you in a commonly used, machine-readable format. The right to data portability includes the right to transmission of the data to another controller; upon request we will thus – insofar as it is technically possible – transmit data directly to a controller you specify or will specify in the future. The right to data portability applies only for the data provided by you and assumes that the data are processed on the basis of consent or for performance of a contract, and is executed using automated methods. The right to data portability in accordance with Article 20 of the GDPR does not affect the right to data erasure in accordance with Article 17 of the GDPR. The data are transmitted only if the rights and freedoms of other persons cannot be compromised through the data transmission.
6. Right to Object (Article 21 of the GDPR)
In the case of processing of personalized data in order to fulfil a task carried out in the public interest (Article 6[1e] of the GDPR) or for the purpose of pursuing legitimate interests (Article 6[1f] of the GDPR), you can object prospectively to the processing of personalized data pertaining to you at any time. In the case of an objection we have to refrain from any further processing of your data for the above mentioned reasons, unless
there are compelling and legitimate reasons for processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or
the processing is required for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You can object prospectively to the use of your data for the purpose of direct advertising at any time; this is also true for any profiling associated with the direct advertising. In the case of an objection we have to refrain from any further processing of your data for the purpose of direct advertising.
7. Legal Protections / Right to Petition a Supervisory Authority
In the case of complaints, you can contact a supervisory authority of the EU or the member states at any time. The supervisory authority named in (II) is responsible for our company.
(Last updated: March 2025)
AVM Computersysteme Vertriebs GmbH continually checks and updates the information provided on these web pages. Despite our most diligent efforts it can occur that data presented here have changed in the meantime. Therefore AVM cannot guarantee that the information made available here is accurate, complete or up to date. No liability is assumed for damages that arise directly or indirectly from the use of these web pages, unless they are attributable to intent or gross negligence, or if liability is stipulated by compulsory statutory regulations.
© AVM GmbH, Berlin, Germany. All rights reserved.
Texts, images, graphics, sounds, animations or videos, and their arrangement on these web pages, are subject to worldwide copyright laws and other protective legislation. Unauthorized use, reproduction or transmission of individual contents or complete pages can be prosecuted by under both civil and criminal law. AVM emphasizes that some of the images included on these web pages are copyrighted by third parties. All addresses on AVM's web pages are published for the exclusive purpose of providing information. No commercial use by third parties is permitted.
Unless otherwise indicated, all trademarks mentioned on these web pages are legally protected trademarks owned by AVM GmbH, especially product names and logos. Microsoft, Windows and the Windows logo are trademarks owned by Microsoft Corporation in the USA and/or other countries. Android is a trademark of Google, Inc. Bluetooth is a trademark of Bluetooth SIG, Incorporated and licenced to AVM GmbH. WireGuard is a registered trademark belonging to Jason A. Donenfeld in the US and/or other countries (
wireguard.com
). All other products and company names are trademarks of their respective owners.
To the extent that our products are directly or indirectly using technical IP rights, the teaching of which is a mandatory or optional part of international technical standards – e.g. in the field of telecommunication – we herewith explicitly declare our willingness to accept a license offer based on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory conditions, unless the acts of use committed by us and/or our customers are already covered by a license agreement of one of our suppliers or other provider and no rights were exhausted.
According to general law, as the content provider for its own contents, AVM is responsible for the contents provided for use. These contents are to be distinguished from the links to contents made available by other providers. The link is a way for AVM to make "foreign contents" available for use. AVM is responsible for these contents only if AVM has positive knowledge of them (i.e. and of any unlawful or criminal content) and if it is technically possible and reasonable to expect AVM to prevent their use.
The links, however, always constitute "living" (dynamic) references. AVM checked the foreign content the first time it was linked, in order to clear the company of any possible civil or criminal liability. However, according to law AVM is not obligated to constantly check the contents to which it provides links on its web pages for changes that could provide a new basis for liability. Should AVM discover, or be informed by others, that a concrete web page to which AVM provided a link entails civil or criminal liability, then it will remove the link, insofar as it is technically possible and reasonable to do so.
AVM reserves the right at any time to change the information provided, in part or in full, or to add to it or remove it.
AVM reserves the right at any time to change the information provided, in part or in full, or to add to it or remove it.
On our social media channels, users can communicate with each other and ask AVM questions about our products and other services. We encourage and enjoy lively discussions within the community and try to answer questions as quickly as possible. As a rule, questions that come to us in the evening after regular business hours, on holidays or weekends are dealt with on the next business day.
It is important to us that the communication is equitable. We communicate respectfully and fairly and endeavour to maintain polite and objective interaction with our users. We expect other users to behave in the same way when dealing with each other and with AVM. Comments made on our social media channels are public.
The following are not permitted:
insults, threats and slurs of all types
slander and defamatory statements about AVM and other users
incitement to violence
advertising or publicity for elections and political parties
radical ideas, racism and hate propaganda
pornography and obscenities
violating the rights of third parties
posting personal correspondence and disclosing personal information (addresses, email addresses, phone numbers)
calls to campaigns, rallies and appeals for donations
misuse of the comments function for commercial purposes
AVM reserves the right to erase comments and block users who repeatedly violate this Netiquette. Each user is solely responsible for any postings or comments they make. AVM assumes no liability for users’ content.
AVM reserves the right at any time to change the information provided, in part or in full, or to add to it or remove it.
Language selection
Deutschland
International (English)
United Kingdom
Österreich
Nederland
España
Italia
Polska
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (Français)
Luxemburg (Deutsch)
Luxembourg (Français)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Suisse (Français)
Close language selection
Sub-policy 3
https://letsencrypt.org/privacy:
Thousands of people around the world make our work possible. Donate today.
Privacy Policy
Zobraz v angličtině
Se på Dansk
Auf Deutsch ansehen
Ver en español
Katso suomeksi
Voir en français
לעבור לעברית
Visualizza in italiano
한국어로 보기
Ver em Português (do brasil)
Просмотреть на русском
Переглянути українською
阅读简体中文页面
Last updated:
Jan 15, 2025
The Let’s Encrypt Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and disclose your information in three different contexts:
When, as a Relying Party, you visit a web site secured with HTTPS that uses a certificate from Let’s Encrypt,
When you are a Subscriber, i.e., when you request and use certificates from Let’s Encrypt,
When you are a Visitor to the Let’s Encrypt web site, community discussion forum, other web pages under letsencrypt.org, and third-party social media sites on which Let’s Encrypt operates an account.
Let’s Encrypt is a service provided by
Internet Security Research Group
, a California (United States) Nonprofit Public Benefit Corporation.
Relying Party
When you use an HTTPS web site or other TLS service with a Let’s Encrypt certificate, your browser (or TLS client) may query Let’s Encrypt to check whether the certificate has been revoked. If your browser makes such a request, our servers may automatically record your IP address, browser, and operating system in temporary server log files. We do not use this data to build profiles or identify individuals. Temporary server logs are used for operational purposes only and are normally deleted in less than seven days. We may retain a subset of server logs for longer periods in order to investigate software failures or abuse. If we do so, we will delete any stored logs when we are done investigating. We may also compute, retain and publish aggregate information from server logs, such as which certificates generate the largest volume of requests. We will always strive to ensure that such datasets do not contain information about the activities of identifiable users or devices.
Subscriber
If you are a Subscriber, you are requesting a trusted certificate from Let’s Encrypt intended to publicly vouch that you control a certain domain name or names that are reachable on the Internet. As part of the process of proving that control, Let’s Encrypt will collect various information related to certificate authentication and management. That information includes the IP addresses from which you access the Let’s Encrypt service; all resolved IP addresses for any requested identifiers; server information related to any validation requests; full logs of all inbound HTTP / ACME requests, all outbound validation requests; and information sent by or inferred from your client software. We will store this information for a minimum of two years per trusted root program requirements.
We need to be able to demonstrate to the public, including those who rely on the trustworthiness of our certificates, that our services perform as expected. As a result, we may be unable to delete information, including IP addresses. This information may be made public in a number of ways, including via public API, public repositories such as Certificate Transparency (CT) logs, and/or public discussions.
You may have the option to provide contact information, such as your email address, for account service and recovery purposes. Your contact information will not be made public, and it will only be shared per “Law Enforcement and Extenuating Circumstances,” below. By providing your email address, you are consenting to receive service-related emails from us. You may unsubscribe from service-related emails at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our emails or by contacting us at
privacy@abetterinternet.org
. We will not use your contact information for marketing or promotional purposes without your consent.
You may need to download client software from a repository such as those run by Debian, Ubuntu, Red Hat, or GitHub. Your interaction with such a software repository is governed by that repository’s own privacy policy and/or Terms of Use.
Visitor
When you are a Visitor browsing an ISRG web site, you have the option to make a donation. Donations are processed by our trusted payment partners including DonorBox, Stripe, Shopify, and PayPal, depending on the payment method selected, and stored in ISRG’s Salesforce database and Sage Intacct as necessary. We collect your name and email address, and, if you provide it, your mailing address when you donate. Once you donate, we will use your information for our legitimate interest in processing and managing your contribution, including fundraising reminders and renewals. Your interactions with
DonorBox
,
Stripe
,
PayPal
,
Shopify
,
The Giving Block
,
Salesforce
,
Printful
,
Formstack
, and
Sage Intacct
are governed by their respective privacy policies. We do not collect or retain any credit card or bank information related to donations.
You may provide your email address to receive communications related to ISRG projects through a signup on an ISRG web site and via other marketing materials. Any communication delivered via Salesforce and your interactions with
Salesforce
are governed by their privacy policies. With your consent, we may occasionally use your email address to send personalized communications related to ISRG and its projects. You can withdraw this consent by opting out via the footer of our emails or emailing us at
press@abetterinternet.org
.
If you register to use an ISRG community support forum, the personal information you provide and your actions there are governed by the privacy policy of our hosting and software provider for the forum,
Civilized Discourse Construction Kit
. We do not collect or maintain personal information through our offering of this support forum.
We Do Not Sell Your Data or Information
We do not sell your data or information. This includes Relying Party, Subscriber, and Visitor data and information.
Use of Third-Party Analytics and Email Marketing Tools
To enhance our understanding of how our visitors engage with our websites and emails, and to improve our fundraising and marketing strategies, ISRG may from time to time deploy third-party web and email analytics tools, specifically Google Analytics for our websites and Salesforce Account Engagement for our marketing emails.
Google Analytics: This tool collects data on how visitors interact with our websites, including page visits, duration of page and site visits, and navigation paths. We use this information to analyze website performance and user engagement. We retain the data collected by Google Analytics as long as necessary for traffic analysis purposes. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Google Ads Settings page. Additionally, you can prevent your data from being collected by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
. You can learn more about how Google uses data when you use our site by visiting
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use their services
.
Salesforce Account Engagement: For our marketing emails, Salesforce Account Engagement helps us understand recipient activities, such as email opens and clicks. We use this engagement data to evaluate the performance of our email campaigns and understand our audience’s behavior. We retain engagement data for as long as we utilize Salesforce Account Engagement. You can opt-out of marketing communications from us at any time by using the unsubscribe link provided in our emails or by contacting us directly at
press@abetterinternet.org
.
Law Enforcement Requests and Extenuating Circumstances
To the extent we possess it, we may disclose personally identifiable information about you to third parties in limited circumstances. Such circumstances include when we have your consent or when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order. We may also disclose account recovery information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent loss of life, personal injury, damage to property, or significant financial harm.
If we are required by law to disclose the information that you have submitted, we will attempt to provide you with prior notice (unless we are prohibited, or it would be futile) that a request for your information has been made in order to give you an opportunity to object to the disclosure. We will attempt to provide this notice by whatever means is reasonably practical. If you do not challenge the disclosure request, we may be legally required to turn over your information.
In addition, we reserve the right, solely at our discretion, to independently object to certain requests (for access to information about users of our products and technologies) that we believe to be improper.
What rights do European Economic Area relying parties, subscribers, and visitors have under GDPR, and how can I exercise them?
We process personal data as described in this policy. The purpose and lawful basis for information processing is as follows:
Purpose:
Providing Certificate Status Information
Lawful Basis:
Legitimate Interests
Additional Information:
We collect and process information from Relying Parties in order to reliably provide certificate status information.
Purpose:
Providing Certificate Issuance and Management Services
Lawful Basis:
Contract, Legitimate Interests
Additional Information:
We collect and process information from Subscribers in order to provide reliable and secure certificate issuance and management services, and to demonstrate to the public that our services perform as expected.
Purpose:
Providing Information to Visitors
Lawful Basis:
Consent, Legitimate Interests
Additional Information:
We collect and process information from Visitors in order to provide information via the Web and email in a reliable and efficient manner.
Purpose:
Processing Donations and Sponsorship Inquiries
Lawful Basis:
Legitimate Interests
Additional Information:
We collect and process information in order to process and support donations.
Purpose:
Legal Obligations and Extenuating Circumstances
Lawful Basis:
Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interests
Additional Information:
We may collect and process information in order to comply with legal obligations and when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent loss of life, personal injury, damage to property, or significant financial harm.
Please note that we may be unable to delete information, including IP addresses, as this information is necessary for others to rely on in determining the trustworthiness of our certificates. In some cases, we may process personal data pursuant to legal obligation or to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Your personal data may be collected from or transferred to jurisdictions where we and our service providers store or process data, including the United States. These jurisdictions may not provide the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction, including the EEA. We have taken steps to ensure that our service providers provide an adequate level of protection for the personal data of EEA residents, including by entering into data processing agreements using the European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses, or by using other safeguards approved by the European Commission. You have a right to obtain details of the mechanism under which your personal information is transferring outside the EU by emailing us at the contact information below.
Individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA) have certain rights in respect to their personal information, including the right to access, correct, or delete personal data we process through your use of our sites and services. If you’re an individual who is a relying party, subscriber, or visitor based in the EEA, you can:
Request a personal data report by emailing us at
privacy@abetterinternet.org
. This report will include the personal data we have about you, provided to you in a structured, commonly used, and portable format. Please note that we may request additional information from you to verify your identity before we disclose any information.
Request that your information be corrected or deleted by contacting us at
privacy@abetterinternet.org
.
Object to us processing your information. You can ask us to stop using your information, including when we use your information to send you service emails. You may withdraw your consent to receive service emails at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found within Let’s Encrypt emails.
Complain to a regulator. If you’re based in the EEA and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
For more information, or to report a privacy issue, please contact:
privacy@abetterinternet.org
.
Complete your gift to make an impact