Privacy
This Website collects some Personal Data from its Users. The protection of your privacy is very important to us. We do not rent or sell your data for marketing purposes.
Users may be subject to different protection standards and broader standards may therefore apply to some. In order to learn more about the protection criteria, Users can refer to the applicability section.
Owner and Data Controller
Authenticated By Ltd
Unit 2 Western Avenue Business Park
Mansfield Road
Acton
London
W3 0BZ
Owner contact email:
support@klekt.com
Types of data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Website and App collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies; Usage Data; first name; last name; age; home address; phone number; email address; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example)
Personal data is information about your identity, such as your name, address, date of birth or email address and complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Website.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Website is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Website to provide its services. In cases where this Website specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Website or by the owners of third-party services used by this Website serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Website and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Methods of processing
Mode and place of processing the Data
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorised destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organisational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Website (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases.
This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
Provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
Processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Data Stored
The Data is processed at the Owner’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User’s location, data transfers may involve transferring the User’s Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
If broader protection standards are applicable, Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organisation governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention Time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for. Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn.
Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, SPAM protection, Contacting the User, Advertising, Tag Management, Managing Contacts and sending messages and Interaction with external social networks and platforms.
Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilised for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Website, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data is used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioural retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behaviour, including those detected outside this Website. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Facebook Audience Network (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook, Inc. In order to understand Facebook’s use of Data, consult Facebook’s data policy.
This Website may use identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Facebook Audience Network service. One of the ways Audience Network shows ads is by using the User’s ad preferences. The User can control this in the Facebook ad settings.
Users may opt-out of certain Audience Network targeting through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Audience Network related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyse web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
AdEspresso conversion tracking (Creative Web Srl)
AdEspresso conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Creative Web Srl that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Website.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Italy – Privacy Policy.
Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel) (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel) is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Website. The Facebook pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on Facebook, Instagram and Audience Network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Contacting the User
Contact form (this Website)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorises this Website to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Website.
The interaction and information obtained through this Website are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on this Website isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.
PayPal button and widgets (PayPal Inc.)
The PayPal button and widgets are services allowing interaction with the PayPal platform provided by PayPal Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: See the PayPal privacy policy – Privacy Policy.
YouTube button and social widgets (Google Inc.)
The YouTube button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the YouTube social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Klaviyo is an email service and message sending service.
Personal Data collected: email address; first name; last name, email preferences, address, mobile telephone number (if provided by the User)
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows this Website and its partners to inform, optimise and serve advertising based on past use of this Website by the User.
This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Google Ads Remarketing (Google LLC)
Google Ads Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC that connects the activity of this Website with the Google Ads advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie.
Users can opt out of Google’s use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Website with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; email address.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Facebook Remarketing (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Website with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Tag Management
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Website in a centralised fashion.
This results in the Users’ Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google Tag Manager (Google LLC)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Third Party App Stores
We obtain information about you including transaction information from third party app store you use to install our app. If you create or log into your account through a social media service account, we will have access to certain information from that account, such as your name and other account information, in accordance with the authorisation procedures set out by that social media service.
Mobile Push Notifications / Alerts
With your consent, we send promotional and other push notifications to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device
The rights of users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
Users entitled to broader protection standards may exercise any of the rights described below. In all other cases, Users may inquire with the Owner to find out which rights apply to them.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User’s consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Applicability of broader protection standards
While most provisions of this document concern all Users, some provisions expressly only apply if the processing of Personal Data is subject to broader protection standards.
Such broader protection standards apply when the processing
is performed by an Owner based within the EU;
concerns the Personal Data of Users who are in the EU and is related to the offering of paid or unpaid goods or services, to such Users;
concerns the Personal Data of Users who are in the EU and allows the Owner to monitor such Users’ behavior taking place in the EU.
Cookie Policy
This Website uses Cookies.
To learn more and for a detailed cookie notice, the User may consult the Cookie Policy.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal Action:
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Website or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Website may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request
System logs and maintenance:
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Website and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Website (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy:
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
This Website does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies
Changes to this policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within this Website and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
The Website
All references to ‘The Website’ refer to the website
www.klekt.com
and the App: KLEKT
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Website (or third-party services employed in this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilised by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilised to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilised by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User:
The individual using this Website who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.
This Website (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service. The service provided by this Website as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookies
Small sets of data stored in the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Website, if not stated otherwise within this document.
TERMS OF USE:
AuthenticatedBy Limited is committed to respecting the privacy of our customers and the users of our website www.klekt.com (the Website). The following statement explains our policy regarding the personal information we collect from you in connection with your use of our Website
References to we, our or us in this privacy policy are to AuthenticatedBy Limited.
We are registered in England and Wales under company number 11767589 and our registered office is at Unit 2 Western Avenue Business Park, Mansfield Road, Acton, London, United Kingdom, W3 0BZ.
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION
1.1 When you use the Website, in particular if you have an online account with us, you may provide us with personal information about you including:
In the course of your registration as a member, we collect the following data from you:
Full name
E-mail address
Password
Date of Birth
Registration is also possible via a Facebook account. After entering
          the login data for the Facebook account, we use the user's Facebook
          data accordingly in the member's profile on KLEKT.
Completion of the profile:
In addition to the data provided during registration, the following data is collected to complete the profile:
Country
Phone Number
Full Address
Email
Date of Birth
Personalisation such as shoe size / favourite sneaker brand and favourite products (optional)
Participation in electronic payment methods, other fee-based services
If you decide to use electronic payment methods or other chargeable services on the platform, we will also collect the email address and billing address of the linked PayPal account if you use the PayPal payment method, if stored there.
We use Hyperwallet as a payment method for sellers. Participation requires establishing a Hyperwallet account. All data collected is subject to the Hyperwallet privacy policy.
We are committed to protecting your privacy, and will only use your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection legislation, including the Data Protection Act 1998 and (once applicable) the General Data Protection Regulation.
1.2 Where you create a user account with us, you will be required to provide some basic data about yourself. This is information that we consider necessary or desirable so that we can properly administer your account and provide the website to you. If you do not agree to us holding this information about you, please do not register.
1.3 You are entitled by law to ask for a copy of your personal information at any time. Please contact us using the details in paragraph 1.
We may charge you a fee for this which shall not exceed £10. You are entitled to ask us to correct or update your personal information at any time by contacting us at the address above.
2. USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
2.1 We (and our representatives) may use your personal information for the purposes of:
2.1.1 carrying out our obligations under any contracts entered into between you and us including processing any order(s) you make, or products you list.
2.1.2 authorising payments and/or sending a bill to you;
2.1.3 maintaining the account you hold with us;
2.1.4 ensuring that our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer;
2.1.5 providing you with information, products and/or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, managing competitions or undertaking surveys or market research
2.1.6 notifying you about a change to our Website
2.1.7 record-keeping and tracking your use of the Website through use of cookies and log files (see paragraphs 6 and 7 below).
2.2 If you do not want us to contact you in the way set out at paragraph 2.1.5 you can “opt out” by indicating this when submitting email forms on the Website or by contacting us as described in paragraph 1.1.
2.3 By using our Website and submitting personal information, you consent to us using your personal information in the way described in this privacy policy. You have the right to withdraw this consent at any time, which you may do by contacting us as described in paragraph 1.1. Please note however that the withdrawal of your consent will not affect any use of the data made before you withdraw your consent.
3. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
You consent to us (and our representatives) disclosing your personal information to third parties:
3.1 in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
3.2 if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply such other terms as apply to our relationship, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, ourselves or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; and
3.3 if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Website.
4. PROVIDING YOUR INFORMATION TO OTHER USERS
Where you submit content to our Website, for example comments on blog posts, we may display some information about you, including your username and any information that you have included in your profile for public display.
5. RETENTION, UPDATING AND REMOVAL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.1 Where you provide us with personal information during the course of your usage of the Website, we may retain this information for future use, including:
5.1.1 to speed up your future use of the Website, for example retaining your delivery address for future orders;
5.1.2 for record keeping purposes, such as keeping a record of orders that you place or content that you submit;
5.1.3 for exercising our rights, such as publishing content that you submit in accordance with our terms of use; and/or
5.1.4 to provide on-going services.
5.2 The duration for which we retain your personal information will differ depending on the type of information and the reason why it was submitted. However, in some cases personal information may be retained on a long term basis: for example, basic personal information about you will normally be retained for so long as you maintain an account with us, and personal information that we need to retain for legal purposes will normally be retained for at least six years in accordance with usual commercial practice and regulatory requirements.
5.3 You are responsible for ensuring that the personal information that we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date, and you should check it on a regular basis. Much of the personal information that we hold about you can be updated through our Website, and where this personal information changes you can update it yourself. If you are unable to do this however you can contact us using the details in paragraph 1.1 and, where appropriate, we will update the relevant personal information for you.
5.4 If you wish to close your account with us please contact us. The closure of your account will result in the deletion of some of the personal information that we hold about you, but we may still retain some personal information, for example for record keeping purposes or where it is included in content that you have submitted to us which we have published on our Website or elsewhere in accordance with our terms of use.
5.5 If you are intending to move any of your personal information to another website, please let us know before you close your account so that we can make arrangements to provide you with a copy of your personal information.
5.6 You may in certain circumstances be entitled to request the erasure of personal information that we hold on you. To make a request of this nature, please contact us, providing full details of the personal information you want to be erased and the reason(s) for your request. We will consider all requests upon receipt and confirm to you whether we are able to agree to your request.
5.7 Please be aware that the erasure of personal information that we hold about you may affect our ability to provide the Website and the services associated with it to you and in some cases our acceptance of an erasure request may require your account to be closed.
6. COOKIES
Please refer to our cookie policy.
7. LOG FILES
7.1 In common with most websites, our Website logs various information about visitors, including internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP) information, referring / exit pages and date / time stamp.
7.2 We may use this information to analyse trends, administer the Website, track your movement around the Website and gather broad demographic information.
8. SECURITY
Access to your account is protected by a password of your choice. Please make sure that nobody has access to this password and ensure you log out after using KLEKT.
8.1 The Website has numerous security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control, such as passwords and firewalls. We cannot, however, guarantee that these measures are, or will remain, adequate. We do, however, take data security seriously and will use our reasonable endeavours to protect the integrity of the information you provide.
8.2 If you register to use secured parts of the Website, in particular if you have an online account with us, you may be asked to create a password. You must keep this password confidential and must not disclose it or share it with anyone. You will be responsible for all activities that occur under your password. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password you should notify us immediately at the address provided in paragraph 1.1 below. If we have reason to believe that there is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the Website, we may require you to change your password or we may suspend your account until your identity has been verified and the account has been satisfactorily secured.
8.3 Our Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
9. ISSUES AND COMPLAINTS
9.1 In the unlikely event that you have any concerns about how your personal information is being used, please contact us as described in paragraph 1.1. This includes situations where you want to request the rectification or erasure of your personal information, restrictions to be placed around how we use your personal information, or to object to a particular use.
9.2 If you make a complaint about our handling of your personal information, it will be dealt with in accordance with our complaints handling procedure. [In the first instance it will be reviewed by our customer care team who will respond to you within 28 days. If you are dissatisfied with this response you may request that your complaint be escalated, in which case it will be passed to a senior person in our business who will review your complaint and the initial response and provide a further response within 28 days of your request to escalate the matter.
9.3 If we are unable to resolve your complaint, you may make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Please see https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/raising-concerns/ for more information.
10. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to alter this privacy policy at any time. Such alterations will be posted on the Website by us. It is important that you read any such alterations as and when they are posted on the Website by us and should you object to any alteration, please contact us as described in paragraph 1.1.
11. CONTACTING US
If you need to contact us about this policy or any matters relating to the personal information we hold on you, you can write to us at [contact address (and department where applicable)] or email us at [contact email address].
12. FURTHER INFORMATION
12.1 We hope that the contents of this privacy policy address any queries that you may have about the personal information we may hold about you and how we may use it. However, if you do have any further queries, comments or requests, please contact us as described in paragraph 1.1 above.
12.2 Whilst this privacy policy sets out a general summary of your legal rights in respect of personal information, this is a very complex area of law. More information about your legal rights can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/
.
KLEKT COOKIE POLICY
We use cookies when you visit our site, but you can control these through your browser settings. You can find out how to manage cookies on your devices below.
What are cookies?
Cookies are data files that can hold small amounts of info and are stored on your device (computer, smartphone etc) when you first visit a website.
How do we use them?
We use cookies for:
essential operations, like site navigation
allowing you to add items to your cart or to your want list
analysing visitor numbers and behaviours, such as what pages are frequently visited
assessing the success of our advertising campaigns, offers and communications
targeting suitable advertising messages
understanding which Affiliates have helped us reach out to new customers, or have promoted our products on their websites
What types of cookies do we use?
There are four main types.
Site functionality cookies – these allow you to navigate the site and use our features, such as “Add to Cart” and “Add to Want”.
Site analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyse how our customers use the site, to improve both its functionality and your shopping experience.
Customer preference cookies – when you're browsing or shopping on
          KLEKT, these cookies will remember your preferences (like your
          language or location), so we can make your shopping experience as
          seamless as possible, and more personal to you.
Targeting or advertising cookies – these are used to deliver ads relevant to you. They also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
How to manage cookies
Most browsers allow you to manage cookies saved on your device – just head to the help section of your browser. But don’t forget, if you modify your settings to block all cookies, you may not be able to access parts of our site or our service.