Apps and web sites created by Justin Templar are designed with your privacy in mind. We only collect data that is necessary and relevant to providing you with our Services. You should always know exactly what data we collect from you and how we use it. You should always have control over this access too, so you can remove it at any time. We provide you with the tools to decide what information to share with us and provide you with quick and simple ways to get in touch with us.
In the following Privacy Policy, we outline the:
1. Information You Share With Us
2. Information You DO NOT Share With Us
3. Additional Information We Receive About You
4. Information We May Share or Disclose (and NOT)
5. Ways to Manage Your Personal Information With Us
6. Third Party Providers We Work With
7. Security of Your Data
8. Terms of Use
9. Ways to Contact Us
1. Information You Share With Us
1.1 Basic Account Information
We do not require you to create an account with us to use our Services. You are free to use RUN interval, bike interval, Pro Starter (our Apps) without creating an account and without sharing any basic account information with us.
1.2 Support Helpdesk
You may need to write to us to obtain customer support, when utilising our apps and Services. We try to make this a seamless experience for you and respond to all queries as soon as is possible. We may retain the email correspondence together with the information you provide us, to help with the nature of your enquiry, future enquiries and bug fixes. We may also collect certain technical information about your device or cross-reference the basic account information you provided, if appropriate, so that this data is accessible when corresponding with our support team.
2. Information You Do NOT Share With Us
2.1 Payment Information
We do not collect your credit card details or any other payment information, when purchasing our Apps or subscriptions in our Apps. This is all done through your Apple or Google account. Apple and Google provide us with a simple confirmation that you have purchased, cancelled or renewed your purchase through their receipt validation service. Presently, this is the only way we accept payment for our Apps.
2.2 Apple Health
Some of our Apps make use of the Apple Health App (“HealthKit”). You can choose to connect and share information with HealthKit and your HealthKit information with any of our Apps. If you grant our Apps access to HealthKit, our Apps can add information such as workouts, calories, distances, location data (GPS), heart rates amongst other data, to HealthKit.
Your unique health data you choose to send to and from HealthKit (including age, gender, weight) is not accessible by out Apps and is not transferred by our Apps to any third parties for marketing or advertising. Our Apps cannot write data to HealthKit unless you grant access. You can remove access at any time either inside our Apps or inside the Apple Health app.
Justin Templar is in no way responsible for the protection of any of your information that you agree to store with HealthKit, which is governed by Apple’s privacy policy and other terms. You and Apple are solely responsible for the protection of such information. Please review Apple’s applicable policies and procedures before syncing and backing up your health data and/or other information with the Health Kit.
3. Additional Information We Receive About You
3.1 Analytics
Justin Templar uses analytical data to see how people are interacting with our Site. For example, we can see what content is popular, or that another is rarely viewed. We utilise Third Party Service Providers with this capability to allow us to improve the kind of content and functionality we provide.
We also use analytics to measure the effectiveness of our advertising. We serve advertising promoting our apps on third party platforms. The analytics shows us when an advert has been successful in leading to an installation of the app.
You can disable analytics at any time by visiting the Settings inside the app. We’re rolling out this capability to all of our apps.
You can review our list of Third Party Service Providers, in section 6.
3.2 In-App Advertising
All of our Apps do not include third party advertising.
3.3 Log Data
All of our Apps do not collect log data on actions you take within the Apps.
3.4 Links
We have included links on the Site and in the Apps for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the terms of use or privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
3.5 Images
Our Apps invite and encourage you to share pictures on your social media accounts (including Instagram) of workouts you have completed. By sharing photos you grant our Apps permission to access your photos in order to upload such images to your social media accounts. Any images you share from any of our Apps to your Social Media accounts will be subject to the relevant social media account’s terms and privacy policy.
4. Information We May Share or Disclose (and NOT)
4.1   What We DO NOT Share
We do no collect and we will never sell your information that you provide to us, including any basic account information you provide to us, for example name or email. We also take great care not to collect data regarding your specific health information or any biometric information that could be categorised as special category data. This information, is only ever stored locally on your device.
4.2   Change of Ownership
In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganisation, or sale of assets, your Personal Data may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your Personal Data as transferred to the new entity.
4.3   Location
Justin Templar is registered in Australia with the ABN 57898729938 as a sole trader. The data that our Apps collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us. By submitting your Personal Data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. Justin Templar will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
4.4   Law and Public Interest
We limit the amount of personal information we obtain from you to provide the Services via our Websites and Apps. We reserve the right to use or disclose data in accordance with the law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request. This may be necessary to protect the safety of any person, to protect the integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our Services, to address fraud, security, or technical issues, or to protect our rights or rights of those who use our services. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal challenge or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your Personal Data.
4.5   Non-Personal Information
We may share or disclose certain metrics and non-Personal Data, including aggregated information about the use of our products and Services, including but not limited to the total number of times a workout has been completed, the number of people who downloaded our Apps or clicked a link.
5. Ways to Manage Your Personal Information With Us
You control the Personal Data you share with us. You can access or rectify this data at any time. We also provide you tools to object, restrict, or withdraw consent where applicable for the use of data you have provided to us. And we make the data you shared through our services portable, accessible and provide easy ways for you to contact us.
5.1   Deletion of Account(s)
When using the Site or our other Apps, you can contact our team if you wish to delete any information you have shared with us. You can do this via our contact page.
5.2   Downloading, Requesting or Editing Your Data
For the use of other Apps and Services, we do not possess any account information to provide you but we will be able to clarify for you if we possess any of your data, such as your name and email address for our newsletter. You can contact our Data Protection Offer via the contact page.
6. Third Party Services We Work With
Each provider has their own privacy policy, which can be found on their respective websites and which by subscribing or using our Services you agree to. We have made all reasonable efforts to keep this information up-to-date concerning the third parties we collaborate with. However, we cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness, when referencing the current legal practices and policies of our Third Party service providers.
Apple – HealthKit
As mentioned in section 2.2, we do not have access to the Apple HealthKit information that you share with Apple. This data may appear within our Apps on your devices, but this information is not accessible or shared with our Apps.
Apple’s privacy policy can be found here
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
.
There is also further information on Apple’s approach to privacy available here
https://www.apple.com/privacy/approach-to-privacy/
.
Strava – Sign-In, Authentication & Share
We allow you to authenticate and share workouts on Strava. We do not store or transmit information to Strava unless you take action. What and when you share with Strava is controlled by you. Your profile data may appear within our Apps on your devices, but this information is not accessible or shared with our Apps.
Strava’s data and privacy policy is accessible here
https://www.strava.com/legal/privacy
.
7. Security of Your Data
We are committed to ensuring the security of your Personal Data, which means choosing legal and security compliant Third Party services and maintaining strong internal procedures. These procedures include restoring access and availability to your Personal Data in the event of any incident, maintaining the appropriate disciplinary procedures to enforce our employees’ privacy responsibilities, testing and improving the effectiveness of our security measures on an ongoing basis, as well as restricting access to Personal Data to those employees who need to know that information in order to provide Services to you.
In the event of a data breach we’ll inform you both inside the app and via email if available.
8. Terms of Use
By using our Services you also agree to be bound by our
Terms Of Use
. Please take the time to review the full terms.
You must be at least 16 years of age to register an account for our Services or to use our products and Apps. Our Services and Content have not been developed for and are not directed to children or individuals under the age of 16. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your Personal Data in your country.
9. Ways to Contact Us
If you have any queries or concerns whatsoever regarding this privacy policy, would like to learn more about us or need to speak to our Data Protection Officer, please contact us at
http://runinterval.com/#contact
.
10. Changes
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. We will do our best to keep you up to date with any changes by adding a notification inside our Apps. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes to these terms will be acknowledged as your acceptance to those changes.
11. Definitions
Apps
– The software applications developed and sold by Justin Templar under their development account(s) on the Apple iTunes App Store or Google Play Store.
Content
– Information, including but not limited to recipes, nutritional information, nutritional plans, text, graphics, images, video, opinions, information and other material.
Personal Data
– Any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier.
Services
– The products that all users see and experience, that have been developed by Justin Templar, in the form of our Site and Apps.
Site
– The Apps website, accessible at www.runinterval.com or www.prostarter.com.au
Third Party
– An independent company contracted by Justin Templar to provide a service on behalf of our company, including but not limited to storage, hosting, support software, advertising or analytics.