Privacy Policy summary
We collect information about the player or your device.
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
We do not read files on the device, such as pictures or phone contacts.
We show advertisements.
We offer purchases inside the game.
Privacy policy
This privacy policy governs your use of a software application (“Application”) on a mobile device that was created by Nuria Jal (“Owner”).
What information does the Application obtain and how it is used?
User Provided Information
— Users provide information login on Facebook to save their progress.
Automatically Collected Information
— The Application does not collect any information automatically about the mobile device you use, your IP address, or the way you use the Application, except to keep track of your progress in game.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
We collect the following categories of your personal information and may sell it to third parties: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from these categories.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only Apple or Google can see or have access to information obtained as part of the process of selling the Application through its App Store or Google Play store. For more information about the privacy policy of Apple, consult http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/ For more information about the privacy policy of Google, consult http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Advertising and In-App Purchases
This Application is supported exclusively via sales through the App Store and the Google Play store, and it serves ads or offer In-App Purchases.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she could contact us at contact@inspiredbeach.com
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated by the Owner from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and on the Application page at the App Store or the Google Play store.
Contact information
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us by ordinary mail at:
contact@inspiredbeach.com
Legal information and trademarks
Apple and App Store are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.
SURVEY SERVING TECHNOLOGY
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID which will may be processed by Pollfish only in strict compliance with google play policies- and/or other device data) and response meta-data (including information about the apps which the user has installed in his mobile phone) is automatically sent to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully Pollfish respondent terms located at
https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent
. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sents such questionnaires to eligible users. By downloading the application you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish website . We once more invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.
APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.