Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Would You Rather when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us.

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the bottom of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites' homepages or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, use the Services to publish questions, vote on questions, comments or similar, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your username and any other information you choose to provide.
When you upload new question or add new comment, vote on question, comment, etc., we collect, process and store that information on our servers.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Show your username and your other information to other users, for example on comments, replies, votes, when they vote on your question, etc.;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Would You Rather and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
Detect, investigate and/or prevent fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to all countries.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:

With other users when you send them messages, including your username and the contents of the message you send them.
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to legal process or a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, rule, or regulation, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
In order to investigate or remedy potential violations of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Would You Rather, our users or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Security
We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Your account is password-protected for your privacy and security. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information with appropriate selection and protection of your password. We try to protect your information (including account information) to ensure that they are private, however, we can not guarantee the security of any data. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software malfunction, and other factors may compromise the security of your user information at any time.
Privacy Settings
You have the ability to delete your uploaded images at any time by using controls within the Would You Rather mobile application.
Cookies
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our website.
Ads
Ads appearing on Would You Rather can be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer/mobile phone each time they send you an advertisement to gather information about you or others who use your computer/mobile phone. These data allow ad networks to, among other things, to display targeted advertisements that they believe will be most interesting to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Would You Rather and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Last modified: November 10, 2023