Privacy
Privacy Centre
Find ANZ
Support Centre
ANZ Privacy Centre
Find out how we manage and protect your personal information, particularly when providing a product or service to you. Watch this short video and read our Privacy Policy below. You can also jump to any sections of interest below.
We've updated our
Privacy Policy
to better explain how we collect and use your personal information. Please take the time to read this document. It describes how we carefully manage and safeguard your personal information (including sensitive information).
Privacy policy summary
Click to play video
01:59
Privacy Policy
It’s our job to keep you up-to-date about how we manage and protect your personal information. So we’ve simplified our ​Privacy Policy​ to better explain how we do this.
Learn more

Collecting your personal information
So we can provide you with a product or service, we need to collect some of your personal information. And on some occasions, the law requires us to collect it.
Learn more

Collecting information required by law
Sometimes we’re legally required to collect your personal information. This may occur when we’re required by an Australian law or court or tribunal order.
Learn more

Sharing your personal information overseas
From time to time, we need to share your information with overseas organisations. This is usually because some of our technology, operational and customer service teams are located overseas.
Learn more

Credit Reporting
If you apply for credit from ANZ, we may request a credit report about you from a credit reporting body. This helps us make an informed decision about your application.
Learn more

Direct marketing
We may use your personal information to tell you about products, services, offers, or events that we believe may interest you. We may also enable our business partners to let you know about their products and services.
Learn more

Consumer Data Right Policy
Often referred to as ‘Open Banking’, the Consumer Data Right (CDR) is designed to give you greater control of your data. Find out more in our CDR Policy.
Learn more

Data Sharing Arrangements using Open Banking
You can now share your ANZ banking data with an Accredited Data Recipient, using the Australian Government’s Consumer Data Right ‘Open Banking’ initiative.
Learn more

How we use cookies
ANZ’s website uses cookies for a better browsing experience. Find out more on how we use cookies and how you can manage your settings.
Learn more

Online Security
To protect our customers and the community from fraud, scams and other risks, ANZ has implemented a range of security measures including behavioural biometrics.
Learn more

Privacy Policy summary
In this digital day and age, it’s important to understand how your information is handled. Our Privacy Policy details the kind of information we collect, why we need it and how we use it.
Collecting your personal information
Most of the information we collect is provided by you directly – like your name, email, date of birth and phone number. However, there will be times when we need to request information about you from a third party, like a credit report from a credit reporting body. This helps us make an informed decision about your application.
Your information helps us provide you with a product or service
We use your information so we can provide and support you with your product or service. But we also use it for other reasons. Like helping with the administration of your account, and for operational and legal purposes. Or, to tell you about other products or services you might be interested in.
At times, we need to share your information with third parties. For example, we often use other organisations to help provide you with your product. When this happens, we may need to share your information with them.
Managing your personal information
We take protecting your information very seriously. That’s why we have a range of security measures in place to help manage and safeguard your information. If at any time, you want to access or correct your personal information, or if you have any concerns, you'll find our contact details below. To find out more, please read our
Privacy Policy
and watch our short video above.
ANZ security hub
See how privacy and security can work together to protect your virtual valuables.
Visit security hub

Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.anz.com.au/privacy/centre/policy/:
skip to log on
skip to main content
Privacy
Privacy Centre
Privacy Policy
Find ANZ
Support Centre
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy summary
In this digital day and age, it's important to understand how your information is securely managed. Our Privacy Policy details the kind of information we collect, why we need it and how it is used.
Collecting your personal information
Most of the information we collect is provided by you directly – like your name, email, date of birth and phone number. However, there will be times when we need to request information about you from a third party, like a credit report from a credit reporting body. This helps us make an informed decision about your application.
Collecting sensitive information
On rare occasions, we may need to collect information of a more sensitive nature. We will only collect, use or disclose your sensitive data if we need this information for one of our functions or activities – and we have your consent, or we’re required to by law.
Your information helps us provide you with a product or service
We use your information so we can provide and support you with your product or service. But we also use it for other reasons. Like helping with the administration of your account, and for operational and legal purposes. Or, to tell you about other products or services you might be interested in.
At times, we need to share your information with third parties. For example, we often use other organisations to help provide you with your product. When this happens, we may need to share your information with them.
Managing your personal information
We take protecting your information very seriously. That’s why we have security measures in place to help manage and safeguard your information. If at any time, you want to access or correct your personal information, or if you have any concerns, you'll find our contact details below.
To find out more, please read our Privacy Policy and
watch our short video
.
Privacy Policy
You can
download the policy as a PDF
, or you can read it below.
About this document
Please take the time to read this document (also available here for download -
Privacy Policy (PDF)
. It describes how we collect, handle and safeguard your personal information (including sensitive information and credit related personal information). It also contains information about how you can access the personal information ANZ holds about you, how you can seek to correct it and how you can raise concerns about ANZ’s handling of your personal information.
Why this Privacy Policy is important
ANZ is bound by the Privacy Act and the 13 Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). This legislation regulates how we manage and protect our customers’ personal information.
Collecting your personal information
So we can provide you with a product or service, we need to collect some of your personal information. And on some occasions, the law requires us to collect it. "Personal information" is information or an opinion about a specific individual or an individual who can be identified.
The types of personal information we collect include:
Personal and contact details:
for example, your name, address, email address, phone number, and/or date of birth.
Your personal circumstances:
for example, information about your marital status, and/or any dependents you may have.
Identity information and government related identifiers:
for example, your tax file or tax identification number, driver’s license and/or passport details.
Financial Information:
for example, information about your financial position including details of your income and employment, expenses and spending habits, assets, and liabilities.
Credit information:
for example, we may collect information about your credit history with other credit providers from a credit reporting body if you apply for credit with ANZ.
Digital Information:
for example, location information, information about the browsers or devices you use to connect to ANZ services, websites you visit, and/or security information (such as how you login or authenticate yourself to access your account).
How you use our products for example:
the transactions you make on your account, and/or how you use ANZ channels (such as internet banking or the ANZ App).
Employment-related information:
for example, if you apply for a position with ANZ, we may collect your resume and other information needed to assess your application.
Publicly available information for example:
information from public registers such those maintained by the various land registries, or ASIC.
Sensitive information
We may sometimes need to collect information of a more sensitive nature. Information about the following is considered “Sensitive Information”:
Racial or ethnic origin
Political opinions
Political association membership
Religious beliefs or affiliations
Philosophical beliefs
Professional or trade association membership
Trade union membership
Sexual orientation or practices
Criminal records
Genetic information
Health information
Biometric information (e.g. your thumbprint, voice or facial image which may be used to enable you to access our products or services)
Behavioural biometric information - (e.g. how you interact with a device, or use a mouse or keypad to enter information, which may be used to help protect against fraud and minimise security risks).
We won’t collect, use, or disclose your sensitive information unless we need this information for one of our functions or activities – and we have your consent, or we’re required to by law.
Sometimes we're legally required to collect your personal information
This occurs when we’re authorised or required by an Australian law or court or tribunal order to collect your personal information. These laws include:
The Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act – to prove your identity when you open an account or take out a loan.
State and Territory conveyancing laws – to verify your identity when registering a mortgage.
Tax legislation – to confirm your tax residency status under taxation information sharing agreements our government has in place with other countries and under Australian tax legislation.
How we collect your personal information
We may collect your personal information directly from you, however, may also collect your information:
by creating insights and other information about you when analysing information, we already hold.
from your browser or device (or technologies associated with your browser or device such as cookies or pixels).
from publicly available sources such as public registers or telephone directories.
from third parties you have authorised to act on your behalf such as your accountant or lawyer, or joint borrower(s) and account holder(s).
We can also collect your information from other parties such as:
Credit reporting bodies
– for example, if we request a report about your credit history.
Other credit providers
– for example, if you permit us to collect information about the products they provide to you.
Organisations we exchange information with
– for example, ANZ loyalty partners or organisations ANZ has an arrangement with to jointly offer products or services.
Other ANZ entities
– for example, to help provide you with products and services.
Marketing companies
– who may, for example, provide us with contact information to help us promote our products and services.
Brokers and other parties
– who may have introduced you to ANZ.
Using and sharing your personal information
We may use (and at times disclose) your personal information for a range of reasons, including for the purposes of:
Assessing and processing any applications you make
(including, where applicable, credit assessment).
Providing you with a product or service
including administering and managing existing products or services you have with ANZ.
Communicating with you
(or your representatives) for example, answering any questions you may have.
Considering any concerns or complaints you raise against ANZ
or managing any legal action between you and ANZ.
Working with other organisations
(such as loyalty partners) regarding the promotion or provision of a product or service.
Performing administrative and operational tasks
including account management, risk management, system monitoring and remediation, corporate governance, auditing, systems development and testing, credit scoring, staff training, collecting debts, and market or customer satisfaction research.
Analytics, market research, insights and product development
including using personal information to generate insights about our customers and how they use our products and services to help us develop and refine target markets for our products and services and tailor our products and services to improve the customer experience and meet customer needs and requirements.
Recruitment purposes
such as evaluating an application you may make for a position at ANZ.
Identifying, preventing, or investigating any actual or suspected fraud, unlawful activity or misconduct.
Conducting customer due diligence
such as identifying you (or your authority to act for someone else) or establishing your tax status as required by any law or tax treaty with a tax authority.
To protect our legitimate interests
for instance, registering a mortgage or registering a security interest on the Personal Property Securities Register, taking or responding to any legal action or making insurance claims.
For ANZ corporate sales and acquisitions
for instance, we may acquire or enter into joint ventures with third party business’, sell, transfer, or merge parts of the ANZ business or ANZ assets (including products or services), or make other changes to the structure or the ownership of the ANZ Group. In such instances, ANZ may, for example, need to share personal information with a prospective purchaser or investor or other parties involved in the transaction.
Any purpose which is required or authorised by law, regulations, codes of practice and external payment systems
including purposes which enable ANZ to satisfy its obligations under law, regulation, codes of practice or the rules of a stock exchange.
Any additional purpose which we inform you about
or which you have agreed to.
Data insights and analytics services
Sometimes, we may use de-identified information (such as transaction information on a credit card) as part of offering data insights and analytics services to third parties such as other businesses and government.
These services provide third parties with insights about their business – like the types of customers they have, where their customers are located and information about their customers’ spending patterns.
These insights can help them better tailor their products and services and refine their business, economic and social strategies. When we are involved in providing these services, we de-identify your information before it is used and any information provided to the third party is aggregated, meaning it does not identify you or any other ANZ customer (unless you have provided your prior specific consent to use or share more granular data for the purposes of this service).
Direct marketing
We may use your personal information to tell you about products, services, offers, or events that we believe may interest you. We may also enable our business partners to let you know about their products and services.
ANZ may market to you through various channels, including mail, phone, email, SMS or through other electronic means, such as targeted advertising on ANZ and other websites. We may also disclose your information to service providers and other third parties, like digital platforms, so that they can advertise our products and services to you on our behalf.
You can opt out
If you do not want to receive direct marketing, you can unsubscribe or opt out by:
updating your preferences on ANZ Internet Banking or the ANZ App; or
calling
13 13 14
ANZ Plus customers can update their settings in the ANZ Plus App.
If we send you direct marketing by email or SMS, we will always include an ‘unsubscribe’ button you can use to opt out of this type of marketing.
Sharing personal information overseas
Sometimes we need to share your information overseas.
ANZ overseas operations
The most common reason is because some of our ANZ companies are located overseas and are contracted to support our technology, operational and customer service teams.
These entities are located in the following countries:
Fiji
India
New Zealand
The Philippines
United States
Other offshore locations
Sometimes  we may also need to share your information with third parties (such as with service providers who help us provide our products and services) who are in locations outside Australia including:
Canada
Some member states of the European Union (EU)
India
Israel
New Zealand
Singapore
The Philippines
United Kingdom
United States
Taiwan
Other countries listed at:
https://www.anz.com.au/privacy/centre/disclosing-information-overseas/
We may also disclose your information offshore where you have asked us to do something, or you are party to a transaction that requires us to do so (such as complete an international money transfer money or currency exchange). The countries where we disclose your information will depend on the details of the activity you ask us to carry out.
Credit Reporting
ANZ participates in credit reporting and is subject to the mandatory credit reporting (CCR) regime. This means ANZ is required to share certain credit information with credit reporting bodies which is then included in your credit report. It also means that if you apply for credit from ANZ, we may request credit reporting information about you from a credit reporting body. This information includes information about your credit history with other providers and can help us assess your application.
What’s a credit reporting body?
These are companies that hold credit information about individuals and provide it to credit providers in certain circumstances, including when:
A customer applies for credit (e.g. a home loan or credit card).
The credit provider is trying to help a customer avoid defaulting.
Sharing your information with credit reporting bodies
When we request a credit report, or when we are required to share ongoing information about the credit you hold with ANZ, we need to give the credit reporting body:
Information about you (such as your name and address and other personal information we hold about you) to make sure we receive the correct credit report.
Information about your application – such as the type and amount of credit you’re applying for.
We also need to give the credit reporting body information we’ve collected through your use of your ANZ product such as:
The type of credit you hold
The amount of credit you received
The terms and conditions
When your account is opened and closed
How you repay your credit
Also, we need to report information to a credit reporting body when you:
Miss repayments on your credit
Default on your obligations
Commit a serious infringement (e.g. fraudulent behaviour or deliberately seeking to evade your repayment obligations)
Enter into an arrangement with us to help you manage financial hardship.
But we also let them know when you:
Make repayments on time
Comply with any financial hardship arrangement
Correct a default
This information that we disclose to a credit reporting body is called ‘credit information’.
Who are the credit reporting bodies?
Equifax
Call:
13 83 32
Mail: Equifax Australia Information Services and Solutions Pty Limited
PO Box 964
North Sydney
NSW 2059
Email:
customerserviceAU@equifax.com
Web:
mycreditfile.com.au
illion
Call:
1300 734 806
Mail: illion Australia Pty Ltd
PO Box 7405 St. Kilda Rd
Melbourne
VIC 3004
Email:
pac.austral@illion.com.au
Web:
checkyourcredit.com.au
Experian
Call:
1300 784 134
Mail: Experian Australia Credit Services Pty Ltd
PO Box 1969
North Sydney
NSW 2060
Email:
creditreport@au.experian.com
Web:
experian.com.au
Just so you know
If you’d like to know how these credit reporting bodies manage your personal information, you can contact them directly and request a copy of their Privacy Policy.
Collecting information from a credit reporting body
When we collect information about you from a credit reporting body, it is usually to help us assess an application for credit you have made with us. For this purpose, we will consider information from the credit reporting body such as:
Details of other credit products you hold
How you have managed repayments on existing credit products
Whether you have been in default in the past
Any serious credit infringements
Whether you have entered a financial hardship arrangement
This information we get from credit reporting bodies is called ‘credit eligibility information.’
We may also use information such as risk ratings, credit scores and other analytics and insights which we derive from the information we receive about you, to help us assess your ability to repay credit.
How we use and disclose your credit information and credit eligibility information
Credit providers can only use and disclose this information for limited purposes. Generally, ANZ will collect, use (and sometimes disclose) credit information and credit eligibility information to:
Assess your application for credit.
Help you avoid defaulting on your credit arrangement with us.
Assess your suitability to act as a guarantor.
Perform certain internal management purposes related to the provision or management of credit by ANZ.
To assist with the collection of overdue payments
Fulfll our legal and regulatory obligations (including mandatory requirements to report certain types of credit information to credit reporting bodies).
Third parties we may share your credit eligibility information with
Strict rules apply to when and how we share information we receive  from a credit reporting body. Generally we can only share this information with:
Our related entities.
Debt collection agents.
Other credit providers in certain situations (e.g. to assess credit or investigate suspected fraud).
External dispute resolution schemes (or to other parties as directed by an external dispute resolution scheme).
Mortgage insurers.
Your guarantors.
Enforcement bodies in certain limited circumstances.
Other persons we are required or authorised by law to disclose the information to.
Fraud
If you think you’ve been, or are likely to be, a victim of fraud – for example, because you suspect someone else is applying for credit in your name – you’ve got a right to request credit reporting bodies don’t use or disclose credit reports held about you.
To do this, contact the credit reporting body directly. After making such a request, the credit reporting body won’t share your credit report information for 21 days. (Please note you can request an extension to this period.)
Managing your credit information
You can access your credit information, seek a correction and make a complaint about how we manage this information, as explained in the Managing your personal information section below.
If we disclose information we’ve collected through the credit reporting bodies to our operation hubs overseas, this will be managed as outlined in this Credit Reporting section.
Managing your personal information
Protecting your personal information
We have measures in place to protect your personal information from:
Misuse and loss
Unauthorised access
Unauthorised modification
Unauthorised disclosure
And here’s how we safeguard your data:
Implementing physical security – such as locks and security systems over our paper and electronic data stores and premises.
Maintaining computer and network security – including firewalls, identification codes and passwords to control access.
Maintaining and monitoring our online security systems – around the clock, all year round by our security operations team.
Accessing your personal information
If you want to access your personal data:
contact our Contact Centre on
13 13 14
.
for ANZ Plus, contact a Coach via the ANZ Plus app or, if you don’t have access to the ANZ Plus app, call
13 42 69
The team can usually deal with such a request within 14 to 30 days.
If for any reason we can’t provide you with access, we’ll tell you why and attempt to find other ways to help you get access to this information.
Requesting correction of your information
If you believe your personal information is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date:
call
13 13 14
.
for ANZ Plus, contact a Coach via the ANZ Plus app or, if you don’t have access to the ANZ Plus app, call
13 42 69
If you’d like us to correct information we’ve received or disclosed through the credit reporting system, we’ll consult with the relevant organisations directly.
If we don’t agree that your information needs to be corrected, we’ll tell you why – and what you can do if you’re unsatisfied with our response.
Who to contact if you have a complaint
If you believe your privacy has been compromised or we’ve breached the Privacy Act or a code of conduct and you would like to make a complaint, you can contact us by using the online complaints form or by calling or writing to us. We will do our best to help resolve any issue you may have.
In order for us to assist you, we may need to verify your identity and obtain details about your complaint from you.
In writing
Use our
online complaints form
or
Write to the ANZ Complaint Resolution Team: Locked Bag 4050, South Melbourne VIC 3205
By phone
13 13 14
+61 3 9683 9999
from overseas
National Relay Service:
133 677
In person
Visit your nearest ANZ branch
If you have a Relationship Manager, please feel free to contact them
Via the ANZ Plus app
Contact a Coach via the ANZ Plus app
If you don’t have access to the  ANZ Plus call
13 42 69
or
Use the online complaints form at
anz.com.au/plus/support/complaints/
Here's how we respond to complaints
We’ll do our utmost to:
Resolve your complaint on the spot, if possible.
Resolve your complaint within 5 working days. If this isn’t possible, we will confirm the outcome with you in writing. We will aim to resolve your complaint within 30 days (or 21 days for complaints regarding financial hardship or debt collection). If we can’t meet these timeframes, we will explain why and provide an expected date for the outcome of your complaint. We will keep you informed of progress.
Investigate your complaint. Where necessary, we’ll consult with other credit providers or credit reporting bodies about your complaint.
Make a decision about your complaint. We’ll write to you to explain our decision.
If you are not satisfied with our response, you can contact the
Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA)
.
AFCA
provides a free and independent dispute resolution service for individual and small business customers who are unable to resolve their complaints directly with ANZ.
Call:
1800 931 678
(free call) or
(+61) 1800 931 678
Email:
info@afca.org.au
Website:
afca.org.au
Mail: Australian Financial Complaints Authority, GPO Box 3, Melbourne, VIC 3001
Time limits may apply to complain to AFCA. Please act promptly and consult the AFCA website to find out if or when the time limit relevant to your circumstances expires.
You may also raise any concerns directly with
the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
The OAIC
acts as an impartial third party when investigating and resolving a complaint in relation to the handling of your personal information. You can contact the OAIC on:
Call:
1300 363 992
Email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Website:
oaic.gov.au
Mail: Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, GPO Box 5218, Sydney, NSW 2001
Who does this Privacy Policy cover?
This policy applies to Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited and each of its related Australian “ANZ brand” entities (ANZ).
The document covers the Australian- based activities of ANZ including the Australian banking brands ANZ and ANZ Plus, but not Suncorp, Looking Together trading as ‘RealAs’, or Shout For Good, each of which has its own privacy policy.
The information about credit reporting also applies to the following offshore related entities that conduct operational, technology and customer service functions on behalf of Australian-based ANZ businesses, including:
ANZ Support Services India Private Limited (India)
ANZ Operations and Technology Private Limited (India)
ANZ Global Services and Operations (Manila), Inc. (The Philippines)
ANZ Pacific Operations Limited (Fiji)
Also, as we’re participants in credit reporting, we’re also bound by the rules in the Privacy Act that applies to that activity.
Information relating to current and former employees
Due to the employee records exemption in the Privacy Act, this Privacy Policy does not apply to our past or current employee records, however, we recognise that employee records should be handled with the utmost care and responsibility.
ANZ complies with any obligations that may apply to employee personal information under other applicable laws.
Changes to this policy and obtaining a copy of this policy
We make our Privacy Policy available on our websites and will provide a copy of this Privacy Policy to anyone who requests it free of charge.
We review and update this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure it is current. Please visit our website regularly to ensure you are across any updates.
ANZ security hub
See how privacy and security can work together to protect your virtual valuables.
Visit security hub

Top
Sub-policy 1
https://www.anz.com.au/privacy/centre/security-privacy/:
skip to log on
skip to main content
Privacy
Privacy Centre
Website security and privacy
Find ANZ
Support Centre
Website security and privacy
About this security and privacy statement
This security and privacy statement applies to this website which is operated by Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ABN 11 005 357 522) ("ANZ") under the domain names
www.anz.com
and
anz.com.au
("ANZ website"). The ANZ website is operated on behalf of ANZ and its related bodies corporate (together called the "Australia and New Zealand Banking Group"). The information described in this security and privacy statement may be shared between members of the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group.
This security and privacy statement may also apply to services offered by ANZ on websites hosted by third parties. If so, express reference to this security and privacy statement will be made on those websites.
ANZ understands and appreciates that you, as an ANZ website visitor, are concerned about your privacy and about the confidentiality and security of information we may gain about you online. ANZ is committed to protecting your privacy. This ANZ security and privacy statement explains how your personal information will be treated as you access and interact with the ANZ website.
As the ANZ website develops and as technology evolves, ANZ will continue to strive to provide you with better and more customised services and with a more effective website. ANZ encourages you to review the security and privacy statement periodically because the security and privacy statement may change from time to time.
The
ANZ Privacy Policy (PDF)
explains how ANZ generally protects your privacy and confidentiality. The principles set out in the ANZ Privacy Policy also apply to ANZ websites.
In addition to the provisions of this security and privacy statement, there may also be specific and additional privacy provisions which apply to certain sections of the ANZ website. Because those specific and additional provisions also relate to your privacy protection, you should review them wherever they are accessible by you on the ANZ website. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this security and privacy statement and those other specific and additional provisions, the specific and additional provisions will prevail.
Security of information
ANZ takes reasonable steps to preserve the security of cookie and personal information in accordance with the ANZ website terms of use and this security and privacy statement. If your browser is suitably configured, it will advise you whether the information you are sending us will be secure (encrypted) or not secure (unencrypted). If secure transmission is indicated, ANZ currently uses 128 bit TLS encryption as a minimum.
ANZ regularly reviews developments in security and encryption technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Accordingly, although ANZ strives to protect such information, ANZ cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we take reasonable steps to preserve the security of the information in our own systems.
Information collected: General
The information that ANZ collects about you is dependent on how you use the facilities offered by the ANZ website.
If you visit an unsecure area of the ANZ website (that is, an area where you are not required to log on) to read, browse or download information, our system will record the date and time of your visit to our site, the pages viewed and any information downloaded.
The ANZ website offers a number of interactive facilities including tools such as budget planners and home loan calculators, as well as online surveys and application forms.
If you use any of the tools such as the budget planner or home loan calculator we generally do not capture any personal information that you may enter when using these tools. Exceptions to this are:
when there is information on the page informing you that we might save your responses or your personal information; or
when the tool allows you to suspend or save your plan and retrieve the details at a later time. In that case the information is stored on our systems so that you may recover the information when you resume your plan. Any information stored in a suspended or saved budget planner or other similar tool will not be viewed by ANZ.
If you decide to complete an online application form, ANZ may collect the personal information entered into this application form before it is submitted. ANZ may use this personal information to (amongst other things) progress your incomplete application, including contacting you or any other person about whom you provide personal information.
If you decide to complete an online survey, the information that you enter into the survey will generally only be collected by ANZ if you submit your survey. If at any stage you cancel your application or log out prior to submitting your survey, the information you have entered up to that point will be automatically deleted. An exception to this is when there is information on the page informing you that we might save your responses or personal information.
Third party websites
The ANZ website also contains links to the websites of third party providers of goods and services ("Third Party websites"). If you have accessed Third Party websites through the ANZ website and if those third parties collect information about you, ANZ may also collect or have access to that information as part of our arrangements with those third parties.
Where you access a Third Party website from the ANZ website, cookie information, information about your preferences or other information you have provided about yourself may be shared between us and the third party. You cannot usually be identified from the information that is shared; if you can be identified from this information, your information will only be disclosed and/or used where permitted by our contract with you and where relevant, your preferences about how we manage your personal information.
Third Party websites should contain their own privacy statements and those third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices.
Information collected: Liveperson Inc.
ANZ uses Liveperson Inc. to deliver its live chat facility (
LiveChat
). This facility is intended to be for the benefit of users wishing to make inquiries about a banking product in the Australian market. If you decide to participate in LiveChat, ANZ (via Liveperson Inc) may collect any personal information provided or otherwise made accessible via LiveChat.
ANZ may use/disclose this information to respond to your query, for administrative and operational purposes (including to help improve our quality of service and for staff training and coaching) and for any other purpose which is required or authorised by law.
Depending on your inquiry, if you do not provide your personal information, ANZ may not be able to assist you with your request.
ANZ may disclose this information to other parts of ANZ and ANZ’s related entities; ANZ’s agents, contractors and/or service providers; regulatory bodies, government agencies, law enforcement bodies and courts and other parties we are authorised or required by law or court/tribunal order to disclose information to (some of which may be based overseas).
We won’t ask you for sensitive information, account numbers or passwords, and for your security, please don’t provide this information.
ANZ’s
Privacy Policy
contains information about any laws that require or authorise ANZ to collect certain information from you, further details on when ANZ may collect your information from other sources (including from a third party), details about the location of offshore recipients, how to access the personal information ANZ holds about you,  how you can seek to correct it, how you can raise concerns if you believe that ANZ has breached the Privacy Act or an applicable Code, and how ANZ will deal with these matters.
Before you provide us with personal information about someone else, we require that you show them a copy of this notice so that they can understand how ANZ intends to handle their personal information.
Information collected: Online services
General online security
ANZ uses trusted service providers to help us protect your online security when using platforms such as ANZ Internet Banking and ANZ Transactive Global. Service providers may collect and analyse information from your browser session to detect security threats or vulnerabilities that may be on or associated with your computer or device. The information collected may include IP address, a unique session identifier, web-browser type and version, HTTP headers and malicious software data. Some of the service providers may be located outside of Australia. For further details refer to the
ANZ Privacy Policy
.
Behavioural biometrics
We work with security experts to help keep you and the community safe from scams and other risks.
We gather information about how you use Internet Banking, including things like typing speed and how you browse and scroll. We use this, plus other info like details about your device and transactions, to spot if someone else might be using your account. It also helps us detect possible scams, fraud, and risky transactions to help us protect you and others.
Our security experts may also share alerts with other institutions about high risk accounts or devices so they can take action if needed.
We also use behavioural biometrics on some of our online applications. We will collect and handle your info in the same way except we will primarily use it to help identify if it is a genuine user making the application.
For more information, visit
Online security
.
Users to take their own precautions
Security tools used by ANZ should not be considered a substitute for or alternative to customers undertaking their own precautions and protective measures including maintenance of appropriate anti-virus software.
Collection of IP addresses
Your IP address is the identifier for your computer or device when you are using the internet with regards to geo-locations, network domains and servers.
ANZ collects your IP address when you interact with various parts of the ANZ website and other digital solutions (e.g. Internet Banking and ANZ Transactive Global).
We collect and store your IP address for security and audit purposes and as described under the heading Information collected by online security service below. For instance, ANZ collects and stores your IP address when you log onto an Electronic Banking Channel. ANZ uses this information when we attempt to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions in its Electronic Banking Channels.
Advertising and tracking
ANZ uses advertising companies (e.g. Google and Facebook) to deliver online advertising where ANZ banner advertisements are placed on Third Party websites.
When you view an ANZ advertisement on a Third Party website, the advertising company uses cookies and in some cases ‘web beacons’ to collect information such as:
the server your computer is logged onto
your browser type
the date and time of your visit
the performance of their marketing efforts
When you access the ANZ website after viewing an ANZ advertisement on a Third Party website, the advertising company may collect information on how you use the ANZ website (e.g. which pages you view) and whether you complete an online application.
In addition, ANZ also uses web analytics service providers to collect information on how you use the ANZ website, using cookies to collect information similar to that collected by the advertising company.
The advertising companies and ANZ use this information to perform statistical analyses of aggregate user behaviour.
ANZ uses these analyses to measure advertising effectiveness and relative consumer interest in the various areas of the ANZ website.
This information is also used to present content on ANZ.com and Third Party websites that ANZ believes may be relevant to you.
How we handle electronic messages from you
We may preserve the content of any electronic messages (e.g. email or live chat messages) that you send us. This message content may be monitored by ANZ for security issues. Our response to you may also be monitored for quality assurance.
Use and disclosure of information
We will only use or disclose personal information or information generated by cookies in accordance with our contract with you, the
ANZ Privacy Policy (PDF)
, any specific and additional provisions relating to privacy which apply to certain areas of the ANZ website and as otherwise set out in this security and privacy statement.
Acceptance and changes to security and privacy statement
You agree and accept that your use of the ANZ website indicates your acceptance of the ANZ website terms of use and the security and privacy statement.
This is the current security and privacy statement. It replaces any other security and privacy statement for the ANZ website published on the ANZ website to date. ANZ may at any time vary the security and privacy statement by publishing the varied security and privacy statement on the ANZ website. You accept that by doing this, ANZ has provided you with sufficient notice of the variation.
ANZ security hub
See how privacy and security can work together to protect your virtual valuables.
Visit security hub

Important information
Date of Publication - 05 December 2024 - Version 13. Adobe and Acrobat Reader are trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated.
Top
Sub-policy 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XksxkEhn43Q:
MNDLZ 956 Oreo Minecraft IE Launch Pack transform 6s 16x9
Search
Watch later
Share
Copy link
Info
Shopping
Tap to unmute
2x
Taste Play Win
taste-play-win.oreo.eu
Play now!
Sponsored
My Ad Center
taste-play-win.oreo.eu
If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.
•
You're signed out
Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your computer.
Cancel
Confirm
Share
Include playlist
An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again later.
0:00
0:00
/
0:06
•
Watch full video
Live
•
•
Scroll for details
•
Back
Search