Terms
JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD Terms and Conditions
Last updated: October 1, 2023
These Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") govern your relationship with Shot Vision mobile application (the "Service") operated by JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD ("us", "we", or "our").
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using our Shot Vision mobile application (the "Service").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Subscriptions
Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis ("Billing Cycle"). Billing cycles are set either on a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD customer support team.
A valid payment method, including credit card, is required to process the payment for your Subscription. You shall provide JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state, zip code, telephone number, and a valid payment method information. By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your account to any such payment instruments.
Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice.
Fee Changes
JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD, in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees for the Subscriptions. Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle.
JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD will provide you with a reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.
Refunds
Certain refund requests for Subscriptions may be considered by JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD on a case-by-case basis and granted in sole discretion of JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the South Africa and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD.
JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of South Africa, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Terms and Conditions of Shot Vision
Privacy
JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD
Privacy Policy
Effective date: March 08, 2018
JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD ("us", "we", or "our") operates the website and the Shot Vision mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address First name and last name Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes. Use of Data
JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so To provide customer support To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service To monitor the usage of our Service To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside South Africa and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to South Africa and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Business Transaction
If JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation To protect and defend the rights or property of JETBLACK MEDIA (PTY) LTD To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@shotvisionapp.com
Privacy Policy of Shot Vision