17°C
Monday through Sunday
10AM – 10PM
Stores
Map
Deals
Events
Directions
Travel
VIP Club
Group Tour
Legal Information & Notices
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
ABCS Policy
Whistleblower Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookies Policy
Genting Simon Sdn Bhd (200801009367) and Genting Highlands Premium Outlets Sdn Bhd (201501026298) or its affiliates (may be individually or collectively referred to as; "
we
", "
our
" or "
us
") are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner.
Your access to any of our websites and/or mobile application software ("
Platform
"): (i) for use at Johor Premium Outlets
®
, Genting Highlands Premium Outlets
®
and such other outlets as may be operated by us from time to time (collectively, "
Outlets
"); or (ii) for use of the Services (as defined in the
Terms and Conditions of Use
) is subject to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we collect about you when you use our Platform and how we may use that information, with whom we may share it as well as how you may exercise your right to access, amend or delete the personal information you provide.
What information do we collect and how do we collect it?
In order to use certain services provided on the Platform or to participate promotional programs, you will need to register with us as a VIP member on the Platform. During your registration, we will gather information such as your name, mailing address and email address, mobile number or information about the mobile device you use, and demographic information, such as zip/postal code, age group and income level. If you choose to:
register via Facebook or Instagram, we may also collect your information from Facebook or Instagram directly; or
use our Personal Shopper services (as described in our
Terms and Conditions of Use
), we may also collect your information from WhatsApp or any other messaging services directly.
In the course of using our Platform, we may automatically collect certain information about you so that we may provide you with content that are most catered to your preference and needs. This information may include your bank account details, payment details, location data, the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you go to next (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, profile data, such as your username and password, orders related to you and data relating to your interests and preferences from your Facebook or Instagram account or from our communications via WhatsApp or any other messaging services (where applicable). Further, where we offer promotions related to the loyalty programme, we may also collect information regarding your membership and affairs from the programme owner, operator or partners.
If you wish to reserve a group tour using our Platform, we may collect further personal information such as your group name, motor coach provider, hotel/accommodation, reservation date, number of guests, dining options as well as anticipated arrival time.
How do we use it / purpose of use
We may use your information in a number of ways, including but not limited to, for the purposes of providing you with the Services, including facilitating your access to the Platform, administering your account, processing and delivering your purchase orders submitted via the Platform, update you on the status of your purchase orders, providing customer support and verifying and carrying out payment transactions, enhancing your shopping experience at the Outlets and/or on the Platform; sharing promotional materials related to the Outlets, Services and/or the Platform to you; including you in our redemption programmes; providing you with any of our products or services you may request; and conducting internal research on our user's demographics, interests, and site usage, to better understand and service you.
If you opt in, we may share your information with businesses affiliated with the Outlets, Services and/or the Platform. They may use and store this information to provide you services and you may receive product and service information from them, especially when you visit the Outlets and/or the Platform. We may also use your information to deliver information to you, in some cases, is targeted to your interests. In the future, we may make our email address list available to carefully screened companies whose products may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe you may do so by unsubscribing or by going to the 'Contact' page and sending an email, or by contacting us via the contact details provided below. We may not use your information for direct marketing purposes unless we obtain your consent. If you consent to such use, we may market the goods and services at the Outlets and/or the Platform directly to you. Direct marketing communications may be sent to you through various channels, including but not limited to through this Platform, email, SMS, WhatsApp or any other messaging services.
In the course of providing services via the Platform, we may share your information with our affiliates, third parties that we believe are reputable in order to offer products and services that may be of interest to you, as well as with outside vendors and organizations that provide support services to us or that help us with our marketing programs. Such affiliates or third parties may be located outside of Malaysia which may not guarantee the same level of protection for personal information as the one in which you reside. By using this Platform, you give your consent to our processing of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to the processing by our affiliates or third parties who may be located outside of Malaysia.
We may also be required to share your personal information in order to protect our legal rights, employees, agents, and affiliates, to protect the safety and security of our Platform users, to detect and protect against fraud, or to comply with any applicable laws or legal processes.
Should we intend to use personal information for a purpose other than those listed above, we will announce the same in advance to you, the relevant people, or to the public, including but not limited to by way of posting a notice on the Platform. We will not use personal information for any purposes other than the purposes mentioned above.
Your rights
You have the right to review, change or request deletion or limitation of our processing of your personal information by contacting us via the contact information provided below. To the extent permitted by law, we may reject your request and will provide a reason for such rejection.
How do we protect your information?
We use industry standard technology and efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. These include secure servers and firewalls. All Platform user data that we collect is protected against unauthorized access. Only authorized employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to this information.
What about cookies and web beacons?
A "cookie" is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive or browser, containing information about the user. We use cookies on our Platform, but none of them contain any personally identifiable information. In addition, we may decide to use cookies on certain pages of our Platform. Cookies can help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. Cookies are stored on your hard drive or browser, not on our Platform. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session.
Some of our business partners also use cookies on our site, for example, in connection with their advertising. We have no control over these cookies, and we may not have access to the information these advertisers collect. You may choose not to accept cookies by setting your browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you each time a cookie is set. If you choose to refuse cookies, however, you may not be able to use all features of our Platform.
This Platform and the communications generated from using and/or registering on this Platform, such as promotional emails, may contain electronic images known as "web beacons". Web beacons generally work in conjunction with cookies, and we may use them in the same way we use cookies (see above).
What about links to third-party websites?
Our Platform may sometimes provide links to websites that are operated solely by third parties that are not under our control. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to the personal information we collect on our Platform, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp or from any other means as stipulated in this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from our Platform or otherwise visit.
Your consent
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we only collect the personal information about you that you provide to us voluntarily. If you would prefer that we do not collect such personal information from you, please do not provide us with any such information. Please be informed that your access on the Platform and to our services may be restricted if you choose not to provide us such information. If you are aged between 13 to 18 years old, please obtain the consent of your parent / legal guardian. By using our Platform, you consent to the collection and use of the information described in this Privacy Policy. If you are aged below 13, please do not use our Platform.
Opt-out and managing your preferences
When you register for the VIP Club on this Platform or via your Facebook or Instagram account (if applicable), you will be asked to consent to the processing of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to whether or not you would like to receive marketing communications from us. You may change your preferences with respect to marketing communications or your other preferences at any time, by contacting us via the contact information provided below.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent to certain processing and/or transfers, we may no longer be able to provide you with the benefits of our services through this Platform. In the case of our Personal Shopper services, if you withdraw your consent to certain processing and/or transfers, we may no longer be able to offer you with the benefits of our Personal Shopper services through WhatsApp.
Will our Privacy Policy change in the future?
We are always improving and updating our services and Platform to further enhance your shopping experience at the Outlets and/or the Platform. As a result, our policies will continue to evolve. As we implement new technology and provide new services, we will update our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to refer to this page on an ongoing basis for our most current policy and practices.
Want to share your thoughts on privacy with us?
We welcome your comments and suggestions. You may contact our Personal Data Protection Officer at:
Telephone No. :
07-661 8812
Facsimile No. :
07- 661 8810
Email:
chriz.liew@genting.com
PRIVACY POLICY (BAHASA MALAYSIA)
Download the Terms of Use (Bahasa Malaysia)
.
This download requires Adobe Acrobat PDF Format. If you do not have Acrobat
download here
free.