Invitaion Maker privacy policy
Effective Date: November 13, 2023
Introduction
We are Invitation Maker (Hangzhou Lemi Network Technology Co., Ltd), and our services enable you to utilize high-quality templates along with online design and event management tools - for the purpose of customizing and creating compelling invitations and electronic greeting cards; as well as managing guests through invitations sent using our services.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices concerning the personal data of our service users (accessed via our web or mobile applications; "User" or "You") when downloading, accessing, and using our mobile and web applications, or otherwise interacting with any of our websites, online advertisements, assets, and media (collectively referred to as "Services").
This policy also outlines how we process personal data of your contacts and recipients ("Recipients") on your behalf (should you choose to upload it to our Services).
Specifically, it details our practices in the following aspects:
1. Data Collection
2. Data Usage
3. Cookies, Tracking, and Advertising Purposes
4. Storage and Retention
5. Data Sharing
6. Communications
7. Data Security
8. Data Subject Rights
9. Children
10. Data Controllers/Processors and Recipient Data
11. Updates and How to Contact Us
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to ensure you fully understand and agree to it. If you do not agree to the practices described in this policy, you should cease using our services immediately.
You are not required to provide us with any personal data, but without it, we may not be able to offer you the full range or optimum experience of our services (for instance, you may still use parts of our platform without registering, but will not be able to enjoy all of its features).
1. Data Collection
We collect four main categories of data (which we consider "personal data" to the extent that it is associated with an identifiable individual):
Automatically collected or generated data: When someone visits, interacts with, or uses our services, including any emails or texts sent to them through our services, we may collect or generate technical data about them. This data is collected or generated either independently or with the help of third-party services (see Sections 4 and 5 below for more details).
This data includes connection, technical, or aggregated usage data such as IP addresses, device advertiser IDs, non-identifying data about the device, operating systems, browser versions, the locale and language settings used, cookies and pixels installed on such devices, and the user's activities within our services (clicks and other interactions).
Data received from you: You may voluntarily provide us with personal data, such as your name and email address when you contact us, your hashed password, your content and images (including details about your events or other announcements if you choose to submit them when using the services), when you post on our public forums or groups, when you register to receive email updates, when you make any purchases through our services, or when you choose to link your Facebook or Google accounts to our services.
Data received from Facebook, Google, and other channels: If you choose to connect your Facebook or Google account to our services, we will have access to your full name and user ID on Facebook or Google. You may also opt to allow us access to images stored on such services so that you can retrieve these images and use them on our services. Such access also allows us to collect the following parameters (to the extent available and only when you have set them to "public"): your profile picture, gender, date of birth, tagged and marked pictures, locale, and time zone.
In addition, we or our advertising partners may receive general information about the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, such as target age groups or interests, from Facebook, Google, and our other marketing channels, and we or our partners may be able to link such general information to any other data we hold (for more information about our advertising practices, please read Section 4 below).
Transaction Data
: Our service allows you to make purchases. Currently, all purchases must be completed using Stripe or PayPal, which will then provide us with limited data about your order. We do not collect or store your financial data, such as your credit card numbers or bank account details. However, we may still receive non-financial personal data related to your order, such as your name, PayPal username/email, billing and shipping addresses, items purchased, and amount paid, in order to fulfill your purchase and for our accounting purposes.
2. Data Usage
We use your personal data as necessary to perform our services; comply with applicable laws; support our efforts in maintaining and improving our services and products; understand how our services are used; optimize our marketing and advertising efforts; deliver effective advertising on our services and through other channels; improve our customer service and support operations; and protect our legitimate interests, which include protecting our users, ourselves, and our services.
If you reside or are using the service (i) in a jurisdiction governed by privacy laws that determine "consent" as the sole legal basis for processing personal data (generally or specifically concerning the type of personal data you choose to share via the service) or (ii) within the EEA and share and provide us with personal data whose processing requires "consent" under applicable law (such as "special categories" under GDPR), your acceptance of our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy's content will be regarded as your consent to the processing of your personal data for all purposes detailed in this policy. If you wish to revoke such consent, please contact us at
guanliyuan@lovewith.me
.
Therefore, we store and process your personal data for the following purposes:
Facilitate, operate, and provide our services;
Verify our users' identity and allow them to access additional features;
Offer our users customer care, assistance, and technical support services;
Further develop, customize, and improve the service and your user experience, based on common or personal preferences, experiences, and difficulties;
Manage and deliver advertisements more effectively, including context-based, behavioral, and interest-based advertising purposes based on your activity on our services or interactions with our services, and based on preferences or other data we or our business partners may obtain (including data for re-targeting purposes);
Contact our users with general or personalized service-related notices and promotional messages, and facilitate, sponsor, and offer certain contests and promotions;
Support and enhance our data security measures, including for the prevention and mitigation of the risks of fraud, errors, or any illegal or prohibited activities;
Create aggregated statistical data, inferred non-personal data, or anonymized or pseudonymized data (presented as non-personal), which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services; and
Comply with any applicable laws and regulations.
3. Cookies, Tracking, and Advertising Uses
Our services, as well as some of our service providers, use “cookies,” anonymous identifiers, and other tracking technologies which help us provide and improve our services, personalize your experience, and monitor the performance of our activities and the usage of our services as a whole.
“Cookies” are small text files used, for example, to collect data about activity on our website. Some cookies and other technologies may be used to recall personal data previously indicated by a user, such as IP addresses. For more information about our “cookies” and related practices, as well as the list of cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy here.
Our services also utilize advertising from third-party services and products. We and our advertising partners use certain data about you, deploying context and interest-based advertising as well as targeting, ad measurement, and attribution systems, to improve our advertising practices and make the advertisements we provide more effective, relevant, and enjoyable. The advertisements provided by us or our advertising partners may be displayed within our services or through other channels (e.g., third-party websites and applications).
Such data includes your device advertising identifiers (such as IDFA, where available), your IP address, cookies, pixels, and other unique identifiers, data related to your Facebook profile if connected (if available, such as your gender, age group, region, or country), and other demographic and interest-based information we or our advertising partners may receive about you or from you, based on your consent or other legal bases (i.e., as necessary to provide our respective services to you, or based on legitimate interests described in Section 2 above). Please note that we do not share with our advertising partners the data you provide us through your associated Facebook or Google accounts.
Be aware that this Privacy Policy does not cover the processing of your data by our advertising partners and networks. We recommend you review their privacy policies for more information (a list of our advertising partners and networks and their policies can be found here).
How to Adjust Your Preferences for Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
While we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the browser HTTP header, most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether to accept them and how to remove them. You can set most browsers to notify you when you receive a cookie or you can choose to block cookies with your browser.
If you wish to block the use of your mobile device’s advertising ID or other identifiers for the delivery of interest-based advertising, you can change your device settings to reset such advertising IDs or opt-out of such advertising (typically, this can be done in the “Privacy” or “Advertising” section of the device’s settings). You can also change browser settings to reset or block cookies (typically found under the “Settings” or “Help” section in the browser menu).
Google Mobile Ads
Please note that if you reset cookies or opt-out of interest-based advertising, you may still see advertising on our services or any other channels, but those ads will not be targeted based on the aforementioned identifiers. For example, such ads may be based on context, such as your activity on our services or your language preferences. Also, note that such actions might lead to a less pleasant user experience.
4. Storage and Retention
Data Location: Your personal data may be maintained, processed, accessed, and stored by Invitation Maker and our authorized affiliates, service providers, and business partners in China and other jurisdictions as necessary for the proper delivery of our services or as may be required by law.
The jurisdiction in which Invitation Maker (Hangzhou Lemi Network Technology Co., Ltd) is located is recognized by the European Commission as providing adequate protection for the personal data of residents of EU member states. While privacy laws may vary between jurisdictions, Invitation Maker has taken reasonable measures to ensure that your personal data is processed in a secure and lawful manner and in accordance with industry practices by its affiliates and service providers, irrespective of any lesser legal requirements that may be applicable within their jurisdiction.
Data Retention:
We retain your personal data for as long as necessary to maintain and expand our relationship and to provide you with our services. In other words, as long as you remain our user and do not otherwise notify us (or delete your account, as described in Section 8), we will retain your personal data. We will also retain your personal data to comply with our legal and contractual obligations, or to protect ourselves from any potential disputes (i.e., as required by laws applicable to log-keeping, documentation, and bookkeeping, and to obtain proof and evidence concerning our relationship, should any legal issues arise following your discontinuation of use). If you have any questions about our data retention policy, please contact us at
guanliyuan@lovewith.me
.
Please note that we are not obligated to retain your data for any specific period by applicable law and may securely delete your data at any time without notice, for any reason.
5. Data Sharing
We may share your data with certain third parties (including law enforcement agencies, our service providers, and our affiliates) but only in accordance with this policy:
Legal Compliance: We may disclose or allow government and law enforcement officials access to certain personal data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant, or court order (or similar requirement), or to comply with applicable law and regulations, including for national security purposes. Such disclosure or access may occur with or without notice to you if we sincerely believe we are legally compelled to do so, or if disclosure is appropriate in efforts to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing.
Service Providers and Business Partners: We may engage selected third-party companies and individuals to provide services complementary to our own services (e.g., hosting services, data analytics services, marketing agencies and advertising services and tools, data and cyber security services, fraud detection and prevention services, payment processing services, user engagement services, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording services, and our business, legal, financial, and compliance advisors) (collectively, “Service Providers”). These Service Providers may have the right to access your personal data, depending on their particular roles and purposes in facilitating and complementing our services, and may only use it for such purposes.
Third-Party Integrations: The service allows you to integrate with certain third-party services, such as to connect your Facebook or Google account to the service, or to connect your PayPal account for purchases, in which case you will be subject to the terms of service and privacy policy of the respective third party (such as PayPal or Facebook) - therefore, make sure you read and accept them in advance. We do not receive or store passwords for any of these third-party services.
Protecting Rights and Safety: We may share your personal data with others if we sincerely believe that it will help protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Invitation Maker, any of our users, or any member of the public.
Further Sharing of Personal Data: We may share your personal data in other ways if we have a legal obligation to do so, or if we have successfully de-identified the data to the point where it is non-personal and anonymous. We may also disclose your personal data with your explicit consent. We may decide to transfer, share, or otherwise use non-personal data at our own discretion, without further approval.
6. Communications
Service Communications: We may contact you with important information regarding our services. For example, we may notify you (through any of the means available to us) about changes or updates to our services, billing issues, etc. You will not have the option to opt-out of receiving such service communications.
7. Data Security
To protect your personal data held by us and our service providers, we are using industry-standard physical, procedural, and electronic security measures, including encryption where appropriate. However, please be aware that regardless of the security measures we take, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of any personal data stored with us or with any third parties.
8. Data Subject Rights
If you wish to exercise any rights provided under applicable law (including GDPR or CCPA), such as the right to request access to, correction or deletion of your personal data held by us, or to restrict or object to such personal data's processing, or to port such personal data, or the right to equal services and prices (to the extent provided to you under applicable law) — please contact us at
guanliyuan@lovewith.me
.
You can also delete your user account and related personal data by logging into your user account and using the "Delete Account" function. If you choose to opt-out of the sale of your personal data, you can also contact us.
Please note that once you contact us by email, we may require additional information and documents, including certain personal data, to verify and confirm your identity and process your request. Such additional data will then be kept for legitimate purposes in accordance with our data retention policy (e.g., to have proof of the identity of the person making the request).
Note that due to our reliance on the APIs and systems of our service providers, your request may take up to several weeks to process.
9. Children
Our services are not intended for children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal data from children, nor do we wish to do so. If we learn that a child is using the services, we will prohibit and block such use and will make every effort to promptly delete any personal data stored about the child.
If you believe we may have any such data, please contact us at
guanliyuan@lovewith.me
.
10. Data Controllers/Processors and Recipient Data
Certain data protection laws and regulations (such as GDPR or CCPA) typically distinguish between two main roles for parties processing personal data: “Data Controllers” (or “Businesses” under the CCPA), who determine the purposes and means of processing personal data, and “Data Processors” (or “Service Providers” under the CCPA), who process the data on behalf of the Data Controllers. Below we explain how these roles apply to our services within the scope of such laws and regulations.
Invitation Maker is the “Data Controller” of its users' personal data and assumes the responsibilities of a Data Controller, as specified in this Privacy Policy (to the extent applicable by law).
If a user uploads or submits any recipient's personal data to our service (e.g., in creating online greeting cards or updating their guest lists), then such a user will be considered as the “Data Controller” of their recipients' data, and we will process such data only on behalf of our users (as their “Data Processor”) — according to their reasonable instructions and in compliance with our Terms of Use. Users are fully responsible for fulfilling any legal requirements applicable to Data Controllers (such as obtaining all necessary consents and establishing any required legal basis for processing the recipients' data through the service, as well as responding to data subject rights requests concerning their data control).
Each user is fully responsible for the security, integrity, and authorized use of their recipients' personal data, and for obtaining consents or establishing other necessary legal bases, permissions, and providing any required fair processing notices needed for the collection and use of such data.
If you are a recipient of any of our users, please note that Invitation Maker only processes your data on behalf of that user. If recipients wish to make any requests or queries regarding their personal data, we encourage them to contact such users directly. For example, if you are a recipient who wishes to access, correct, or delete data processed by Invitation Maker on behalf of its user, please direct your request to the relevant user (the actual “controller” of such data). If requested to delete any recipient's personal data, we will respond to such requests within thirty (30) days. We will retain recipients' personal data for the period prescribed in Section 5 above unless instructed otherwise by our users.
11. Updates and How to Contact Us
Updates and Amendments: We may occasionally update and revise this policy by posting a revised version on our service. The revised version will be effective as of the published effective date. If we make any substantial changes, we will make an effort to notify you by any means available to us or through the service in advance
. All modifications are to be considered accepted by you after such notification period.
Questions, Concerns, or Complaints: If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you have any concerns regarding your privacy, please contact us at
guanliyuan@lovewith.me
.