Data Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement explains our practices, including your choices, regarding the
                collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal
                information, in connection with the PARKONIC Smart Parking Services.
Collection of Information
We collect your personal information to provide and continually improve our
                products and services.
We receive and store information about you, such as:
Information you provide to us:
Account Information -
Your PARKONIC App Account details, including your
                        name, email address, vehicle plate number, and telephone number. We
                        collect this information when you create a PARKONIC account, enter the
                        information in our payment machines, interact with our customer service, or
                        participate in surveys or marketing promotions.
Payment Information -
Data about your payment method, such as bank
                        details, credit, debit, or other payment card information.
Transaction Information –
Data about parking transactions at any PARKONIC
                        location, including parking validation and membership.
Information we collect automatically
We collect information about you and your
                use of our service, your interactions with us, and our advertising, as well as
                information regarding your network, network devices, and your computer or
                other PARKONIC App-capable devices you might use to access our parking
                service.
This information includes:
Usage Data –
Data about your activity on the PARKONIC App, such
                        as PARKONIC locations you visited, parking charges transactions, PARKONIC
                        Wallet transactions, and purchased membership.
Communication Data –
Data about your interactions with us through emails,
                        texts, and our messages through push and online messaging channels.
Customer Support Data–
Details of your interactions with our customer
                        service, such as the date, time, phone number, reason for contacting us,
                        transcripts of chat conversations, or call recordings.
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested.
                However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases, we will not be able to provide
                you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Use of Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the
                services that we offer our clients and customers.
These purposes include:
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve PARKONIC Services –
We use your personal
                        information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve
                        the usability and effectiveness of PARKONIC Services.
Comply with legal obligations –
To comply with the law, we collect and use
                        your personal information.
Communicate with you –
We use your personal information to communicate
                        with you concerning PARKONIC Services via different channels (e.g., by phone,
                        email, chat).
Process Your Transactions –
We use your personal information such as your
                        name, purchase, and payment to process your parking payment transaction.
Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks –
We use personal information to prevent
                        and detect fraud and abuse to protect the security of our customers, PARKONIC,
                        and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Disclosure of Information
We disclose your information for specific purposes and to third parties, as described
                below:
The VALTRANS Group of companies:
We share your information among the
                        VALTRANS family of companies as needed when providing you with access to
                        our services; providing customer support; making decisions about service
                        improvements; content development; and for other purposes described in
                        the Use of Information section of this Privacy Statement.
Service Providers:
We use other companies, agents, or contractors ("Service
                        Providers") to perform services on our behalf or to assist us in implementing our
                        services to you.
For example:
We might engage Service Providers to provide marketing, advertising,
                communications, security, infrastructure, and IT services.
The Service Providers might also provide the following:
Optimize our service
Provide bank account or balance information
Process credit card transactions or other payment methods
Provide customer service
Analyze and enhance data (including data about users'
                        interactions with our service)
Process and administer consumer surveys
In the course of providing such services, these Service Providers may have
                access to your personal or other information. We do not authorize them to
                use or disclose your personal information, except when providing their
                services (which includes their maintenance and improvement of service).
Security
We use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to
                safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use
                and modification. These measures are designed to provide a level of security
                appropriate to the risks of processing your personal information.