Skip to content
Search
See more
We've sent you an email with a link to update your password.
Login
A link to reset your password has been sent if an account was associated with your email
Email
Password
SIGN IN
Create account
Forgot your password?
Reset your password
We will send you an email to reset your password.
Email
SUBMIT
Cancel
Wishlist
See All
Recently Viewed
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: 4th December, 2020
Thats So Fetch PTY LTD recognises and values the protection of your personal information. We are aware of our obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 and we will ensure that we fulfill our obligations under that Act.
For further information we can be contacted on:
Email:
contact@thatssofetch.com.au
We recognise that you may have concerns about our collection of your personal information via our website, which is located at https://thatssofetch.com.au (the
Website
) and how we may use that information.
We have implemented this Privacy Policy in order to inform you about how we will collect, store, use your personal information and under what circumstances we may disclose your personal information.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, postal address ("Personal Information").
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
We use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a Children under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Accessing, correcting and updating your information
You have the right to access the information that you provide to us.
If you wish to access, modify or remove any personal information that you have provided to us, please contact our Privacy Officer at contact@thatssofetch.com.au
We reserve our right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Should any significant amendments occur, notification would be provided by publication on the Website. For further information about privacy, please refer to the Australian Privacy Commissioner’s website
www.privacy.gov.au
.
Text Marketing & Notifications
By entering your phone number in the checkout and initialising a purchase, subscribing via our subscription form or a keyword, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. Text marketing messages will not exceed 10
a month. You acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase.
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you with in any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply.
For any questions please text HELP to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt out please follow the procedures above.
Menu
Shop
Search
Account
Help
SHOP OUR APP FOR 15% OFF
Scan the QR code below.
GET 15% OFF
My Wishlist
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.privacy.gov.au/:
We use cookies on this site
We use cookies to analyse traffic and to improve your browsing experience on our website. To find out more, read our
privacy policy
.
Close
Skip to main content
We’re the independent national regulator for privacy and freedom of information.
We promote and uphold your rights to access government-held information and have your personal information protected.
Make a privacy complaint
Report a data breach
Apply for an Information Commissioner review
Learn about ...
Privacy
Freedom of information
Consumer Data Right
Guidance on privacy and developing and training generative AI models
What is a notifiable data breach?
Tips to protect your My Health Record
Privacy impact assessment register assessment program
Guidance on privacy and the use of commercially available AI products
View all privacy
Freedom of Information Practitioners’ Survey 2024
What is freedom of information?
How to make a freedom of information request
Information Publication Scheme
Australian Government freedom of information statistics
View all freedom of information
Consumer Data Right Privacy Safeguard Guidelines
What is the Consumer Data Right?
Consumer Data Right privacy and security
How to make a Consumer Data Right complaint
Guide to developing a Consumer Data Right policy
View all Consumer Data Right
Latest news
OAIC’s support for national footprint
The OAIC is Australia’s national privacy and information access regulator.
Published
6 March 2025
Senate estimates opening statement February 2025
Read the opening statement tabled by Australian Information Commissioner Elizabeth Tydd with the Legal and Constitutional…
Estimates
Published
26 February 2025
OAIC accepts Oxfam Australia enforceable undertaking
Privacy Commissioner Carly Kind has accepted an enforceable undertaking offered by Oxfam Australia.
Data breach
Enforcement
Privacy
Published
20 February 2025
View all latest news
Did you find this helpful?
Yes
No
We'd love to hear more!
Please tell us more
Rate your experience
We'd love to hear more about your rating
What did you come here to do?
How can we improve this information?
⨯
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin