Privacy Policy
Effective date: [9/1/2020]
We at Metamoki know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By using or accessing the Service in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
Remember that your use of Metamoki’s Service is at all times subject to the Terms of Use http://www.metamoki.com/terms-of-use.html, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use http://www.metamoki.com/terms-of-use.html.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we gather when you are accessing or using our Service, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Service, including to personalize, provide, and improve our services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Service. In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.
As noted in the Terms of Use http://www.metamoki.com/terms-of-use.html, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Service or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at support@metamoki.com.
Will Metamoki ever change this Privacy Policy?
We’re constantly trying to improve our Service, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the Service, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Service, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Service after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.
What information does Metamoki collect?
Information You Provide to Us:
We may receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, if you reach out to us for support, we may collect Personal Information you specifically provide to us (if any). If you provide your third-party account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Service through a third party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Service is covered by this Privacy Policy; for example, if you created an account with us by authorizing us to connect to your Facebook profile, we may collect any Personal Information you have made available through that profile. Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
Information Collected Automatically:
Whenever you interact with our Service, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Service, and the page or feature you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Service are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. Our advertising partners may also transmit cookies to your browser or device, when you click on ads that appear on the Service. Also, if you click on a link to a third party website or service, such third party may also transmit cookies to you. Again, this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices. Please be aware that cookies placed by third parties may continue to track your activities online even after you have left our Service, and those third parties may not honor “Do Not Track” requests you have set using your browser or device.
We may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns. We may also use it to improve the Service – for example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Service, and we can use that knowledge to make the Service interesting to as many users as possible.
Will Metamoki share any of the Personal Information it receives?
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone, except as expressly provided below. We may share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this below:
​Information that’s been de-identified.
​We may de-identify your Personal Information so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners. We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Service, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience.
Advertisers:
We allow advertisers and/or merchant partners (“Advertisers”) to choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers and you agree that by using the Service those Advertisers may obtain Personal Information from you directly, solely in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers. For example, Advertisers might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses. However, we do not ourselves collect such Personal Information, nor do we share any such information with Advertisers. Note that if an Advertiser asks us to show an ad to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that ad, the Advertiser may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they were trying to reach.
Affiliated Businesses:
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with the Service (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies.
Our Agents:
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you; for example, we may use a payment processing company to receive and process your credit card transactions for us. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. Note that an “agent” may also be considered a “partner” in certain circumstances, and may be subject to the terms of the “Information that’s been de-identified” section above in that regard.
User Profiles and Submissions:
Certain user profile information, including your name, location, and any video or image content that such user has uploaded to the Service, may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Service or address your request for our services. Please remember that any content you upload to your public user profile, along with any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by anyone. Your user name may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or comments or upload images or videos through the Service and other users can contact you through messages and comments. Additionally, if you sign into the Service through a third party social networking site or service (e.g., Facebook), your list of “friends” from that site or service may be imported to the Service (if you authorized us to do so), and such “friends,” if they are also registered users of the Service, may be able to access certain non-public information you have entered in your Service user profile. Again, we do not control the policies and practices of any other third party site or service.
Business Transfers:
We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Protection of Metamoki and Others:
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our Terms of Use http://www.metamoki.com/terms-of-use.html and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Metamoki, our employees, our users, or others.
Is Personal Information about me secure?
Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
What Personal Information can I access?
Through your account settings you may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you’ve provided to us:
Username and password, including your Facebook account information if that is how you created an account on the Service.
Delete and re-install the app without Facebook connecting.
The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Service changes. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at support@metamoki.com.
If you are a parent or guardian of a user of our Service who is under 13, you may contact us at any time at support@metamoki.com to ask that (a) we stop collecting Personal Information from such user, (b) we delete any Personal Information already collected from such user, and (c) we stop disclosing Personal Information collected from such user to third parties, but continue to allow for collection and use of Personal Information collected from such user in connection with the Service. Please note that the terms regarding deleted data outlined below in “What choices do I have?” also apply to deleted Personal Information from children under 13.
What choices do I have?
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained above. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. Some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
For California Residents:
The 2018 California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) gives California residents certain rights including the rights (i) to request disclosure of the company's data collection and sales practices regarding the California resident; (ii) to have the requesting consumer's information deleted, subject to certain exceptions; (iii) to request that their personal information not be sold to third parties, if applicable; and (iv) not to be discriminated against because they exercised any of these rights. If you are a California resident, you can send us an information or deletion request via email to support@metamoki.com Metamoki may request additional information from you to verify your identity. We will respond within 45 days of receiving your request (which may be extended with notice to you in certain circumstances). Please be aware that such a request may not guarantee complete deletion of your data from our systems and that there may be cases where the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
What if I have questions about this policy?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message at support@metamoki.com, and we will try to resolve your concerns.
MOB WARS and Metamoki are trademarks of Metamoki Inc. All rights reserved.