PRIVACY POLICY IN ENGLISH
POLITYKA PRYWATNOŚCI PO POLSKU
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://jmobile.pl/privacy/privacy_en.html:
PRIVACY POLICY
Definitions:
Application - mobile application owned by GatoRojo
Google Advertising ID – advertisement display ID assigned by Google Play to Applications downloaded from Play Store, which enables displaying personalized advertisements to Users;
GatoRojo: ul. Górnośląska 52, 62-800 Kalisz, mail: gatorojoapp@gmail.com
User - natural person using the Application;
Google services – Google Play Services, AdMob, Firebase Analytics.
ironSource Mobile Ltd. dpo@ironsrc.com 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
§
1
This Privacy Policy indicates the type of User’s data downloaded while using the Application, as well as the person who downloads the data and the purpose for which the data is used.
GatoRojo declares that it treats its Users’ privacy with special care.
All GatoRojo Applications are subject to this Privacy Policy.
By using Applications, the User gives their consent to the terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy.
§
2
GatoRojo represents that, during the use of Applications, the company does not collect any data that would enable the identification of the User.
GatoRojo represents that, as of the installation of the Application on a mobile device, a special code is installed to download the Google Advertising ID of the device
GatoRojo declares that the objective of Data collection is to:
enable displaying personalized advertisements to the User on the widely understood Internet.
produce statistics and marketing studies.
The statistics and marketing studies mentioned in section 3b) are prepared solely based on data that precludes identifying the User.
§
3
GatoRojo does not take any actions related to downloading and collecting Data.
All actions related to downloading and collecting Data are taken by Trusted Partners.
Trusted Partners provide Data privacy protection based on 4 pillars:
THEY DO NOT IDENTIFY the User (the User remains completely anonymous to the them);
THEY DO NOT CONNECT Data (they do not connect obtained Data with any other Users);
THEY DO NOT SHARE Data (they do not transfer User’s Data to any other entities);
THEY DO NOT TAKE RISK with regard to Data (they apply the highest security standards).
To obtain accurate information about collecting and processing Data, please read the Trusted Partner’s Privacy Policy:
Google Play Services –
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
AdMob –
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=pl
Firebase Analytics –
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics
IronSource –
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
§
4
Subject to Articles § 2 and § 3 of this Privacy Policy, the basis for collecting and processing Data is the User’s consent.
The User may grant their consent through selecting a relevant option during the installation and the first launch of the Application.
§
5
While ordering advertisements in entities providing advertisement display services (e.g. Google, Facebook), only the anonymous Google Advertising ID shall be provided. The Google Android operating system provides the possibility to reset the ID at any time.
Data is deleted or irrevocably anonymized no later than a year after its collection.
If Data is used for a specific marketing campaign, its deletion may be postponed by the end of the campaign, however, for no more than six months.
§
6
Data is collected and processed without identifying the User.
Due to the fact that Partners have access only to Google Advertising ID, the identification of the User may be a complex process, even if it is made at the request and with the involvement of the User.
The User may file a complaint against the collection and processing of Data to the President of the Personal Data Protection Office.
Subject to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC, each person whose personal data is processed has the right to access, correct, limit, delete or transfer their data.
The right to access, correct, limit, delete or transfer data may be executed only after a prior, clear identification of the User, which, as specified in section 2, may be difficult and in some cases impossible. Identification means associating the User with the Google Advertising ID of the mobile device. To identify the User, our Partners may request specific information and/or provide documents and the mobile device.
§
7
In case of any questions and the need for information about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following address: gatorojoapp@gmail.com .
GatoRojo reserves the right to introduce changes into the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
The last update of this Privacy Policy was introduced on 10 May 2023.