Privacy Policy
UNION ("we," "us," and "our") is committed to treating your personal information with respect and sensitivity. This privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") explains how we may collect, store, use, and disclose information when you access or use (1) our website located at www.getunion.com and all of our other websites to which this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, our "Site") and (2) any services, content, and features made available by us through our Site (together with our Site, our "Services").
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
By accessing or using our Services, you consent to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. The provisions contained in this Privacy Policy supersede all prior notices and statements regarding our privacy practices with respect to our Services. If you do not agree to every provision of this Privacy Policy, you may not access or use our Services.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
When you access or use our Services, we may collect information that identifies you ("Personal Information"), and we may also collect information that does not identify you ("Anonymous Information"). When Anonymous Information is, directly or indirectly, associated or combined with Personal Information, such Anonymous Information will be considered Personal Information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. In addition, to the extent that Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses or similar identifiers or information are considered personally identifiable information under applicable law, we will treat such identifiers and information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
Information You Provide to Us: In general, you may visit our Site without telling us who you are or sharing any Personal Information with us. When you register for an account for our Services (an "Account"), use other aspects of our Services, or communicate with us about our Services, we may ask you to provide certain Personal Information, such as your first and last name, your email address, and your address. We may also ask you whether you want to receive text messages relating to our Services. By providing your mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receive text messages from us relating to our Services at that number. Third-party data and message fees may apply. You may decline to provide Personal Information to us, but, if you do so, certain features of our Services may not be available to you or the performance of certain features of our Services may be limited or not work at all.
Information Collected From Devices: When you access or use our Services via a computer or mobile device, including, without limitation, a desktop computer, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other electronic device (each, a "Device"), we may collect information from your Device, such as your Device type and manufacturer, your Device operating system and version, your mobile carrier, your Device identifiers, your mobile phone number, your IP address, your browser type, your network connection type, your general location, information about the webpage that referred you to our Site or that you visited prior to our Site, and your behavior and activity on our Site.
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Technologies: When you access or use our Services, we may place small data files on your Device that assign random, unique numbers to your Device to enable us to recognize your Device when you access or use our Services. These data files may be cookies, pixel tags, other local shared objects, or similar technologies provided by your browser or associated applications (collectively, "Cookies"). We use Cookies to recognize your Device, manage and store your settings and preferences for our Services, improve our Services, offer targeted products and services to you, advertise to you on third-party websites, and collect and analyze information about your access and use of our Services.
The Cookies we use in connection with our Services may include the following:
Session Cookies: Session Cookies are temporary Cookies that expire and are automatically erased when you close your browser window. We may use session Cookies to grant you access to content and to enable actions that require you to be logged into your Account to perform.
Persistent Cookies: Persistent Cookies are Cookies that usually have an expiration date in the distant future and remain in your browser until they expire or you manually delete them. We may use persistent Cookies to better understand usage patterns so we can improve our Services. For example, we may use a persistent Cookie to associate you with your Account or to remember your choices for our Services.
Third-Party Cookies: We may permit certain third parties to place Cookies through our Services to provide us with better insight about the use of our Services and user demographics and to provide relevant advertising to you. These third parties may use Cookies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you access or use our Services. For example, we may use Google Analytics to analyze usage patterns for our Site and Google AdWords to provide targeted advertising to you on third-party websites and applications. In connection with such services, Google may generate cookies to capture information about your access and use of our Site and third-party websites and applications that Google may use to display targeted advertising, compile reports on activity for us, and provide other related services. Your web browser may automatically send certain information to Google, such as the web address of the page that you are visiting and your IP address. To opt out of Google Analytics for our Site, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page and install the add-on for your browser. For more details on installing and uninstalling the add-on, please see the relevant help resources for your specific browser. You can also use Ads Settings to manage the Google ads you see and opt out of Ads Personalization. Even if you opt out of Ads Personalization, you may still see ads based on factors, such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms. You can also manage many companies' cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs, such as aboutads.info choices page. We do not control third parties' use of Cookies or similar tracking technologies. Such use is subject to the respective third parties' privacy policies.
By accessing or using our Services, you consent to the placement of Cookies on your Devices as described in this Privacy Policy. If you prefer not to receive Cookies through our Services, you may control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser. Unless you set your browser settings to refuse all Cookies, our systems may issue Cookies when you access or use our Services. If you set your browser settings to refuse all Cookies, the performance of certain features of our Services may be limited or not work at all.
In some of our email messages to you, we may use "click-through URLs" linked to content on our Site. We track click-through data to help us understand and analyze interest in topics and use of our Services.
Do Not Track: Do Not Track ("DNT") is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. We do not use technology that recognizes DNT signals from your web browser.
Information Collected From Third Parties: We may collect Personal Information from time to time from third parties, such as social networks, subject to their respective privacy policies and any applicable privacy settings.
Information Collected by Authentication Integrations: If you elect to integrate your account with services provided by third parties, such as Google, certain data may be automatically collected by Google through the use of certain application programming interfaces used for registration and authentication functions, such as Google's OAuth service. Such data is specified in the privacy policies of any such service, including Google's privacy policy.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We may use Anonymous Information as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy and for research and commercial purposes, such as to improve our Services.

    We may use Personal Information for the purposes described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy and internally for our general commercial purposes, including, among other things, to:

    provide our Services and notices related thereto
    analyze, improve, and customize our Services
    provide customer and technical support for our Services
    send you announcements, newsletters, promotional materials, and other information about our Services and third-party products and services that we think may be of interest to you
    detect, prevent, and investigate actual or suspected fraud, hacking, infringement, or other misconduct involving our Services
    collect fees and other amounts owed in connection with our Services.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We may share Anonymous Information with third parties as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy and for our commercial purposes.

    We do not share Personal Information with third parties, except as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy and as follows:

    if you request or authorize it
    to complete a transaction or provide a service requested by you
    to our third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting, order fulfillment, infrastructure, network storage, customer service, technical support, and promotional services
    to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations and governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, and subpoenas
    to protect our rights, property, and safety or the rights, property, and safety of our users and others
    if the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer, or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, your Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets) or in the event of bankruptcy
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
You may opt not to receive promotional emails from us by contacting us as indicated below or by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in any promotional email you receive from us. Please note, however, that we may still send you non-promotional emails about your relationship with us.
INFORMATION YOU SHARE SOCIALLY
Our Services may allow you to connect and share your actions, comments, content, and information publicly or with friends. We are not responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any information you share publicly or with friends. In addition, our Services may allow you to connect with us on, share on, and use third-party websites, applications, and services. Please be mindful of your personal privacy needs and the privacy needs of others as you choose to connect and share information with friends and others. We cannot control the privacy or security of information you choose to make public or share with others. We also do not control the privacy practices of third parties. Please contact those websites and services directly if you want to learn about their privacy practices.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We have, and require our third-party service providers to have, administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our respective physical facilities and in our respective computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are reasonably designed to protect information contained within such systems from loss, misuse, and alteration. The measures we use may include storing Personal Information on secured servers, transmitting Personal Information, including payment account information, using encryption technologies, such as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS), and auditing and reviewing our data collection and storage practices.

    No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your Personal Information. You also play a role in protecting your Personal Information. Please safeguard your username and password for your Account and do not share them with others. If we receive instructions using your Account log-in information, we will consider that you have authorized the instructions. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security related to our Services. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse to provide our Services, terminate Accounts, and to remove or edit content.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Subject to applicable law, which might, from time to time, oblige us to store your Personal Information for a certain period of time, we will respect your wishes to correct inaccurate information. Otherwise, we will retain Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law. You may change your Account information at any time by updating your Account profile via our Site.
PROTECTING CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Services are not directed, or intended to be attractive, to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not access or use our Services or submit any information to us. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at support@getunion.com.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND APPLICATIONS
When you access or use our Services, you may be directed to other websites or applications that are beyond our control. We may also allow third-party websites or applications to link to our Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or the content of linked websites and applications. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such parties, websites, and applications. This Privacy Policy only applies to our Services.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your Personal Information may be stored on computers and systems in the United States and other countries. By using our Services, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, and storage of your Personal Information in such countries in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. You also acknowledge that the privacy laws of such countries may differ from the laws in the country where you are located and may not provide you the same rights or protections for your Personal Information.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion, subject to applicable law. When we revise this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised version on our Site. The revised Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting on our Site, unless otherwise set forth therein or as otherwise required by applicable law. You are free to decide whether or not to accept a revised version of this Privacy Policy, but accepting this Privacy Policy, as revised, is required for you to continue accessing and using our Services. Your access to or use of our Services after a revised version of this Privacy Policy takes effect will constitute your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or any revised version of this Privacy Policy, your sole recourse is to terminate your access to and use of our Services. Except as otherwise expressly stated by us, your access to and use of our Services are subject to the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time of your access or use of our Services.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, inquiries, requests, complaints, or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@getunion.com.