Technology
FAQ
Video guide
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID Products and Services
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. We want to make your experience online
            satisfying and safe. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should
            fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that
            information. The information you provide is safeguarded. This Privacy Policy discloses what information we
            gather and how we use it.
LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID would like to provide you with information about the processing of your
            personal data for the use of the services provided to you as a result of your use of the LISTENING DEVICE,
            HEARING AID applications and website (hereinafter: “the Service”).
By your use of LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID Services, including the use of our website and (mobile phone)
            applications (our “Site” and “Applications”), you consent to the processing of your personal data, if any,
            for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Please review the below information. By entering our website or registering for and/or using our products and
            services you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and authorize LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID to
            disclose the information as described below.
Using a microphone
We need AUDIO RECORD PERMISSION from your device for capturing the sounds around you and play it through the
            headphone as like as a hearing aid device. We don't collect any of your personal information as we respect
            your privacy.
Collection and use of information
When you register with us and use the Application and our web-site, you generally provide (a) your name,
            email address, phone number, state and zip code, location, age, period of hearing loss, model of your mobile
            phone and OS version, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related
            information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from
            us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase
            and use of the Application. LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID uses the information we collect to provide you
            with our products and services and to respond to your questions. We also use the information for editorial
            and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors
            have seen or clicked on their advertisements, and to customize the content and layout of LISTENING DEVICE,
            HEARING AID web-site and application. We also use the information we collect for statistical analysis of
            users' behavior, for product development, for content improvement, to ensure our products and services
            remain functioning and secure. Individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail
            addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to LISTENING
            DEVICE, HEARING AID may be added to LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID databases and used for future calls and
            mailings regarding site updates, new products and services.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to
            collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication
            data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; Information about your computer and internet
            connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type; The Website may use "cookies" and
            other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID uses cookies to track
            user traffic patterns. Information LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID gathers through aggregated tracking is used
            to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not
            track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. We collect this
            information in order to determine how to create the best experience for our customers. We may track search
            terms entered in our Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users, but this tracking
            is never associated with an individual user. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser.
We collect personal data during the installation procedure of the Applications and your setting
            up/configuration of your profile with LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID. We subsequently process (technical)
            information about your sense of hearing by our hearing test, that is required to optimize personal hearing
            loss compensation, inorder to provide you with the Service. The results of your audiometry are stored on
            your phone and we do not have access to it.
If your communication requests a response from us, we may send you a response via e-mail. The e-mail response
            or confirmation may include your personal information, including your name, address, etc. We cannot
            guarantee that our e-mails to you will be secure from unauthorized interception.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google
            uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google
            services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
            network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
            https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Providing information to third parties
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy
            statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or
                the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the
                information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy
                statement;
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section
                below.
Access and correction of information
You may contact us if you wish to view, edit, or delete your personal information from our database, and we
            will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate your request. You may also contact us if you believe
            that any inaccurate or inappropriate information has been obtained or provided to others through your use of
            this Website.
Links to other sites and services
The LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID Websites may contain links to other sites that are not under our control.
            These Websites have their own policies regarding privacy. You should review those policies when visiting the
            Websites. LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID has no responsibility for linked websites and is not responsible for
            the content of any such site. LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID provides these links solely for the convenience
            and information of our visitors.
Security
LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and
            password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as
            necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
            Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our
            best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information
            transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
Full agreement
The Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and LISTENING
            DEVICE, HEARING AID with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings,
            agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website and
            application.
Policy amendment
LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID approaches Internet communications with a strong commitment to individual
            privacy rights and concerns. As the Internet evolves, our policy will continue to change and develop. We
            therefore reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time with or without prior notice. Please
            check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the sites following any changes to this
            Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Collection of personal data from children
To the extent Prtralex is able to determine the age of users by their submissions to or communications with
            LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID Website, LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID will not knowingly (i) collect or post
            information from individuals under the age of 13 ("children") without their parent's or guardian's consent,
            or (ii) provide any personally identifying information collected from children, regardless of its source, to
            any third party for any purpose whatsoever. No information collected through LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID
            website from users self-identified as children will knowingly be used for any marketing or promotional
            purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside LISTENING DEVICE, HEARING AID.
Shelf life of personal data
We keep your personal data for as long as we provide the Services to you.
Contacts
If you have questions about the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy or your experience with any of our sites, please
            contact us.