Terms & Conditions
These Terms are a legal agreement between you and FIOGONIA LIMITED (referred to as us/we/our in these Terms). The Terms set out how you may use the website
www.fiogonia.com
("Website"), our apps or any games, products, forums and services we offer through our apps or otherwise on any platform (all collectively referred to in these Terms as our "Services"). Please read these Terms carefully.
FIOGONIA General Terms & Conditions
Who is FIOGONIA?
FIOGONIA LIMITED is a company registered in Cyprus with its office located at X2 Building 1st Floor, Limassol, 3037. Our contact details are set out in "
How can I contact you?
" below.
Why should you read these Terms?
You should read these Terms because they contain our legal commitments to you and a number of DOs and DON'Ts which you need to be aware of when you use our Services. Please read these Terms carefully to make sure you understand them. By using our Services, you agree to accept and be legally bound by these Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, you should not access or use our Services.
You should also read our
Privacy Policy
. The Privacy Policy explains how we use your personal data
If you wish to buy any virtual currency or items in our Services, you should read our
FIOGONIA Virtual Items Terms and Conditions
.
If you wish to buy any recurring subscriptions in our Services ("Subscriptions"), you should read our
Subscription Terms and Conditions
.
Can FIOGONIA change these Terms?
We can update and change these Terms from time to time and the most current version of these Terms will be posted onto the Website and relevant apps and you may be invited to review and accept the revised Terms in order to continue using the Services. You can print and save a copy of these Terms for your future reference.
What am I not allowed to do when using the Services?
You agree to follow the following
rules
("the Rules").
You agree that you will not
post, distribute, or otherwise make available or transmit any data, text, message, graphic or computer file that we believe:
is a personal attack on other individuals;
bullies, stalks or otherwise harasses any other user of our Services;
is vulgar, obscene, or sexually explicit (language or images);
is offensive, sexist, racist or discriminatory in any way;
is a form of cheating, including without limitation the use or participation (directly or indirectly) in the use of cheats, exploits, bots, hacks, mods or any unauthorised third-party software designed to modify the Services;
encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion of illegal activities with the intent to commit them;
infringes and/or violates any right of a third-party including but not limited to: (a) copyright, patent, trademark, or other proprietary rights; (b) right of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another person's personal information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity; (c) any confidentiality obligation;
contains a virus or other harmful component, or otherwise tampers with, impairs or damages our Services or otherwise interferes with any person or entity's use or enjoyment of the Services;
engages in antisocial, disruptive, or destructive acts, including "flaming," "spamming," "flooding," "trolling," and "griefing";
promotes and/or generates money for yourself and/or any third-party business activity;
impersonates any person or entity or misrepresents your identity or affiliation with any person or entity;
deletes any legal notices, disclaimers, or proprietary notices such as copyright or trademarks, or modify any logos that you do not own or have express permission to modify; or
does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of the Services.
Furthermore, we strictly
do not
allow the making of threats or the use of any abusive, vulgar, profane or hateful language towards FIOGONIA's members of staff. Where we believe you have violated these terms, in addition to any other rights and remedies we have, we may terminate your customer support ticket(s). In some serious cases, where appropriate, we will also forward any such communications to relevant law enforcement bodies.
You may be warned, temporarily banned or permanently banned if we think that you have not followed the Rules or if we believe in our sole discretion that you have behaved inappropriately whilst using our Services. In addition, in such circumstances, FIOGONIA is entitled to remove any Virtual Items (including, without limitation, any Coins) from your account. You shall not be entitled to any refund or compensation for any removal of Virtual items.
If you believe that another user is violating these Rules, please email us at contact@fiogonia.com. However, we cannot and do not guarantee that other users are or will be complying with these Rules, and we will not be responsible for any other user's lack of compliance. You and other users are responsible for your own actions.
We reserve the right to remove, or refuse to post, any material that we believe is in violation of these Rules and, if we deem appropriate, to turn this material over to law enforcement officials. We also reserve the right to comply with any order or otherwise cooperate with law enforcement officials regarding the identification of any user alleged to be using our Services in violation of the law.
Who owns the content made available through the Services?
All of the content and information contained in the Services (including the games) are owned or licensed by us and are protected by intellectual property rights. Examples include, but are not limited to: source and object code, trademarks, logos, graphics, photographs, videos, animations, copyrightable gameplay and texts. In particular, any names, title, logos and designs that contain FIOGONIA are exclusively owned by us.
You are not allowed to use the Services or any of the content or information they contain, or may contain, in any way unless expressly allowed under these Terms or expressly permitted by us. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or modify any Services in any way.
Social media channels
While FIOGONIA does not object to players using their gameplay footage for non-commercial uses in good faith, FIOGONIA fully reserves all of its intellectual property rights in all the materials and gameplay footage and to take down our materials and gameplay footage at any time. Please note that non-commercial uses include, but are not limited to, using FIOGONIA materials and gameplay footage to promote a product for sale and players should not seek to publish advertisement or otherwise earn money, in any currency, on the back of FIOGONIA materials and products. Players must ensure that they do not associate FIOGONIA materials or brand with any offensive, harmful or illegal content as per FIOGONIA's discretion. Monetisation of videos on any social media channel through its advertisement platform is generally acceptable, however be advised that FIOGONIA is entitled to change this policy at any time and any updates will be published in these Terms and Conditions.
What is FIOGONIA not responsible for?
We do not guarantee that the Services will always be available or be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from bugs, viruses, errors, cheats, hacks or omissions. For example, there may be times when the Services are unavailable due to maintenance or technical problems. We may also change, suspend or discontinue certain Services without giving you prior notice.
We will not be liable for third-party content that we host or display on the Website or Services such as third-party games or advertising.
We will not be liable for any loss, damage or upset that you suffer as a consequence of any Service becoming temporarily or permanently unavailable, or your experience being negatively impacted as a direct result of other players breaching the Rules.
We (and any third-party content provider, or their respective agent), are not responsible for the following types of loss or damage which may arise from your use of the Services:
temporary, intermittent or permanent connection loss;
damage to your computer system or loss of data (whether due to a virus or other malicious software or not), except where this is caused by us not using reasonable care and skill;
loss, damage or upset that you suffer as a consequence of the actions of another user;
loss or damage which is caused by us when it does not comply with the Terms but which we and you could not anticipate nor expect to happen when you started using the Services;
any loss which is indirect or a side effect of the main loss or damage and which we and you could not anticipate nor expect to happen when you started using the Services, for instance if you lose revenue or salary, profit, opportunity or reputation; and
any loss or damage if the Services are not provided to you or are interrupted or suspended or if we do not comply with the Terms because of events beyond our control, such as an act of God, accident, fire, lockout, strike or other official or unofficial labour dispute, civil commotion or other act or event beyond our reasonable control.
Nothing in the Terms excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, or for fraud.
All Services are provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis. We do not make any representation, guarantee or promise in respect of the Services, including, without limitation, any statements made by other users, third parties and/ or advertisers on or via the Services. We may change the Services at any time at our discretion. We may also make different features or promotions in our Services available to different users so your experience of using the Services may not be identical to other users.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that our Services are free from viruses and other malicious software but we also recommend you use applicable anti-virus software as relevant.
What happens if I buy or download a FIOGONIA game through an app store?
You will also be asked to agree to the relevant app store terms which will apply in addition to these Terms. We suggest that you read these app store terms carefully.
If you download a Service onto your smartphone or tablet, it may offer push notification features. You may accept or refuse these, and can subsequently turn these off by visiting the settings menu on your device.
If you purchase any content through one of our Services via an app, for example Virtual Items or Subscriptions, then the relevant app store provider's terms and conditions applicable to in-app purchases will apply. You acknowledge that any billing and transactions are handled by the app store provider. You should contact the app store provider directly if you have any payment related issues with in-app purchases.
Is FIOGONIA responsible for third-party websites or content?
On some pages you may see links to third-party websites, advertising or content provided by third parties. These links are provided by third parties and not by us. We do not endorse any third-party website or content which is linked from our Services. Subject to applicable law or regulation, we are not responsible or liable for anything that happens to you or your data when you visit these third-party websites or use third-party content. If you visit any third-party website, please be aware that it may have its own terms of use, licence agreement and privacy policy which you will need to be aware of.
Is FIOGONIA responsible for third-party advertising?
On some pages you may see advertising content provided by third parties. We do not control the advertisements that are placed via our Services. Please report any advert that you find offensive or inappropriate by the email contact@fiogonia.com and we will investigate the matter.
If you click on any advert, you will be dealing with external companies responsible for that advert. We are not responsible or liable for anything that happens to you when you visit these third-party websites or use third-party content. If you visit any third-party website, please be aware that it may have its own terms of use, licence agreement and privacy policy which you will need to be aware of.
What do I do if I think my work is available on any Services but I did not give permission to show it?
If you believe that your work is included in any Services and this is violating your intellectual property rights, please advise us immediately by the email contact@fiogonia.com and we will investigate the matter.
What happens if I am not happy with these Terms or the Services?
By using our Services, you agree to accept and be legally bound by these Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, you should not access or use our Services. We will do our best to resolve any disputes over these Terms. If you wish to take court proceedings against us you must do so within Cyprus.
If we are unable to resolve any disputes between us regarding the delivery of services you have the right to refer the dispute to the EU's Online Dispute Resolution platform at:
https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home.chooseLanguage
.
Are there any other legal terms I need to be aware of?
The Services are made available for personal and not commercial use. We do permit promotional references to our Services (for example reviews via social media and in blogs) but we do reserve the right to ask you to remove such content or refrain from further action.
You cannot assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any or all of your rights or obligations under these Terms to any other person.
If any part of these Terms is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be amended to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If that part cannot be amended, it will be deleted. The amendment or deletion of any part of these Terms shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of the Terms.
If we do not enforce any right we have against you, this does not prevent us from enforcing this right at a later date. A person who is not a party to these Terms does not have any rights under them.
These Terms supersede and take precedence over any other purported terms between you and us.
These Terms and our relationship with you are governed by Cypriot law.
How can I contact you?
For customer support or business queries, please email contact@fiogonia.com.
Do I have to be a certain age to use the Services?
The Services are not directed at children. For some Services you may need to register and should be at least 16 or over to do so.
If you help someone who is under 16 to register for or otherwise use any Services you assume full liability for any consequences and that, under no circumstances including, but not limited to, negligence, neither we nor any third-party content provider nor their respective agents shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of such use.
FIOGONIA Virtual Items Terms and Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions ("Virtual Items Terms") carefully before purchasing any virtual items, benefits, upgrades, unlockables, cosmetics, skins, gameplay features or coins, cash, tokens or other in-game currency ("Coins"), in each case, available through or otherwise in relation to our Services (together "Virtual Items"). By directly or indirectly (such as through Subscriptions) purchasing any Virtual Items, you agree to be bound by these Virtual Items Terms and the Terms. These Virtual Items Terms are in addition to the Terms and if there is a conflict between the Virtual Items Terms and the Terms, the Virtual Items Terms shall apply.
When do these Virtual Items Terms apply?
These Virtual Items Terms cover your purchase and use of Virtual Items. Please be aware that a number of our Services have more than one type of in-game currency. If this is the case, there will be different items which can be purchased with each type of in-game currency, and each may be acquired in different ways.
Coins and items can only be used in line with these Virtual Items Terms and within the game account in which they are purchased or otherwise acquired. You acknowledge that certain additional in-game functionality may only be accessible in exchange for Coins.
These Virtual Items Terms also apply if you win or are given any Virtual Items because you have participated in a gameplay feature, competition, survey or marketing campaign.
Where can I buy Virtual Items?
Some of our games let you buy Virtual Items. You can recognise these games because they have an option to purchase Virtual Items, either in an in-game shop or, in the case of Coins, usually at the top of the specific game playing window. Games may allow you to buy different amounts of Virtual Items and may have temporary offers or sales for Virtual Item purchases.
Please note that when purchasing Virtual Items through one of our games, which you have downloaded from an app store, there may be additional terms and conditions which apply. You may be asked to agree to the app store provider's own terms and conditions, which will apply in addition to these Virtual Items Terms. We suggest you read app store terms carefully and follow the process provided by the relevant app store.
We do not permit third parties to give or sell Coins and other Virtual Items outside of our games. Accordingly, as a condition to playing our games, you agree not to receive, purchase and/or use Coins or Virtual Items from such third parties. Any unauthorised Coins or Virtual Items that you purchase are subject to forfeiture at any time.
I am ready to buy Virtual Items – what do I need to do?
You can buy Virtual Items from us for real money if you are 18 years of age or older or, if you are under 18, have the permission of a parent or guardian. We may ask you to provide the details of your parent or guardian from time to time.
If you want to buy any Virtual Items, please follow the steps set out in the game which you have downloaded. If you experience any difficulties when purchasing Virtual Items, you can contact us by the email contact@fiogonia.com.
Please note the following:
You may be presented with multiple Virtual Items bundles, with different virtual currency options if applicable, and with different prices and amounts of Virtual Items to choose from. Please select the bundle that you wish to purchase, review this selection and, if you are happy, please proceed to check out. Your payment will be processed through the applicable app store and additional app store terms and conditions may apply.
The price of Virtual Items is as stated at the time you place your order, except in the case of obvious error. We try and ensure that all prices stated are accurate but errors may occur. The price includes value added tax (where applicable).
We are entitled to change the purchase price for Virtual Items at any time, before you purchase the Virtual Items. At the time of purchase of Virtual Items, you may be offered additional Virtual Items free of charge. These Virtual Items Terms cover such additional Virtual Items offered free of charge. Subject to applicable law and regulation, the price of Virtual Items may vary between users depending on a number of factors including differing exchange rates, territories and legal limitations.
We are not responsible for your card issuer or bank charging you as a result of the processing of your credit/debit card payment in accordance with your order. Before placing and submitting an order for Virtual Items, you will be provided with details of the terms and conditions of our third-party payment provider. You will need to read and accept these terms and conditions before purchasing the Virtual Items through our third-party payment provider.
Please check the accuracy of the payment information that you have provided and correct any mistakes. When you are ready, please click to submit your order. By doing so you: (i) agree to be bound by the Terms and these Virtual Items Terms; (ii) agree to pay for the Virtual Items at the indicated price, and you (iii) confirm that you are permitted to use the payment source that you have provided; and (iv) you authorise our designated payment processor to charge the full amount to the payment source you have identified for the transaction.
Once you have placed your order, you will receive a confirmation on screen.
All purchased or allocated Virtual Items will be assigned to the account that is linked with the payment provider through which the purchase or allocation is made. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are logged in to the correct account when making a purchase.
FIOGONIA does not process payments. The app store itself (such as Apple or Google Play Store) handles payments. If you have any issues or problems with payment for a Virtual Item, you should therefore contact the app store directly
.
Can I transfer Virtual Items between apps?
No. If you purchase Virtual Items through one app, they will not appear in other apps you may have from us.
How do I use my Virtual Items?
You can spend your Coins in order to acquire other Virtual Items within the game within which you purchased the Coins. When you use Coins to acquire another Virtual Item within a game, the relevant amount of Coins will automatically be deducted from your account that is connected with that game.
Other than Coins, the nature and duration of any Virtual Items will vary between and within our games. Some Virtual Items may only be used a limited number of times or only whilst you satisfy certain conditions within the relevant game.
We can at any time, without notifying you, vary the scope, variety and type of Virtual Items. FIOGONIA has no obligation to make, or continue to make, any specific Virtual Item for any game. We may also restrict or vary the type of Virtual Items available to you based on your country of residence.
What am I not allowed to do with my Virtual Items?
By buying Virtual Items, you agree not to:
transfer Virtual Items between accounts or between you and any other person, except for any FIOGONIA authorized and enabled transfers between games;
transfer or attempt to transfer Virtual Items between two or more accounts in any way; or
What legal terms do I need to be aware of when I am purchasing Virtual Items?
When you buy Virtual Items, you are buying a limited personal revocable licence to use the Virtual Items. You agree that the Virtual Items do not constitute personal property and Coins are not legal tender or currency of any kind.
All Virtual Items purchased by you are non-refundable
. No interest is paid or earned on any Coins balance.
FIOGONIA is entitled to expire, withdraw, replace, restrict or otherwise change any Virtual Item at any time.
You have certain rights in respect of the Virtual Items. These include that we have the right to supply the Virtual Items to you and that the Virtual Items will be of satisfactory quality and as described.
You have certain legal remedies if we breach any of these rights. Nothing in these Virtual Items Terms is intended to affect these legal rights or other rights to which you may also be entitled.
If we are unable to resolve any disputes between us about your purchase of the Virtual Items or these Virtual Items Terms, you have the right to refer the dispute to the EU's Online Dispute Resolution platform at
https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home.chooseLanguage
.
Can I cancel my order once I have bought my Virtual Items?
By purchasing Virtual Items from us, you agree that we can transfer them to your account as soon as we can. By agreeing to these terms, each time you click to confirm a purchase, you acknowledge that you expressly consent to the supply of the Virtual Items immediately and acknowledge that you will lose your right to change your mind and cancel such order within the 14-day cooling-off period otherwise provided by law.
What do I do if I have not received my Virtual Items?
It is possible that you have successfully ordered and paid for your Coins, but you may not have received them. Please remember that during busy periods, it can take up to 48 hours before your Virtual Items are assigned to your account. If you are still having issues receiving your Virtual Items and you have not received them after a short period of time, please let us know by contacting us by the Contact Us section of the app.
What should I do if someone has made an unauthorised purchase on my account?
You are responsible for the security of your account and ensuring that no unauthorised purchases occur on your account. FIOGONIA is not liable for any unauthorised purchases (including fraudulent purchases or purchases made by minors). If you wish to pursue a refund for such purchases, you should contact your bank or the payment provider for the relevant app store.
What is FIOGONIA not responsible for?
We are not responsible for the following types of loss or damage which may arise (and have no obligation to refund for any purchase of Virtual Items):
damage or loss not caused by our breach of the Virtual Items Terms;
unauthorised purchases made by persons who have gained access to your account (including, without limitation, minors or unauthorised third parties);
loss of progress or Virtual Items on your account which you can no longer access;
loss of progress or Virtual Items caused by uninstalling the game on your devices;
loss of progress or Virtual Items due to disconnecting your game account from a social media account (such as Google or Facebook);
loss or liability incurred by you as a result of accidentally entering a match or purchasing a Virtual Item through misclick or other mistake;
loss of progress or Virtual Items as a result of our decision to terminate a game or remove certain features or supporting services from a game;
loss or damage which is caused by us when such use does not comply with the Virtual Items Terms but which we and you could not anticipate nor expect to happen when you started using the Virtual Items;
any loss which is indirect or a side effect of the main loss or damage and which we and you could not anticipate nor expect to happen when you started using the Virtual Items, for instance if you lose revenue or salary, profit, opportunity or reputation; and
any loss or damage if the Virtual Items are not provided to you are interrupted or suspended or if we do not comply with the Virtual Items Terms because of events beyond our control, such as an act of God, accident, fire, lockout, strike or other official or unofficial labour dispute, civil commotion or other act or event beyond our reasonable control.
FIOGONIA Subscription Terms and Conditions
When do these Subscription Terms and Conditions apply?
Some of our Services provide you with the opportunity to purchase a Subscription for access to fixed or dynamic content, premium content and/or Virtual Items on an ongoing basis. Subscriptions may be available at different fees and for different periods of time (the "Subscription Period") as specified in the Services at the point of purchase. These Subscription Terms and Conditions apply to all such purchases of Subscriptions.
What legal terms do I need to be aware of for Subscriptions?
Subscriptions are automatic regular payments that continue for the Subscription Period until cancelled.
Subscription fees are charged automatically on or before the beginning of each Subscription Period. Apple's App Store, Google's Google Play or Amazon platform may place a temporary "authorisation hold" or "pending charge" on your payment card before any payment is due (including during a free trial period). Please see the section below "Why has my payment card been charged before payment is due?" for further details.
A Subscription is automatically renewed at the end of each Subscription Period unless you cancel it at least 24 hours before the expiry of the current Subscription Period
. If you do not cancel the Subscription at least 24 hours before the expiry of the current Subscription Period, the Subscription fees for the next Subscription Period will be taken during the 24 hours before the expiry of the current Subscription Period.
If a Subscription fee cannot be taken due to the absence of monetary funds, invalidity of credit card or for any other reasons, the Subscription will not automatically end. The Subscription will automatically restart as soon as valid payment details are provided. Cancellation of a Subscription can only be done at your manual request. Please see the section below "How can I cancel a Subscription" for further details.
What is a trial period?
Some of our Subscriptions offer a trial period which is free of charge for a certain period of time that is specified in the Services. At the end of such trial period, the Subscription will automatically convert into a paid Subscription for the fees and for the Subscription Period set out in the Services at the time of activation of the trial period. If you do not cancel the Subscription within the trial period therefore, the first Subscription fee will be immediately and automatically charged when the trial period expires.
Please note that any paid Subscription begins immediately from the activation of such paid Subscription and not after the expiry of any trial period. Any unused trial period will therefore be forfeited if a Subscription is activated prior to the expiry of such trial period.
Each trial period offer may only be used once on an account.
Can I cancel my order once I have bought a Subscription?
You cannot cancel your Subscription for the current Subscription Period as that is activated as soon as you purchase a Subscription. However, you may cancel your Subscription for the next Subscription Period following the steps set out below.
How can I cancel a Subscription?
You can manage and cancel your subscriptions at any time in the Account Settings of your device. For iOS subscriptions, please see Apple's support page (
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/ht202039
). For Google Play subscriptions, please see Google Play's support page (
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7018481?hl=en&co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid
). For Amazon subscriptions, please see Amazon's support page (
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201357590
).
What happens when my Subscription ends?
You will immediately stop receiving any benefits such as "VIP access" that your Subscription provided including any regular free Virtual Items. You will also lose access to any Virtual Items that is only available for Subscribers.
Are Subscription fees refundable?
No. Except where required by law or at our sole discretion, paid Subscription fees are non-refundable.
Can Subscription fees change?
We may modify the Subscription fee at our sole discretion and at any time. Any Subscription Fee change will become effective at the end of the current Subscription period. You will be provided reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fee. If you disagree with the change in Subscription fee, you may cancel your Subscription for the next Subscription Period following the steps set out in the section "How can I cancel a Subscription?".
Can Subscription content change?
Yes, we may modify the rewards and perks of each Subscription in our Services at our sole discretion.
Why do I still see advertising when I purchase a "remove ads" Subscription?
We use different types of advertising in our Services. When you purchase a Subscription that states that advertising is removed from a particular Service, it will not remove advertising that you choose to display. This includes rewarded video advertising which is only shown when you select the option to display it.
Why has my payment card been charged before payment is due?
All payment, billing and transaction processes are handled by the relevant third-party distributor or platform such as Apple's App Store or Google's Google Play. However, we understand that these platforms may place a temporary "authorisation hold" or "pending charge" on your payment card before any payment is due (including during a free trial period). This is an action outside of FIOGONIA's control for the purposes of preventing credit card fraud but we understand no payment is actually taken from you until the 24 period prior to the commencement of a paid subscription period.
I have an issue with my Subscription. Who do I contact?
All payment, billing and transaction processes are handled by the platform such as Apple's App Store, Google's Google Play or Amazon. If you have any payment related issues, then you need to contact such distributors directly. For any other issues, please contact us by the email contact@fiogonia.com.
These terms were last updated on 12 September 2022
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://fiogonia.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
Overview
About us and how to contact us
FIOGONIA provides mobile and online games and will process your personal information when you play our Games.  If you have any questions about our data practices, your rights or have any concerns or complaints, you can contact us at privacy@fiogonia.com, or send a letter to the address provided in the Policy.
Personal information we collect
We collect personal information about your use of the Game, including game play and log data. We also receive information from other third parties, such as transaction information.
How we use your personal information
We use your information to provide you with, support and analyse your use of, and improve, the Game. We will also use your information to respond to your questions. If you consent, we will send you push notifications and show you ads in our Game that may be of interest to you.  You can choose to stop receiving these at any time, by opting out or changing your browser or device settings.
Who we share your personal information with
We rely on third parties for the purposes set out in the Policy, such as the provision of game servers and game analytics. We also work with certain advertising partners to show you ads. Additionally, we share some of your information with other entities of our group, and as required by law.
Where we process your personal information
We are located in Cyprus. Some of our providers and servers are located outside of the EEA, such as the United States.
Your rights
You may have rights to access, receive a copy of, or delete, your information or restrict processing of your Information, and you also have the right to object to our use of your information for certain purposes, including tailored marketing and advertising. You can exercise some of these rights through the Game.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If there are any significant changes to this Policy, we will notify you through the Game.
Introduction
This privacy policy (“
Policy
”) informs you of your choices and our practices in relation to your Information (as defined below). In this Policy, “
FIOGONIA
”, “
Fiogonia Games
”, “
we
” or “
us
” refers to FIOGONIA LIMITED, a company registered in Cyprus with its office located at X2 Building 1st Floor, Limassol, 3037. We are the data controller under the applicable privacy laws.
For the purpose of this Policy, “
Information
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.  This includes Information relating to your use of our mobile and online games (the “
Game
”), and any information you may additionally provide to us, e.g. when reaching out to us with a question. When you use the Game, you accept our rules and policies which set out how we handle your Information, and you understand we collect, process, use and store your Information as described in this Policy.
If you do not agree with this Policy, you must not play the Game. If you change your mind in the future, you must stop playing the Game and you may exercise your rights in relation to your Information as set out in this Policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We will collect and use the following Information about you:
Information you provide to us:
Information collected via our customer support channels:
For example, when you contact us by email, we will receive information you provide to us such as (a) your full name and, and (b) any information you choose to provide to allow us to assist you.
Information we automatically collect or is generated about you when you play the Game:
Identifiers:
Such as your IP address, device and app ID, unique Game ID and device information (such as model, brand and operating system).
Information regarding your use of the Games:
Such as date and time stamps of game events, interactions with our teams and ad engagement, and transaction records, or evidence of you using cheating software or using of modified versions of the Games.
Information received from third parties:
Information from payment processors:
When you make payments in our Game, we receive information from our payment processors about your transactions, including your Apple ID number for Apple, your postcode and state for Google.
Analytics information:
We integrate analytics software from Google, and Unity Technologies (a US and Finnish company), third party analytics providers. They provide reports that help us optimise our in-game features and events to each user of our Game, which include your user ID and information on your in-game activity.
Information collected from advertising partners:
We receive information from Unity Technologies. This includes user ID and information on your interactions with advertising shown in on our Games.
Information from mobile measurement partners:
We receive information from third parties to allow us to track performance of our marketing campaigns and to detect fraud in such campaigns. This includes advertising ID, IP address, location and transaction information.
Children
Our Games are not targeted at children. Where Children under 16 use our Games, we advise that they obtain the permission of a parent or guardian, and we recommend that parents or guardians clear their browser cache of cookies and take all other steps highlighted in this policy to minimise the data collected. In some of our Games, you will have reduced functionality if you are under 16 and are based in the EEA.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your Information to:
Provide you with the Game:
In particular, we will use your Information to perform our contractual obligation towards you to allow you to create an account, play the Game and remember your progress, allowing you to play the Game with others and to allow you to make purchases via Google Play or IOS App Store and maintain a record of such purchases. The Information we process when doing so includes your registration information, information you provide to us when playing the Game, identifiers, information you generate and display when playing the Game, and information regarding your use of the Game such as transaction records.
Improve and monitor Game use:
It is in our legitimate interests to improve our Games for our customers. When doing so, we may collect information we automatically collect or is generated about you when you play the Games, as well as non-personal information about your device such as battery, Wi-Fi strength, device manufacturer, model and operating system, and the amount of free space on your device.
Provide you with support and to respond to your requests or complaints:
If you reach out to us for support, we will use your Information to create a support account for you, respond and resolve your queries and complaints, facilitate support (e.g. retrieval of a forgotten password). When doing so, we perform our contractual obligation towards you. The Information we process when doing so includes your registration information, your identifiers, non-personal information about your device such as your Wi-Fi strength and the amount of free space on your device, and any other information about you collected via our customer support channels.
Conduct analytics:
It is in our legitimate interests to analyse the use of and inform, our Games, newsletters and advertising campaigns, and any other interaction or interest in the same. When doing so we will process information we automatically collect or is generated about you when you play the Games or interact with our newsletters and advertising campaigns to (a) create anonymised and aggregated data; (b) create segments of users who show particular characteristics or interests; and (c) conduct predictive analytics about your interests.
Send you updates about in-Game offers and our other products and services that may be of interest to you:
We will send you promotional offers, and information about other products and services that may be of interest to you. Where it is required, we will only do so where we have your consent. We do so via email, push notification or in Game. When doing so, we process your registration information and the analytics information above. Your consent can be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of each communication for emails or by adjusting your device settings for push notifications.
Provide you with advertising:
We will present you with ads and suggestions in our Game and elsewhere. These may be ads relating to our own games or other services you may be interested in. Depending on your consent, or device settings, these ads and suggestions may be tailored. If you no longer want to receive targeted advertising in the Game you can opt-out in the Game. To stop receiving ads about our products and services elsewhere you can change your device settings. To tailor ads and to allow our advertising partners to tailor ads, we process information we automatically collect or is generated about you when you play the Game and information received from third parties.
Prevent fraud, defend FIOGONIA against legal claims or disputes, enforce our terms and to comply with our legal obligations:
It is in our legitimate interests to protect our users against online abuse and other anti-social or illegal activity. Furthermore, it is also in our legitimate interest to protect our interests by (1) monitoring Game use to detect fraud or any other user behaviour which prejudices the integrity of our Games, (2) taking steps to remedy aforementioned fraud and behaviour, (3) defending ourselves against legal claims or disputes, and (4) enforcing our terms and policies. When doing so, we will process the Information relevant in such a case, including information you provide us, information we automatically collect about you, and information which is provided to us by third parties.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH
We share your Information with selected third parties, including:
Vendors and service providers we rely on for the provision of the Games,
for example:
Cloud service providers who rely on for data storage
, including Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud that are based in the U.S.
Customer support solution providers
, who help us manage and respond to our customer questions and complaints. This includes Zendesk Inc., who are based in the U.S. and who host our customer support function.
Analytics providers
, we work with a number of analytics, segmentation and mobile measurement service providers who help us understand our userbase. This includes Appsflyer Ltd, who are based in US.
User acquisition
, we work with a variety of user acquisition partners to help us report on the success of our marketing campaigns. We may use some of your personal information to participate in Custom Audience and Lookalike Audience programmes, which enable us to display adverts to both existing and prospective supporters when they visit one of our partners’ websites. We may provide an identifier (i.e. your Advertising ID or Facebook ID) to them so they can determine whether you are a registered account holder with them. Our adverts may then appear when you access their websites. See our list of partners.
Advertising partners
. We are an ad-supported service. Subject to your settings, we provide certain Information to advertisers who will use them to serve you with ads in our Games, and we measure who sees and clicks on their ads. We also share advertising identifiers, along with the interests or other characteristics of a device or the person using it, to help partners decide whether to serve an ad to that device or to enable them to conduct marketing, brand analysis, personalise advertising, or similar activities.
Payment processors
. We use our platforms as payment processors, i.e. Google (if you run Android on your mobile device), and Apple App Store payments (if you run IOS on your mobile device). These payment processors are responsible for the processing of your Information, and may use your Information for their own purposes in accordance with their privacy policies.
Law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other judicial bodies and organisations
. We disclose Information if we are legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to comply with a legal obligation, process or request; enforce our terms of service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof; detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection).
Third Party Privacy Practices
If you access the Game through a third-party platform such as Facebook (“
Third Party Services
”), you must understand that those Third Party Services may collect other information about you (including information you share with them directly or about your use of the Game) in accordance with their own terms and privacy policies.  The privacy practices described in this Policy do not apply to Third Party Services. Any links in the Game to Third Party Services do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party Services.
Security
Although we have in place security measures to maintain the privacy and integrity of your Information, unfortunately, the transmission of Information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your Information, we cannot guarantee the security of the Information transmitted to us through the Game or otherwise. Any transmission of your Information is at your own risk. We may also take extra steps to protect your Information and minimise the Information we process.
WHERE WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your Information will be processed by our employees and service providers in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom. Because countries outside of the EEA may have different data protection laws, we take steps to ensure that where your Information is transferred outside of the EEA, such transfers are protected by adequate safeguards, including the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, and the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield scheme for transfers from the EEA and the UK to the U.S.
HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
Your Information is kept for as long as you are registered and using our Game, and then for up to three years from the date you stop interacting with the Game. Some information we collect will be stored for longer where we have an overriding legitimate interest to retain such information (for example, information on suspicious behaviour of certain users of our Game, about users which are banned from using the Game, and transaction records).
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are based in the EEA, Switzerland or are a legal resident of California in the U.S., you have certain rights in relation to your Information. For EEA and Switzerland based, you will find more information below on when which rights can apply.
To exercise your rights, please follow the procedure set out below or email us at privacy@fiogonia.com.
Access
. You have the right to access Information, and to receive an explanation of how we use it and who we share it with. This right is not absolute. For example, we cannot reveal trade secrets, or give you Information about other individuals. You can exercise this right by emailing us at privacy@fiogonia.com with details of what Information you would like access to.
Erasure
. If you would like us to erase your Information, you can do so by contacting us at privacy@fiogonia.com. We may need to retain some of your Information where there are valid grounds for us to do so under data protection laws. For example, for the defence of legal claims, respect freedom of expression, or where we have an overriding legitimate interest to do so, but we will let you know when this is the case. Note that where the Information is held by a third party data controller, such as an advertising partner or a payment processor, we will use reasonable steps to inform them of your request, but we recommend you contact them directly in accordance with their own privacy policies to ensure your personal data is erased.
Objection and withdrawal of consent
. You may have the right to (i) withdraw your consent where you previously provided such consent; or (ii) object to our processing of your Information where we process such Information on the basis of our legitimate interests (see above under
How we use your Information
).  You may exercise this right as follows:
To stop receiving targeted advertising:
withdraw your consent through the Game Settings.
To stop receiving push notifications:
please change your device or browser settings.
Portability
. You have the right to receive a copy of Information we process on the basis of consent or contract in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or to request that such Information is transferred to a third party.
Correction
. You have the right to correct any Information held about you that is inaccurate.
Restriction
. You have a right in certain circumstances to stop us processing Information other than for storage purposes.
CONTACT & COMPLAINTS
We welcome questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy. These should be addressed to privacy@fiogonia.com. You can also send a letter to Data Protection at FIOGONIA LIMITED, X2 Building 1st Floor, Limassol, 3037 Cyprus.
If you wish to make a complaint about how we process your Information, please contact us at privacy@fiogonia.com and we will endeavour to deal with your complaint as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with a data protection authority.
CHANGES
Any updates or changes to this Policy will be published here. If there are any significant changes, we will notify you through the website or in-Game.
ADVERTISING AND USER ACQUISITION PARTNERS
We use the following user acquisition and advertising partners, that are integrated into some or all the Games. Please check the following privacy policies to learn more about their privacy practices, including how you may exercise your data subject rights.
This list was last updated on 07 September 2022.
AdColony
:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AdMob (Google)
:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Amazon
:
https://aps.amazon.com/aps/privacy-policy/
Applovin
:
ttps://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Appsfyer
:
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Chartboost
:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Facebook
:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Fyber
:
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Index Exchange
:
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
InMobi
:
https://inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Instagram
:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
ironSource
:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Loopme
:
https://loopme.com/privacy/
OpenX
:
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Pubmatic
:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Smaato
:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Snapchat
:
https://snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy
Startapp
:
https://www.startapp.com/policy/privacy-policy/
Rubicon Project
:
https://rubiconproject.com/privacy/
Tapjoy
:
ttps://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
Unity Ads
:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-polic
Vungle
:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Frameplay
:
https://www.frameplay.gg/terms#Policy
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The terms of this Addendum apply to residents of California under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (California Civil Code §§ 1798.100 to 1798.199) and its implementing regulations, as amended or superseded from time to time (“CCPA”). For the purposes of this addendum, Personal Information means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, or as otherwise defined by the CCPA. Personal Information does not include information that is: lawfully made available from government records, deidentified or aggregated, or otherwise excluded from the scope of the CCPA.
Collection and Disclosure of Personal Information
Over the past 12 months, through your use of the Games, we may have collected and disclosed the following categories of Personal Information from or about you:
Identifiers, including name, email address, IP address, device identifiers and advertising ID. This information is collected directly from you or your device. If you have registered through a third party account (Apple, Facebook, or Google), we may have also collected from those third party services your third party ID, name, and avatar.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including your use of in-game features and events and information on your in-game activity, and information on your interactions with advertising shown in on our Games. This information is collected from our selected third party analytics providers and advertising partners.
Geolocation data, including city level location data. This information is collected directly from you or your device and from third party services when you register through them.
Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, your Apple ID number for Apple, your postcode and state for Google and user ID. This information is collected directly from you or your device, and from our payment processors.
In the preceding twelve months, we have collected Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
You/Your Devices directly.
Advertising Networks and other advertising partners.
Analytics Providers.
Social Networks, to the extent this applies to you and within the limits of your permission.
We collect personal information for the following purposes:
To operate and administer the Games;
To improve the Games;
To communicate with you;
To serve advertising;
For security and verification purposes, including to prevent and detect fraudulent activity;
To address and remediate technical issues and bugs.
For additional information about what each type of personal information is used for, see “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” in the main portion of the Privacy Policy.
We may disclose personal information to the following types of entities:
Our affiliate companies within our corporate group who process personal information in order to operate the Games;
Marketing and advertising partners who use your information to serve you ads in the Games and on other sites;
Other companies that provide services on our behalf who are prohibited by contract from retaining, using, or disclosing personal information for any purpose other than for providing the services to us;
Regulators, judicial authorities and law enforcement agencies;
Entities that acquire all or substantially all of our business.
For additional information about how we disclose personal information is used for, see “
Who we share Your Personal Information With
” in the main portion of the Privacy Policy.
SALES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION / NOTICE OF RIGHT TO OPT-OUT
Over the past 12 months, we have used third party advertising and other tracking technologies on our Games to collect information about you, your device(s), and your use of our Games. We share that information with selected third parties such as advertising partners who use it to target advertisements to you online.
You can opt-out and exercise control over the use of these technologies at any time by using the in-app settings.
Rights under the CCPA
The CCPA provides California residents with certain legal rights; these rights are not absolute and are subject to certain exemptions. If you are a California resident, and the CCPA does not recognize an exemption that applies to you or your personal information, you have the right to:
Submit a verifiable request for the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of Personal Information about you that we collected, sold, or disclosed;
the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected;
the purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information about you;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed Personal Information about you and the categories of Personal Information that was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the Personal Information about you; and
the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
Submit a verifiable request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you; and
Be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights, including providing a different level or quality of services or deny goods or services to you when you exercise your rights under the CCPA, subject to certain limitations.
We aim to fulfill all verified requests within 45 days pursuant to the CCPA. If necessary, extensions for an additional 45 days will be accompanied by an explanation for the delay.
How to Exercise Your Rights
You can exercise your rights of "do not sell my data" by opting out of Targeted Ads in the app settings or by emailing us at privacy@fiogonia.com
This privacy policy was last modified on 28 September 2022