Privacy Policy
PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
This policy is effective from May 24 2018 and aims to provide information on how Siopaella collects and processes your data.
The following privacy and cookies policy sets out how we use data relating to you and applies to all use of your personal information by Siopaella Limited a company registered in the Republic of Ireland, company number 494013 with its registered office at 30 Wicklow St, Dublin 2, Ireland (“we”, “us” or “our”). This privacy policy forms a part of and should be read in conjunction with  our Terms Service regarding the Use of our Website www.siopaella.com (the “Website
This privacy and cookies policy (together with the documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us through our Website, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. This policy does not apply to practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. We will only collect and process information about you in accordance with this privacy and cookies policy. By using the Website and/or submitting any personal information to us, you consent to such processing.
If you have any concerns over privacy, or this privacy and cookies policy contact us at
info@siopaella.com
ABOUT THE WEBSITE AND THIS PRIVACY/COOKIES POLICY
The Website allows users to browse, sell and purchase our products.
Our E-Commerce Terms and Conditions apply to purchases made through our Website and can be found https://www.siopaella.com/pages/terms-of-service.
DATA WE MAY COLLECT
2.1. We may ask you for, or you may submit, certain personal and non-personal information and data to us through the Website when you use the Website. This includes:
your name and address;
your order and payment information;
your username and password;
your e-mail address;your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address;
your device name (whether laptop, mobile phone, tablet and/or any other hardware);
instant messages you send to us through our online chat service;
any other content you submit to us via the Website (collectively, “Your Content”), such as comments and marketing preferences and other information concerning your use of the Website; and
Any other information, including personal information and data, from third parties and sources other than the Website, such as advertisers or social media networks for which you have approved our access to information.
2.2. We also automatically collect information about your use of our Website. This can include how a user has engaged with the Website. Such information is anonymous.
2.3. We may also collect and process your browsing and log data collected by Google advertising cookies and other technical means that we may employ to recognise your device when you visit the Site.
USES OF DATA
3.1. All information we hold will be kept securely in accordance with an internal security policy and may be used as follows:
Name, address, username and password:  to register and administer your user account;
payment, product and order details: to process your sales or orders, and configure your online store;
to enable sellers through our online store to process your orders and payments, and to send you products;
e-mail address: to contact you with news, to offer you additional services, or to provide you with updates to the Website and products that you have ordered and purchased through the Website;
instant messages: to respond to your feedback and queries;
phone number: to contact you about matters requiring your urgent attention, to verify your identity or to provide other services with your consent (such as text message notifications); and
Your Content: to process and make available Your Content on the Website and to market to you in accordance with your instructions.
3.2. Information submitted to us via the Website may also be used to:
enable our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
enable your use of the Website;
provide you with up to date, efficient and reliable services;
process and make available Your Content on the Website;
monitor the use of the Website; and
generally run and improve the Website.
3.3. Google Analytics and advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers may be used to conduct analytics on your visit to the Website, including by recording and analysing user behaviour, location, audience, demographic and interest data.  This information may be used in order to enable remarketing to you and may be shared with Google.
3.4. We might collect sensitive information about you but we will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
MANAGEMENT OF DATA
4.1. We will only use information collected about you in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
4.2. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is Siopaella Limited, a company registered the Republic of Ireland, company number 494013 with its registered office at 30 Wicklow St, Dublin 2, Ireland
4.3. By submitting your information you agree to our use of the data as described in this Privacy Policy. This includes transferring your data to, and storing it at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or our suppliers. These staff or suppliers may be engaged in the processing of your orders, payment details and the provision of support or marketing services.
4.4. If you believe we have information about you that you do not want us to have or that you think is incorrect, please contact us at
info@siopaella.com
and we shall correct or remove the data as you request as soon as and insofar as is reasonably practicable.
4.5. We use reasonable efforts to protect your personal data. However, the Internet is an insecure medium and any transmission of personal data to us via our Website is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
4.6. When you get in contact with us (for example by email or via instant message) we will keep records of what is communicated.  This is to ensure we have a record of our discussion for future reference and so we can improve the Website.
4.7. We may anonymise information about you (so that you cannot be identified from it by third parties) and provide that information to third parties for the purposes of marketing analysis or to market the Website.
COOKIES, BEACONS AND TRACKING
5.1. Our Website uses ‘cookies’ and similar technologies. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and mobile device by software that you install. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Cookies may also be stored in your internet browser by or on behalf of third parties, such as Google or providers of advertising services.
5.2. We use cookies/beacons in order to:
learn about how the Website is being used and which types of individuals are using it;
record which other websites and/or platforms have referred users to the Website;
optimise and improve the Website;
keep you logged into the Website;
make it easier for you to fill in forms via the Website and place orders;
enable the Website to remember your preferences; and
provide you with relevant advertising.
5.3. We use analytics to collect and store anonymous statistical data about our users’ use of the Website. Some of the cookies we use are essential for parts of the Website to operate and have already been set. You may delete and block all cookies, but parts of the Website may not work properly.
5.4. We may also collect information about your computer, mobile phone (or other portable or static device used to access the Website) and your visit to the Website, including where available your IP address, operating system, language, country, device name or unique identifier, screen name and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our partners and if necessary our advertisers.
5.5. We may use other technologies such as pixel tags, clear GIFs and web beacons on the Website.
5.6. For more information about cookies, please visit allaboutcookies.org.  If you do not wish for us to use cookies when you use the Website, please adjust your Internet browser settings to decline cookies (your computer’s help file should tell you how to do this).  If you choose to decline cookies, some parts of the Website may not work properly. By using the Website, you agree to our use of cookies as described above.
5.7. If you want to learn about how to opt out of Google’s use of cookies, please visit
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
or your Google Ads Settings
www.google.com/settings/ads
.
The Google Analytics terms of service can be accessed here:
www.google.co.uk/analytics/terms/us.html
.
5.8 We may provide features to share information with social media sites, or use social media sites to create your account or to connect your account with the respective social media site. Those social media sites may give Siopaella automatic access to certain personal information retained by them about you (e.g., content viewed by you, content liked by you and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on). Where this information is received by us, we will use this information to further personalise your experience.
MARKETING AND E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS
6.1. We might send you marketing emails about products or services which are similar to or related to those available via our Website, or contact you by email with information about updates to the Website. We will not send you any other marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give your consent or you have given it already.
6.2. We give you a choice of whether or not you want us or other companies to contact you about future offers, events, products and services you may be interested in.
6.3 We provide the option to unsubscribe in all of our email marketing communication.
DATA RETENTION & GDPR
7.1 We will only hold data about you for as long as necessary, bearing in mind the purpose for which that data was collected.
7.2 The General Data Protection Regulation provides for rights of access, modification and deletion of your personal information.
You can submit your rights servicing request by contacting us at
info@siopaella.com
GDPR provides you with the following rights:
The right of access:
Your right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data along with details regarding the nature of processing.
The right of rectification:
Your right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data.
The right of portability:
Your right to receive the personal data concerning provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
The right to be forgotten:
Your right to erase your personal data.
The right to restrict processing:
Your right for your data to be effectively ‘frozen’; stored and not further processed.
The right to object:
Your right to object to how your personal data is processed including your right to object to our profiling of you as outlined in this privacy policy.
GENERAL
8.1. If you follow a link from the Website to any third party websites, you should be aware that those websites may have their own privacy policies.  We do not accept any responsibility or liability for those websites.  Please check the policies of any third party websites before submitting any personal data to those websites.
8.2. We may make changes to this privacy and cookies policy in the future, which will be posted on this page.  You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes.  Where appropriate we may notify you of changes by email.
8.3. You may request deletion of your account by sending an e-mail to
info@siopaella.com
. Please note that some information may remain in our private records after deletion of your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your personal information after you delete your account but not in any manner that would identify you personally.
8.4. All questions, comments or enquiries should be directed to us.  We will try to respond to you within 48 hours.
CONTACT US
E-mail:
info@siopaella.com
Telephone: +353 558 1389 Post: 30 Wicklow St, Dublin 2, Ireland
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.siopaella.com/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Skip to content
Siopaella Designer Exchange
Authenticated Pre-loved Luxury
Up to
50% off RRP!
Shop Now
Location
EUR
EUR
GBP
USD
Privacy policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
----
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at steve@siopaella.com or mailing us at:
siopaelladesignerexchange
18 Upper Clanbrassil St Dublin  IE d8
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at steve@siopaella.com or by mail at
siopaelladesignerexchange
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
18 Upper Clanbrassil St Dublin  IE d8
----
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Opens in a new window.
Opens external website.
Opens external website in a new window.