Privacy Policy
Version Release Date: November 29, 2024
Overview
We understand how important it is to protect your personal information. And also, we extend our sincere gratitude to you for your trust. In this Privacy
Policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Policy”), we will explain how [NIIMBOT] collects, stores, protects, uses, and discloses your personal information, and will present details of your rights. Key points are as follows:
1.
To help you understand what kind of information we may collect when you use our services and for what purpose we will use such information, we will explain these case by case.
2.
We will collect your information on a legal, legitimate and need-to-know basis to offer you better products and services.
3.
In the case that we need to share your information with any third party to offer you better products and services, we will evaluate the legality, legitimacy and necessity
of such sharing, and request such third party to keep your information confidential and to strictly follow the relevant national
laws, regulations and requirements.
4.
In the case that we need to acquire your information from any third party to offer you better products and services, we will request such third party to clarify the source and ensure the legality of the information offered. We will obtain your explicit consent in the case that we need to process your personal information beyond the scope you authorize.
5.
You may access and manage your information, configure privacy
settings, close your account, make complaint, or report any violating behavior by the means stated herein.
You may read the relevant chapters by clicking the index below to learn more about the Policy.
I.
How we collect your information
II.
How we store and protect your information
III.
How we use your information
IV.
How we disclose your information
V.
How to access manage and delete your information
VI.
Statement on third-party responsibilities
VII.
How we protect the minor’s information
VIII.
Application and update of the Privacy Policy
IX.
Miscellaneous
Wuhan Jingchen Intelligent Identification Technology Co., Ltd. (registered address at F1, No. 5, Creative Workshop, Creative Capital, Hongshan Street, Hongshan District, Wuhan City, Hubei Province; Tel.: 400-8608800, hereinafter referred to as “We”) shows great respect to and proactively protects your privacy. We will collect, store, use and disclose your information in accordance with the Policy when you use our services. With the Policy, we will also explain the services we offer to help you access, update, manage and protect your information.
The Policy relates closely to your use of our services, so you are recommended to carefully read and understand any and all contents of the Policy to make informed decisions. We make all endeavors to present the contents in plain and concise words, and highlight the clauses and sensitive personal information that are dramatically
related to your rights and interests in bold to draw your attention. You will be deemed to have accepted
and recognized
all the contents of the Policy once you use our products or services.
We need to collect, store, use, and when necessary, disclose your information in strict accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, and for the purpose of offering you better products and services. You agree that we will process your information by the means agreed herein to offer you superior and convenient services, and to better protect your information.
I.
How
we collect your information
When you use our products or business functions (hereinafter referred to as the “Services”), we need to collect your information to offer you better services, protect your information, and comply with the relevant national laws and regulations.
1. Account registration and login
When you register for our products or services or use our services, you will need to use your phone number or email address as your account login name and set an account password. Based on this, we may collect your basic identity information and online identity information. Basic identity information includes device identification details (IMEI/MEID, IMSI, ICCID, Android ID, GAID, OAID, UAID, IDFA, AAID, IDFV, device MAC address, sensor list, accelerometer, and hardware serial number), phone number, mobile carrier details, or email address, as well as third-party account information such as WeChat and QQ openId. Online identity information includes your account name, account password, account nickname, profile picture, and any related credentials.
2. Use of products or services
As you need to connect a portable printer of specific model by Bluetooth via our software, and to input information to be printed for one-click printing, we may collect the following information:
(1) Information about your
operations:
When you use our services, we will collect information about your use of our services and save it as user operation logs. Such information includes but is not limited to texts printed, information edited, search records, history data about use of templates, information about orders and transactions, IP address, printer used, language, date and time when the services are accessed, operation records, as well as information obtained via cookies or other technologies. We collect such information to provide you with data storage, data recovery and other cloud services, to optimize our products and services, to discover and avoid security risks, and to offer you better experience.
(2) Information about device:
When you use our services, to enhance the user experience and address any obstacles or issues encountered during the use of our features, we may record information about your commonly used personal devices, as provided by your mobile device or other programs used to access our services. This information, collected during operation or in silent/background states, may include the hardware model of your phone or printer, OS type, OS version, and device identifiers (IMEI/MEID, IMSI, ICCID, Android ID, GAID, OAID, device MAC address, sensor list, accelerometer, and hardware serial number) to describe the basic status of your commonly used personal terminal devices.
(3) Information about terminal applications:
To offer better user experience, we will collect information about the relevant terminal applications when you use our services. For example, when you trigger the printing function, we will collect information about your printer and consumables to offer you the most suitable printing service. We will collect your information for specific service on a need-to-know basis, and use, store your information in strict accordance with the clauses hereof. You may inactivate some or all permissions in settings of your terminal device. The way for activating and inactivating permissions may be different for different devices. Please refer to the instructions or guidelines of the relevant terminal device for details.
(4) Information about other specific services:
A. When you upload and/or release information and take related actions with our services, we will collect the information you upload, release or generate. In the case that such information is from your organization or any other third party, you need to ensure that you have obtained their authorization.
B.
When you contact us, we may save your communication/call logs and contents or any contact information and the relevant information you leave, so that we can contact you or solve your problems. We may also record the solutions for and results of the relevant problems. To confirm the transaction status, offer you after-sales services or solve any dispute you raise, we will collect your transaction, payment and/or logistics information regarding transaction progress through the transaction objects, payment agencies and logistic companies
you choose during transaction, and share such information with providers of aforesaid services.
C. When you choose to join our promotion activities, we may collect information needed for such activities, including
your name, mailing address, contact information and payment account
. We collect such information for the purpose of making payment or presenting gifts to you. Therefore, if you reject to provide us with such information, we may not make payment or issue gifts.
3. Summary of device permission invoking
To offer you better services and protect your account information, [NIIMBOT] will apply to you for the following permissions where necessary. Please rest assured that we will not activate these permissions by default and we may collect your information by using these permissions only when you confirm and consent to activate
these permissions. It should be noted that we may not necessarily collect your information even though we have obtained certain permission from you, and that we will collect your information on a legal, legitimate and need-to-know basis even if you have confirmed to activate the relevant permission.
Please refer to guidelines for permission settings of corresponding permission, and/or instructions or guidelines provided by mobile phone and system developers.
Read/write to
memory permission
: When you install [NIIMBOT], we will apply to you for this permission for stable operation of [NIIMBOT]. We undertake that we will read and cache necessary information only. In case that you choose not to activate this permission, you may not use specific functions related to this permission, but you can still enjoy other functions provided by [NIIMBOT].
Network permission
: When you use [NIIMBOT], we will apply to you for this permission for reading and updating relevant contents of the app. In case that you choose not to activate this permission, you may not use specific functions related to this permission, and you can only enjoy some functions provided by [NIIMBOT] that are available offline.
Bluetooth permission
: When you use [NIIMBOT] to connect the printer with Bluetooth, we will apply to you for this permission for pairing and connecting portable Bluetooth printer, and printing. In case that you choose not to activate this permission, you may not use specific functions related to this permission, but you can still enjoy other functions provided by [NIIMBOT].
Location permission
: When you use [NIIMBOT] to connect the printer with Bluetooth, we will apply to you for this permission for locating the printer with Bluetooth. For Android 6.0 or later versions, Bluetooth device can be searched only when the location permission is activated. In case that you choose not to activate this permission, you may not use specific functions related to this permission and you can only use some functions provided by [NIIMBOT].
Camera permission
: When you use [NIIMBOT] to print pictures, scan automatically identified labels or commodities, or identify characters in pictures, we will apply to you for this permission to help you enjoy such services. In case that you choose not to activate this permission, you may not use specific functions related to this permission, but you can still enjoy other functions provided by [NIIMBOT].
Clipboard Access Permission
: This permission allows the app to read and identify content from your clipboard to open cloud printing template sharing codes. When you copy a cloud printing template code shared via a third party, we need to access your clipboard to retrieve the template information. Please rest assured that we do not collect or use any private information from your clipboard.
Notification permissions:
When you use NIIMBOT to receive push notifications, we will request this permission to facilitate timely delivery of messages. If you choose not to enable this permission, you may not be able to use specific features related to this permission, but it will not affect your use of other functions provided by [NIIMBOT].
4. Your information obtained
by us from third parties
We may collect your account information from any third party to the extent that you have authorized such party to share such information, including account name, nickname and profile picture. We will link your third-party account to your Jingchen account after you agree with the Policy, so that you can directly log in and use our products or services with the third-party account. We will use the aforesaid personal information in strict accordance with the relevant laws and regulations as agreed with the third party after the information is confirmed to be collected from legal sources.
In the case that we need to collect your personal information from any third party to serve you better, we will request such third party to clarify the source and ensure the legality of its offering of such information. We will obtain your explicit consent in the case that we need to process your personal information beyond the scope you authorize.
Please note that some services available
in [NIIMBOT] may be offered by our affiliates, partners or other third party entities, so there may be software development kits (hereinafter referred to as “SDKs”) or similar applications developed by such affiliates, partners or other third party entities. Please
be assured that we will strictly check the security of the SDKs or other similar applications, and request affiliates, partners or other third party entities to take strict data protection measures to safeguard your legitimate
rights.
Please refer to Annex 1:
List of Third-party SDKs
for details
.
5. Special notes
As stipulated by relevant laws
and regulations, we may collect and use your personal information according to law without your consent if the information is:
(1)
necessary
for us to fulfill our obligations stipulated by the relevant national laws, regulations, and other rules of competent authorities
of the industry;
(2)
directly related to the state security and national defense security;
(3)
directly related to the public security, public health, and major public interests;
(4)
directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution, etc.;
(5)
necessary for safeguarding the life, property and other major legitimate
interests of you and others, but is difficult to obtain your consent and/or authorization;
(6)
disclosed to the public by yourself;
(7)
collected from legally disclosed information;
(8)
necessary
for executing and performing contracts as required by you; and
(9)
other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Please understand that we are always updating and iterating all the services we offer. In the case that we need to collect your information as you have chosen other services not covered by the aforesaid clauses, we will explain the scope and purpose of such collection through page prompt, interactive process and/or by other means agreed and seek your consent. In such case, we will use, store, disclose and protect your information in accordance with the Policy and corresponding user agreement. In the case that you choose not to provide us the aforesaid information, you may not enjoy certain or some services, but you can still use other services we offer. In addition, there will be third parties offering you services through [NIIMBOT]. When
you enter any service page operated by a
third party entity, please keep in mind that some services are provided by the third party entity. In such case, you are recommended to carefully read the privacy policy or agreement clauses of the third party entity that
may collect your personal information.
II.
How we store and protect your information
1. The information we produce and collect within the territory of the People’s Republic of China will be stored in the People’s Republic of China. In the case that some services involve overseas business, we will apply the relevant laws and obtain your consent. In the case that we share your information with overseas individuals or entities, we will request the overseas entities keep your information confidential by signing confidentiality agreements with them, organizing site audit, etc.
2. We will take all reasonable measures to protect and keep confidential your information we collect. For example, we will only use de-identified information for statistical analysis in the case of technological development. When we disclose research reports to external individuals or entities, we will de-identify all information included in such reports.
3. We promise to protect your information in accordance with the industry-leading security standard. To protect your information, we are dedicated to using all kinds of security technologies and auxiliary management systems to protect your information from being leaked, destroyed, misused, accessed, disclosed and/or tampered without authorization. Specific measures include but are not limited to:
(1) Using encrypted communication protocol to ensure that data is transmitted in plain text format;
(2) Reinforcing the applications to ensure that no sensitive information can be obtained during de-compilation;
(3) Applying the industry-standard authorization mechanisms to ensure that the request is submitted by the user;
(4) Storing all the data in the intranet, without any public access entry;
(5) Storing the user’s sensitive information (e.g. mobile phone number, password, etc.) in cipher text format.
4. We have formulate emergency response plans for personal information security incidents and regularly organize emergency response training for relevant internal personnel to help them better understand their job responsibilities, as well as strategies and specifications for emergency response. In the case of unexpected information security incident, we will immediately notify you of basic conditions, possible impacts, measures we have taken or will take, and any other information according to the laws and regulations. We will send the relevant dynamics to you in time through the app, SMS or by other means. In the case that your legitimate rights are infringed therefrom, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
5. Please properly keep your account number, password and the relevant identity information. We will identify your identity via your login name or other identity information when you use our services. Once the aforesaid information
is leaked or disclosed, you may suffer losses and/or be exposed to risks. In the case that your login name or other identity information is leaked, please contact us immediately, so that we can take corresponding measures immediately to avoid or minimize the relevant losses arising therefrom.
6. Unless otherwise stipulated by laws, we will stop collecting and using your information once you stop using our services. In the case that we suspend operation, we will immediately stop collecting your personal information, notify you of such suspension through separate notice or public announcement, and will delete or anonymize your personal information.
III.
How we use your information
1. We will use your information in the following cases to satisfy the national laws, regulations and supervisory requirements, to offer you better products and services, and to protect your personal information:
(1) achieving the purposes stated in the section of “How we use your information” herein;
(2) to make the services we offer more stable and secure and protect your personal information, we will use your information for identity authentication, security protection, monitoring of illegal or suspicious transactions, prevention or prohibition of illegal activities, risk mitigation, risk transmission prevention, archiving and backup;
(3) reporting to the relevant departments in accordance with laws, regulations, or requirements of supervisory departments;
(4) inviting you to attend surveys or other activities related to our services;
(5) we will make comprehensive statistics for, analyze and process your information after desensitization, de-identification, etc., thus offering you more accurate, personalized, convenient and smoother services, or helping us evaluate, improve or design our services and operation activities.
(6) other scenarios you have consented with.
2.
In case that we need to use your information for any other purposes not stated herein, we will seek your consent again by means of confirmation agreement, pop-up prompt, copywriting confirmation under specific scenario
and/or by other means in accordance with the laws, regulations, and requirements of supervisory department.
IV.
How we disclose your information
1. Sharing
(1) We may share your personal information with any third party with your explicit consent, and we may de-identify the information when necessary.
(2) We may share your personal information with related third party as required by the laws, regulations, and requirements of the supervisory departments.
(3) To achieve the purposes stated herein, we may entrust some third-party partners to offer some services. We may share your personal information with such third-party partners to offer better services and optimize the user experience.
We will only share your personal information with others on a legal, legitimate, need-to-know and specific-to-purpose basis, and will only share your information that is necessary for us to offer corresponding services. Unless otherwise authorized by you, we will not use your personal information for any other purposes not stated herein.
2. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization and individual, unless:
(1) we have obtained your explicit authorization or consent in advance;
(2) such transfer satisfies the laws, regulations and legal procedures, and/or mandatory governmental requirements or judicial decisions.
In the case of merger, division, liquidation, assets or business acquisition or sales and other transactions of us or our affiliates, we may transfer your personal information as a part of such transaction. In this case, we will ensure the confidentiality of such information during transfer, request the new entity that holds your personal information to keep abiding by the Policy, inform you through specific approach, and seek your consent.
3. Public disclosure
We will not publically disclose your personal information unless:
(1) we have obtained your explicit consent;
(2) the desensitized mobile phone number or account login name of the winner is displayed when the list of activity winners is announced;
(3) such disclosure is made in accordance with the laws, regulations, legal procedures, suits, as well as mandatory requirements of competent governmental departments.
4. Exceptions that personal information may be shared, transferred and publicly disclosed without the authorization and consent
Your personal information may be shared, transferred and publicly disclosed without the authorization and consent
in the case that the personal information is:
(1)
directly related to the state security;
(2)
directly related to the public security, public health, and major public interests;
(3)
directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution, etc.;
(4)
necessary for safeguarding the life, property and other major legitimate
interests of you and others, but is difficult to obtain your consent and/or authorization;
(5)
disclosed to the public by yourself;
(6)
collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news, disclosed government information, etc.
(7)
necessary
for executing and performing contracts as required by the information owner;
(8)
necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products or services offered, e.g. discovering and disposing faults of products or services; and
(9)
other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
You know and recognize that it may not be deemed as sharing, transfer and public disclosure of personal information in the case that such personal information is shared or transferred
after de-identification and that the information recipient cannot restore and re-identify the subject of such personal information. In this case, such information may be stored and processed without further notification and your consent.
V. How to access manage and delete your information
1. To view or modify your identity information, log in to your account in the [NIIMBOT] app and go to "My" - "My Account."
If you discover any errors in your shipping information, you can modify your information by following the prompts on the page. To modify login account login data, however, verification may be required to ensure data security, verify your identity, or ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulatory requirements, before you can modify information previously verified by you.
2. You can modify your authorization settings as follows:
i) disable relevant permissions in system application settings;
ii) go to [My] - [My Account] to disable relevant permissions. Please note that canceling permission for information collection will result in us ceasing to gather such information. Similarly, disabling permission to share data with third parties means we will stop providing such third parties with any information in this business scenario. Please be aware that changing your authorization settings may affect the functionality of certain products or services to which the permissions apply, but it will not affect other product or service features.
3. You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.
Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.
Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.
4. You can cancel your account by going to:
You can cancel your account under [My] - [My Account] - [User cancellation], and we will complete the cancellation of your account within 15 business days after receiving your cancellation request. Please note that upon account cancellation, we will cease to collect, utilize or disclose any personal information associated with the account. However, the information supplied or generated during your use of our products and services will be retained as required by laws and regulations.
5. If you need to access, amend, correct or delete your personal information, or have any questions, complaints or suggestions regarding the protection of your personal information, you can contact customer service at [400-8608800] or send an email to kefu@niimbot.com. We will respond and address your concerns within 15 business days.
6. Notwithstanding the provisions above, we may be unable to acquiesce to your request pursuant to laws and regulations and requirements set by regulatory authorities, if:
(1) Relevant information is directly related to national security and defense;
(2) Relevant information is directly related to public safety, public health or significant public interests;
(3) Relevant information is directly involved in criminal investigations, prosecutions, trials or enforcement of judgments;
(4) Evidence adequately proves that you had malicious intent or abused rights;
(5) Acquiescing to your request will result in serious damages to the legitimate rights and interests of other individuals or organizations;
(6) The request involves a trade secret;
(7) Other circumstances as prescribed by laws and regulations.
VI.
Statement on third-party responsibilities
Please
note that our products and services may contain
services provided by third parties who have their own privacy policy. When you view and use their services, such third parties may place their own cookies or other similar tools that are not subject to our control and/or clauses herein. We will make all endeavors to request such third-party entities to take protective measures for your information. You are recommended to contact them to learn about the details of their privacy
policy. In the case that you identify any risk related to the third-party applications or tools, please stop the relevant operations immediately to protect your legitimate
rights.
Please refer to Annex 1:
List of Third-party SDKs
for details
.
VII.
How we protect the minor’s information
We attach great importance
to the protection of minor’s information, so we will not collect or request for information from the minor. In the case that you are a minor, please seek and obtain the consent of your parents or guardian
before using our products and services. Your parents or guardians are recommended to carefully read the Policy.
Once you download, install and use any or all of our products or services by any means, it will be deemed that your parents or guardians have agreed with your use of our products or services and accepted all contents stated herein. In the case that your parent or guardians
believe
that the minor has provided his/her personal information
to us without their prior consent, please contact us to delete such personal information.
VIII.
Application and update of the Privacy Policy
The Policy is applicable to all our products and services unless that there have been independent privacy
policies for the relevant services or there are special clauses agreed in user service agreement.
We will update the Policy as appropriate in the case of any change in:
(1)
basic conditions, e.g. owner change caused by acquisition, M&A and restructuring;
(2)
subject, scope and purpose of personal information disclosure;
(3)
scope, purposes and rules of personal information collection, storage and usage;
(4)
ways you use to get access to and manage personal information;
(5)
channels and mechanisms of users’ inquiries and complaints, as well as the external dispute resolution institutions and contact information; and
(6)
other changes that may materially affect the rights of your personal information.
We will inform you of any update to the Policy via pop-up prompt in the app
or by other means. To ensure that you can receive our notice in time, please immediately notify us of any change in your contact information. In the case that you still use our products or services after the Policy is updated, it is deemed that you have carefully read, understood, accepted
and agreed
to be subject to the updated policy.
You may view the full text of the Policy in [Me] –
[Settings] –
[Privacy Statement]. You are recommended to view and read our privacy policy each time you use our products or services.
IX.
Miscellaneous
In the case of any objection against our collection, storage and usage of your personal information when you use our products or services, please apply the relevant clauses stated herein or contact us directly at
400-8608800 or kefu@niimbot.com.
We will strictly follow the relevant regulations of your country. In the case of any inconsistency between the Policy and laws of your country, please notify us immediately, so that we can better serve you in the manner that conforms to the laws and regulations of your country.
It is recommended to solve any dispute between us when you use our products or services through amicable negotiation first. Should such negotiation fail, you may file a law suit to the c
ourt
where our domi
cile is located.