Privacy Policy
Effective date:
January 20, 2024
Welcome! This Privacy Policy explains
how
and why Axlebolt Ltd. (“Axlebolt“, “we” or derivatives) processes your personal
data (the “Policy”) while you play the
Standoff
2
mobile
game (the “Game").
We can change the Policy. If we make
significant changes to it, we will send you an in-Game notification before the
changes take effect. The changes will take effect 15 days after publication. If
you use the Game from the effective date of the changes, you agree to the new
version of the Policy.
In addition to the Policy, please also
review the
Terms of Use and the Rules of the Game
.
Who are we?
We are Axlebolt Limited
(Axlebolt LTD).
We are:
• the controller of
your personal data, that is, we independently determine how and why we process
your personal data (the “
Controller
");
• the processor of your
personal data, that is, we process your personal data (hereinafter referred to
as the “
Processor
").
Axlebolt is established
and operates in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Cyprus. Registration
No.: HE 409660. Registered address: Christodoulou Chatzipavlou, 221, Helios
Court, Flat 401, 3036, Limassol, Cyprus.
Since access to the
Game is provided remotely, we may inadvertently collect personal data from
persons under the age of 16. If you are a minor, please make sure that your
parent or legal representative has read and understood the provisions of the
Policy. The Policy on behalf of the minor is accepted and confirmed by the
legal representative of the minor. If you are a minor and cannot familiarize
your legal representative with the provisions of this Policy, as well as if you
(your legal representative) do not agree with the terms of this Policy,
immediately stop further use of the Game.
If a legal
representative allows a minor to use the Game, then such legal representative
has read and understood the Policy, as well as accepted the Policy on behalf of
the minor.
What principles do we
follow when processing your personal data?
•
Lawfulness
. We
process personal data only legally (with your consent, by virtue of the law,
based on legitimate interest, on other legitimate grounds) and for specific
purposes, as well as for the proper provision of services to provide access to
the Game.
•
Transparency.
We strive to be as clear and open as possible about how we collect, use and
share personal data. If you have any questions about any provisions of the
Policy, we are open to communication.
•
Fairness
. We
do not allow the processing of personal data in an unreasonably harmful,
discriminatory, unexpected or misleading way.
•
Specified,
explicit and legitimate purposes.
The purposes of processing your personal
data can be found in the “Processing purposes” section of the Policy. We do not
process personal data for purposes not specified in this section.
•
Data minimization
.
We process data only to the extent necessary to achieve the processing
objectives.
•
Accuracy
. We
keep your personal data up-to-date.
•
Storage limitation
.
We do not store personal data for longer than is necessary for processing
purposes.
•
Integrity and
confidentiality
. We strive to ensure the security of your data by
protecting it from unauthorized or illegal processing, as well as from
accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical and
organizational measures.
What personal data does
Axlebolt collect?
When you play Game and
share your personal data with Axlebolt, we act as a Processor and Controller of
your personal data.
We strive to collect as
little personal data as possible from users of our Game. Most of the data we
collect about you does not allow us to uniquely identify you as an individual,
however, in some cases it allows us to identify your device that you use to
access our Game (the “Device”).
We collect the
following data, which may be considered personal data in some countries:
The data that you
provide
We collect the data
that you provide yourself when using the Game. You have the right not to
provide this data, but certain functions will not be available to you.
These data include:
• “
User's email
"
- your unique email address.
• “
Username
"
is a set of characters and/or numbers that are not yet used by another player
in our Game, and which you can change in your account yourself. You can specify
the Username yourself, but this is optional. If you refuse to specify a
Username, it will be assigned randomly in an automatic manner.
• “
User’s Avatar
"
is an image or photo that you can, but are not required to upload to your
account instead of the default avatar.
• “
Information
provided when contacting support
” - information provided by you when
contacting our support service, including the nature of your problem, payments
data and information about your account.
• “
Information that
you share in text chats
” - information that is provided by you during
communication with other players through the messaging functionality in the
Game.
The data that we
collect automatically
• “
Location
Information
" – general information about your location (without
information about the exact geolocation) at the time when you are playing Game
(for example, IP address, country and city).
• “
Device
Information
" – technical data about your Device. For example, the
device ID; the serial number of the device; the name of your Internet service
Provider (ISP); the name of your browser and the plug-ins used; the operating
system and its version; information about hacking the device (“jailbreak”);
information about the network; the brand and manufacturer of your device; the
language you selected for the device; the version of the Game installed on your
device; the installation path of the Game; downloaded software libraries; your
carrier.
• “
Login information
”
- information about the time, location and IP when you log in to the Game.
• “
User’s ID
"
is a unique number (code) automatically generated and assigned to your account
to identify it in the Game.
• “
Information about
behavioral actions in the Game
” - information about your gaming activities
in the Game, including your achievements, rating, etc.
The data we receive
from third-party resources
We do not purposefully
collect data from third-party resources, but we can do this to facilitate your
user experience (for example, to identify you in the game, as well as when you
interact with ads).
• “
Your data related
to a third–party resource
” - information about your login (for example,
email address) on a third-party resource through which you log in to the Game
(for example, via Facebook).
• “
Advertising ID
”
is a unique identifier that is associated with your mobile phone or tablet,
used by advertisers to track ads.
For what purposes and
on what basis does Axlebolt collect my data?
Personal Data
Legal Basis for Collection
Purpose(s)
When You Play the Games
Advertising IDs,
  Location information and Device Information
Legitimate interest
Analytics –
for more
  information, see Section
“How
  is my personal data used for analytics?”
Advertising IDs,
  Location information and Device Information
Your consent, which
  you express by continuing to play the Game, as well as our legitimate
  interest in direct marketing.
Advertising –
for
  more information, see Section “
How is my personal data used for advertising?”
Device Information
Our legitimate
  interest is in preventing fraud in Games and improving your gaming
  experience, as well as the performance of the contract.
Prevention of fraud
  in the Game -
for more information, see Section
“How is my personal data used to combat fraud?
User's email
Your consent, which
  you express by playing the Game, and our legitimate interest in maintaining
  the security of your account, preventing unauthorized use of your account, as
  well as informing you about important issues, advertising campaigns and
  marketing offers, if we have your consent to such information.
Identification and verification of
  the account, sending important notifications and warnings, informing about
  potentially interesting marketing offers.
User’s ID
,
User’s Name, User’s Avatar
Execution of the
  contract
Identification and
  personalization of your account
Login information,
  Information about behavioral actions in the Game
Our legitimate
  interest is in analyzing your activity to make sure that the Game is
  functioning properly, as well as to fix problems and improve your future
  experience.
Analytics –
for more
  information, see Section
“How
  is my personal data used for analytics?”
Information that you
  share in text chats
The execution the
  contract you enter into with Axlebolt by playing the Game, as well as our
  legitimate interest in ensuring security and preventing the distribution of
  content that violates the
Terms
  of Use
when receiving reports of a violation. We do not intentionally
  collect or control the information that you share in text chats.
The implementation of the
  communication functionality in the Game.
Your data related to
  a third-party resource
The execution of the
  contract, as well as your consent, which you express by logging into the Game
  using third-party resources.
Identification and authorization of
  you in the Game -
for more information, see Section “
How is the user's email used
?”
When You Contact Customer Support
Name and email
  address, Location Information, Device Information, User’s ID, User’s Name,
  User’s Avatar
Your consent which
  you express by filling in the contact form
Voluntary independent
  disclosure of data when sending it to us
You have the option
  to contact our customer support team directly from some of our Games or using
  our social networks and email. When you do, we will collect and use this
  information to respond to your requests and/or comments.
Does Axlebolt collect
my financial information when I make in-app purchases?
When you make in-app
purchases in the Game, we do not collect data about the payment transactions
you make and do not have access to your payment information. This information
is collected and stored by your platform (for example, the App Store on Apple
devices, Google Play on Android devices, or the App Gallery on Huawei devices)
or by your platform's payment operator.
We have the opportunity
to receive data about payments made by you through third-party services (if you
contact us with a request from a payment operator, bank, or other third-party
payment provider) for the purpose of verifying payments from you. However, we
do not intentionally collect or store this data.
Please note that
purchases of in-app objects can be carried out not only through the
functionality of the Game, but also through the stores of third-party services
authorized by us. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such
third-party services.
In specific cases your
data might be collected in order to process your refund requests, which also
require your consent as provided in this Privacy Policy (see Section “How my
data is used for refunds?”).
Data usage
How is my personal
data used for analytics?
As a Game developer, it
is important to us to know how users interact with our Games in order to
improve your user experience. We and our partners (“Analytics Services”)
collect your Location Information, Device Information, Advertising IDs, and Login
information for analytics purposes for our Games. For example, we use this
information to:
• assessment of the
difficulty level of the Game,
• corrections of any
errors in the Game,
• assessing the
demographics of our users,
• determining the need
to support a new type of Device for the Game.
In some cases, the
Analytics Services collect information about you on our behalf and act as a Processor
of your personal data, and in some cases, the Analytics Services independently
decide to collect your personal data through mechanisms built into our
applications. In the latter case, Analytics Services acts as a Controller under
the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We recommend that you
familiarize yourself with the list of our Analytics Services and their privacy
policies:
Analytics Service Providers
Name
Opt-Out
Contact Information
Firebase
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
https://firebase.google.com/support/
Android Performance
  Tuner
Privacy Policy –
  Privacy & Terms – Google
Privacy Help Center - Policies Help (google.com)
How is my personal
data used for refunds?
As we do not collect
the data when you make in-app purchases within our Game directly, in order to
better process you refund requests we have to obtain your consent for this data
collection and processing as well as for transfer thereof to our payment’s
agents.
Please be aware that
you are allowed to freely withdraw your consent for this purpose at any time,
but we note that in case of your consent withdrawal, we may be unable to
process your payments requests properly.
Below we list our
third-party processors, with whom we may share some of your data to process
refund requests and provide the links to their privacy policies.
Refund requests
Processors
Name
Opt-Out
Privacy Policy
Apple (Send Consumption
  Information API)
privacy.apple.com
Apple’s Privacy Policy
How is my personal data used for
advertising?
To keep our Game free,
we display ads in it with the help of third-party advertising partners ("
Advertising
Partners
"). We integrate their technologies into our Game, thanks to
which Advertising partners independently determine which ads to show to you.
a.
Do Advertising partners collect my personal data?
In order to serve you
ads that may be of interest to you ("Targeted Advertising"),
Advertising Partners collect and use your Advertising ID, Location Information,
and Device Information. If location services are enabled in your Device
settings, Advertising partners may additionally collect data about your
geolocation.
In some cases,
Advertising Partners collect information about you on our behalf and act as a
processor of your personal data, and in some cases, Advertising Partners
independently decide to collect your personal data through the mechanisms built
into our applications. In the latter case, Advertising Partners act as a
controller in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulations
(GDPR).
We recommend that you
familiarize yourself with the list of our Advertising Partners and their
privacy policies:
Ad Partners
Name
Privacy policy
Contact information
Chartboost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/115001489623
privacy@chartboost.com
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
For US or Canada users:
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/1461223320847982
For Users in Other Countries:
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/1461223320847982
HeyZap
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
pp@fyber.com
AdColony
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy
privacy@adcolony.com
UnityAds
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
privacy@unity3d.com
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Opt-Out Instructions:
https://www.applovin.com/optout
dataprotection@applovin.com
Unity (Vivox service)
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
DPO@unity3d.com
Adjust
Adjust's Privacy Statement & Policy | Adjust
privacy@adjust.com
Iron source
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
ironsource_privacy@unity3d.com
Intercom
Privacy Policy |
  Intercom
Intercom - Privacy
  Center
For residents of the
European Economic Area (EEA):
If you are a resident
of the European Economic Area (EEA), by agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you
also consent to the processing of your personal information by Google, our
advertising partner:
Name
Privacy policy
Contact information
Google
How Google processes personal information
Contact Google
b.
How to opt-out of receiving Targeted Ads?
If you do not want to
receive Targeted Advertising on your mobile Device, you may opt-out when we
first ask you for permission to serve such advertising. In addition, your
Device may include an option to opt-out of receiving Targeted Advertising
across all applications on your Device. In addition, you may opt out of
receiving Targeted Advertising from a particular Advertising Partner. Please review
our list of advertising partners listed in paragraph a to learn how you can opt
out of receiving Targeted Advertising from a particular Advertising Partner.
In any case, you may
contact us at privacy@axlebolt.com and indicate your desire to opt out of
receiving Targeted Advertising. We will share this information with our
Advertising Partners.
Please note
that if you opt out of receiving Targeted
Advertising, you will still receive contextual advertising that is related to
the content of the Game you are playing.
How are
User’s Name
, User’s Avatar
and User’s ID used?
Our Game does not
require you to provide your real name or upload your own image. Having a
User’s Name and User’s Avatar
is
required, but if you do not want to provide them, they will be generated
automatically. If you wish to personalize your account, you have the option of
providing us with a User’s Name yourself, unless it is already used by another
player in our Game. If you do this, we will process your User’s Name and User’s
Avatar, but you can delete or change them at any time. Also, to minimize the personal
data we process, we assign a User’s ID to your account.
How is the User's email used?
To ensure the security
of your account in the Game, as well as to prevent all types of illegal or
unauthorized use of your account, we ask you to use your email address when
registering for our Game. The User's email address may be required to log in to
the Game and verify or restore your account if something goes wrong. We will
also send you important notifications related to your use of our Game, as well
as information about potentially interesting marketing offers, if you have
agreed to receive such information.
Please note that if you
wish, you can log in using third-party resources that will transfer your data
related to a third-party resource to us. We recommend that you familiarize
yourself with the list of third-party resources and their privacy policies:
Third-party resources for
  authorization
Name
Privacy policy
Contact details
VK
Privacy policy
(vk.com)
support@vk.com
Google
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
Privacy Help Center - Policies Help (google.com)
Apple
Privacy policy Apple
Support
Game Center
Game Center
Privacy
  policy
Support
Huawei
Privacy Policy -
  Huawei
Personal Data
  Management Request - Huawei
How
is my data used to combat fraud?
It is important for us
that the user experience in our Game is fair and competitive. Our
Terms of Use
strictly
prohibit the use of third-party programs to gain an unauthorized gaming
advantage when using games, which may include mods, hacks, cheats, scripts,
bots, simulators and automation programs. To ensure fair play, we use
anti-fraud technologies, for example, anti-fraud programs that can
automatically make decisions to temporarily block your account based on the
information we receive about the User's device.
We recommend that you
review the list of our third-party anti-fraud resources and their privacy
policy:
Third-party anti-fraud
  resources
Name
Privacy policy
Contact details
Google play
  integrity
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
support@vk.com
Apple device check
Privacy policy Apple
Support
Where does Axlebolt store my data?
We store data in
Germany (Frankfurt), which provides an adequate level of data protection.
The data is stored by
AMAZON WEB SERVICES EMEA SARL (CC OTH 00760863 2022 TR). You can read
the privacy policy
of AMAZON WEB SERVICES.
By agreeing to the
Policy, you consent to the transfer of Personal Data to the territory of
Germany.
How long will Axlebolt store my personal data?
We store your personal
data while you are playing the Game. We reserve the right to store your
personal data for 1 year (or any other period established by applicable law)
after you stop playing the Game.
We will store your
personal data for 1 year after you stop playing the Game in order to save your
progress in the game and purchases in case you decide to resume activity in our
Game, as well as in case government authorities contact us with requests for
information about your transactions in the Game.
The right to delete
If you want to
completely delete your account and personal data, which we are obliged to
delete immediately upon your request, you can contact us at
privacy@axlebolt.com
.
After deleting your
information or after 1 year has elapsed since your last gaming session, your
account will be deleted and your game progress and purchases will be lost.
Does Axlebolt process children's personal data?
Our Game is rated as
having content suitable for those aged 16 years and older. We do not knowingly
collect children's personal data.
If you are the parent
of a child under the age of 16 who plays our Game, you can request the deletion
of your child's personal data and prohibit us from further collecting his
personal data by writing to us at
privacy@axlebolt.com
.
If your child contacts
the support service, we will delete his email address and other personal data
immediately after responding to his request, if we become aware that your child
is under 16 years old.
Do third-party services process my personal
data?
In our Game, you may
see links to third-party websites or applications (for example, in
advertisements). Please note that when you click on links to third-party
websites or applications, you can share your personal data with such websites
or applications. Axlebolt does not control the collection of personal data by
third-party websites or applications, and we recommend that you read their
privacy policies in advance.
Social media functions and tools
The Game may include
integrated social media features and tools such as the «Like» button on
Facebook, the «Share» button on YouTube, and the «Subscribe» button on Twitter.
These tools may collect information about your IP address. Social media
features and tools are hosted on third-party servers, and your interaction with
these social media features and tools is governed by the privacy policies of
such social networks.
How does Axlebolt ensure the security of my
personal data?
The security of your
personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry
standards to protect your information, both during transmission and once it is
received. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security. While no security system is completely secure, we and our partners
stake appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access or
disclosure of the information collected by us. For Axlebolt, this includes, but
is not limited to, ensuring that all of your information is disclosed only on a
“need to know” basis and ensuring that all information collected by Axlebolt is
done so via secured connections and protected and encrypted by industrial grade
security software to guard against unauthorized access.
Sharing your personal information for
business/legal reasons
A.
Business Transfers. As we continue to develop our
business, we may reorganize as a business entity, acquire entities,
subsidiaries, or business units, or enter into joint ventures with
third-parties. In any of these types of transactions, any information you
provide may be one of the transferred business assets (subject to any
pre-existing privacy notice unless you consent otherwise). In the event that
all or substantially all of our assets are acquired or we merge with a
third-party, your information will likely be one of the transferred assets. You
understand and agree that we reserve the right to transfer any information
collected from you in the case of any such transfer. In such event, we will use
reasonable efforts to notify you before information about you is transferred
and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
B.
Legal. We may disclose information you provide to
respond to subpoenas, court orders, requests from authorities, and other legal
process, and to establish/exercise our legal rights. We may also disclose your
information to defend against legal claims when we believe that disclosure is
necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. We may share your
information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal
activities, suspected fraud, and situations involving potential threats to the
physical safety of any person, violations of our License Agreement, or as
otherwise required by law.
Please note that we may
transfer your account information if you request a refund through Apple
services. By submitting such a request to Apple, you agree to the transfer of
your data. We recommend that you read the
Apple Privacy Policy
.
Is my personal data sold to any third parties?
No, Axlebolt does not
sell personal data of the users of the Game to any third parties and has never
tried to sell any personal data.
How do I access, manage, or update my personal
information?
Please contact us at
privacy@axlebolt.com
.
What rights do I have?
For users in the European Union
If you are a resident
of the European Union, you have rights under applicable data protection laws.
These include:
• The right of access.
You have the right to request and receive a copy of your data available to us;
• The right to
correction or deletion. You have the right to request the correction or
deletion of your data available to us;
• The right to restrict
processing. You have the right to restrict the processing of your data at our
disposal;
• The right to data
portability. You have the right to transfer your data at our disposal (transfer
the data to another controller). At the same time, we are not responsible for
the compatibility of data with a third-party service.
In certain
circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your
data. To send such a request, please use the contact information provided in
the "
Contact us
"
section. We will review any such request and take action in accordance with
applicable data protection laws.
If we rely on your
consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw
your consent at any time. However, this will not affect the legality of
processing until such consent is revoked. Please also note that in addition to
your consent, we may have other legitimate grounds for processing certain
categories of data, so if you disagree with their processing, you must delete
your account in the Game.
Transfer of personal
data outside the EU. Since some of our Analytics Services, Advertising
Partners, and Third-party resources for fighting are located in countries
outside the European Union, your personal data may be transferred to countries
that may not provide the same level of data privacy as the laws of your country
of residence. When transferring data across borders, we rely solely on the
legitimate grounds for such transfer.
Although we and our
partners take all reasonable and necessary measures to protect your personal
data from unauthorized access by third parties, we are obliged to inform you
about the possible risks of such storage of your personal data in jurisdictions
outside the European Union in accordance with Article 49(1)(a) GDPR.
By agreeing to the
processing of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and by
playing the Game, you give us your
express consent to the cross-border
transfer of your personal data.
For residents of the Russian Federation
If you are a personal
data subject from the Russian Federation, then you have the right to ensure the
protection of your rights and freedoms when processing personal Data,
protection of the rights to privacy, personal and family secrets, in particular
you have the right:
• require us, as an
operator, to clarify your Personal data, block or destroy it if the personal data
is incomplete, outdated, inaccurate, illegally obtained or is not necessary for
the stated purpose of processing, as well as take legal measures to protect
your rights;
• to receive
information related to the processing of your Personal Data, including:
confirmation of the fact of processing Personal Data by the operator; legal
grounds and purposes of processing Personal Data; purposes and methods of
processing Personal Data used by the operator; name and location of the
operator, information about persons (except for employees of the operator) who
have access to Personal Data or to whom Personal Data may be disclosed on the
basis of an agreement with the operator or on the basis of Federal Law;
processed Personal Data related to the relevant Personal Data subject, the
source of their receipt; terms of processing of Personal Data, including the
terms of their storage; information about the performed or proposed cross-border
data transfer; name or surname, first name, patronymic and address of the
person processing Personal Data on behalf of the operator, if processing is
entrusted or will be assigned to such a person; other information;
• to protect their
rights and legitimate interests, including compensation for damages and (or)
compensation for moral damage in court.
For residents of Brazil
If Brazilian law
applies to the processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to request
from Axlebolt:
• confirmation of the
fact of data processing;
• access to processed
data;
• correction of
incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
• Anonymization,
blocking or deletion of unnecessary, redundant data or data processed in
violation of the provisions of the Brazilian Data Protection Act (LGPD);
• the possibility of
transferring data to another service or product provider through a direct
request in accordance with the requirements of the National Data protection
Authority (ANPD) and taking into account the requirements of commercial and
industrial secrets;
• deletion of personal
data processed with your consent;
• information about
public and private organizations with which Axlebolt has shared data;
• information about the
possibility of refusal of consent and the consequences of such refusal.
You can also withdraw
your consent to the processing of Personal Data, object to the processing
carried out on the basis of one of the situations of refusal of consent, if
there is a violation of the provisions of the LGPD. We do not make decisions
based solely on automated processing of Personal Data, however, in any case you
have the right to review decisions made solely on the basis of automated
processing of personal data affecting your interests, including decisions aimed
at determining your personal, professional, consumer and credit profile or
other aspects of your personality.
For data subjects located in the Republic of
Turkey
The Personal Data
Protection Act No. 6698 (“DPL”) contains the rights of data subjects accessing
services from the Republic of Turkey. You have the right to contact the data
controller in order to:
• find out if your
personal data is being processed;
• request information
about whether your personal data has been processed;
• find out the purpose
of processing your personal data and whether this personal data is used in
accordance with the purpose;
• know the third
parties to whom your personal data is transferred in the country or abroad;
• request correction of
incomplete or inaccurate data, if any;
• request the deletion
of your personal data in accordance with the conditions specified in Article 7
of the DPL;
• request reporting on
transactions carried out in certain cases from third parties to whom your
personal data has been transferred;
• independently object
to the occurrence of a result in relation to this person by analyzing data
processed exclusively using automated systems;
• claim compensation
for damages resulting from the illegal processing of your personal data.
For residents of California
The California Consumer
Privacy Protection Act ("CCPA") grants California residents the
following rights:
The right to
access/inform. You have the right to request that we provide you with the
following information:
•
categories
and specific elements of Personal Data that we have collected about you over
the past 12 months;
•
categories
of sources from which we collect Personal Data;
•
business
or commercial purposes for the collection, use, exchange or sale of Personal
Data;
•
the
categories of Personal Data that we have disclosed about you for commercial
purposes and the categories of recipients to whom they have been disclosed;
•
categories
of Personal Data that we have sold or transferred, and categories of third parties
to whom each type of Personal Data has been sold or transferred.
•
The
right to delete. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Data
under certain circumstances, with some exceptions.
•
The
right to correction. You have the right to request that we correct the Personal
Data that we store about you if you believe that it is inaccurate. We may
request the relevant documents from you in connection with your request. After
receiving and validating a request to correct inaccurate Personal Data, we will
make all commercially reasonable efforts to correct the Personal Data.
•
The
right of refusal. We do not sell your Personal Data. However, in any case, you
have the right to refuse the sale and exchange of your Personal Data.
•
If you
wish to opt out of the sale and sharing, except through Cookies or other online
tracking technologies, you can contact us using the methods listed below in the
"Contact Us" section.
•
The
right to non-discrimination. You have the right not to be discriminated against
for exercising the rights set out in the CCPA.
Contact the data protection authorities
For residents of the European
Union
: If you live in the European
Union and believe that we are illegally processing your personal data, you have
the right to file a complaint with the local data protection supervisory
authority. You can find contact information here:
https://commission.europa.eu/about-european-commission/contact_en
.
For residents of the
Russian Federation
: if
you believe that your rights are being violated, you can contact the Authorized
Body for the Protection of the rights of personal data subjects – Federal
Service for Supervision of Communications. You can find contact information at:
https://rkn.gov.ru/contacts /
.
For residents of Brazil
: if you believe that our interaction with your personal
data violates applicable law, you can send a corresponding request to the
Brazilian Data Protection Authority (ANPD).
For California
residents
: If you are a CCPA
subject, you have the right to file a complaint with the California Data
Protection Agency at the following email address:
PRA@cppa.ca.gov
.
For residents of the
Republic of Turkey
: if
you believe that your rights are being violated, you can contact the Office for
Personal Data Protection. You can find contact information here:
https://www.kvkk.gov.tr/Icerik/6655/Contact-Us
.
Contact us
If you want to exercise
the above rights or contact us for another reason, please contact us at
privacy@axlebolt.com
.
You can also write to
us at: Christodoulou Chatzipavlou, 221, Helios Court, Flat 401, 3036, Limassol,
Cyprus.
Please note that in
order to fulfill the request, we may need additional information to identify
the person who contacted us. If the provision of information may lead to a
violation of the rights and legitimate interests of third parties, we may
refuse to provide information.
To exercise the rights
mentioned above, your request must contain the following information:
• your email address;
• information
confirming that you are connected to us, or information otherwise confirming
that we process your personal data.
Thank you for choosing
our Game!
With respect,
The Axlebolt command
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://support.google.com/policies/answer/9581826?p=privpol_privts&hl=en&visit_id=638385003910954341-3029384707&rd=1:
Skip to main content
Privacy Help Center
You have a range of controls to manage your privacy across Google’s services. To find answers to many common questions about privacy and your data in Google’s products and services, select an option below or visit our
Privacy Policy
.
There are also specialized resources and tools to help you with:
Account recovery
Suspected hacked accounts
Removal of information from a Google product or service
Technical problems
Get help with a Google product
Visit our
help center and support forums
.
Google Account recovery & suspected compromised accounts
Recover or get back in to your Google Account
If you're having problems with a personal account:
Learn
how to recover your Google Account or Gmail
.
Follow these steps to
recover your account
.
If you still can't recover your account, find the
Product Forum
for the product you're using and create a post with your question.
If you're using a Google product with a work or school account,
find help for Google Workspace
.
Suspect that your account has been compromised
Suspicious activity in your account
If you find suspicious activity on your account, follow the steps to
secure your account
. Use
Security Checkup
to check your account security settings.
If you think a crime has been committed
If you think a crime has been committed, you may wish to contact law enforcement.
If you're getting someone else's email
Find out why you're
getting someone else's email
.
Report content or information you would like removed from a Google product or service
Report content or information
Learn how to remove potentially illegal or unauthorized content on Google.
Google provides specific streamlined processes to remove content that can contain users' personal information from Google services.
This page
will help you get to the right place to report content that you would like removed from Google's services under applicable laws.
If your request relates to Youtube, learn more about
YouTube’s Privacy Guidelines
.
Your account controls
Download your data from Google products & services
Learn about downloading your data
, or visit the
Takeout Tool
to download your data from Google products and services.
You can also use our tools to
access and review your data
or
delete your data
.
Submit a data access request
If the info you are looking for is not available via the tools mentioned above,
submit a data access request
and specify:
The categories of personal data you are seeking;
The products or services to which the data relates;
Any approximate dates when you think the data may have been collected by Google.
You’ll need to
sign in to your Google Account
to complete the form.
Review your basic account info & data
When you’re signed in to a Google Account
, you can always review and update info by visiting the Google services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control info saved in your
Google Account
. These tools include:
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play.
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage info associated with specific products.
Personal Info
allows you to manage your contact info, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Data & Personalization settings page
allows you to personalize your data, such as Activity & Timeline, things you create and to or select general preferences for the web.
You can also learn about
changing your Google Account picture, name & other info.
When you’re signed out
, you can manage info associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Delete your data
Delete your activity
You can
delete activity
, including your
Location History
. You can also
choose to have this info deleted automatically
after a set period of time.
Learn more about how to
see, control and delete the info in your Google Account
.
Delete a product or service
Delete your Gmail
.
Remove other products & services
.
Delete your Google Account
You can
delete your Google Account
at any time. If you change your mind or accidentally delete your account, you might be able to get it back. Learn
how to recover your account
.
Once your account is deleted, all your data and account content is removed from our systems after a certain amount of time. Our
policy
describes why we hold on to different types of data for different periods of time. Once you delete your Google Account, you’ll no longer be able to use the following:
Services that require you to sign in, like Gmail, Drive, and Calendar;
Data associated with your account, including emails, photos, and records of transactions;
Subscriptions on YouTube;
Content you purchased on Google Play, like movies, games, or music;
Info you've saved in Chrome;
Your Gmail username. Once it’s deleted, you can't use it again later, and you can't create a new Google Account with the same username.
In addition to these tools, we also offer specific deletion controls in our products, like Photos.
How to access and control your data
Certain laws can grant you the right to request access to your personal information. We believe this is best achieved by putting you in control of your data. That’s why we have created user-friendly
tools
to make it easier for people to access and review their data, download and move it to another service, or delete it entirely.
To protect our users, we have implemented advanced security infrastructure to ensure that we only allow authorized individuals to access personal information relating to them.
Our user-facing tools are designed to provide you with your personal information in a concise, transparent, intelligible, and easily accessible form. For example:
Activity Controls
allow you to review and manage what types of activity you would like saved to your Google Account. If you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your Google Account, so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations.
You can also allow Web & App Activity to save to your Google Account
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps that you install and use on Android. You can access and manage your Web & App Activity data in the intuitive Web & App activity user interface.
You can also download data through Google’s
download your data tool
. This tool will allow you to tailor what data you want to access, how frequently you want the data provided, and to where the data should be sent.
While these tools are the most effective way for you to control how Google’s core services process your data, you can also submit requests through the
data access form
that is available through the
Privacy Help Center
.
Below, you can find more information about how to use each of these options available to you.
How can I access my data?
The three main ways to access and manage your data are:
Directly access your data through Google's services themselves and your Google Account
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your
Google Account
.
By using Google’s intuitive user interfaces and controls you can easily access and manage data across many Google services. For example:
My Activity
. You can use this setting to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play.
For example, if you want to find out that website you found on Google Search last week, you can use the simple search functionality. You can:
Search by keywords by typing into the search box terms the terms you want to search;
Filter by date and product by simply clicking the “filter by date & product” button and inputting the dates and product you are interested in; or
Browse all your saved activity.
You can also use the specific Web & App Activity, Location History, or YouTube History interfaces if to search in those spaces or you want to access the granular controls available for those services.
Web & App Activity
. To review and manage your activity on Google sites and apps, including associated info like location, that is used to give you faster searches, better recommendations, and more personalized experiences in Maps, Search, and other Google services.
Location History
. To review and manage information about where you go with your devices, even when you aren't using a specific Google service, which information is used to give you personalized maps, recommendations based on places you've visited, and more.
YouTube History
. To review and manage the YouTube videos you watch and the things you search for on YouTube which is used to give you better recommendations, help remind you where you left off, and more.
My Ad Center
. You can see and manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Customise Ads
. Choose topics and brands you want to see more or fewer ads about.
Manage Privacy
. You can tailor and turn off info you don't want used to personalize your ads.
The
My Ad Center preferences
page in My Activity also allows you to see and manage My Ad Center preferences, such as ads you’ve liked or blocked.
Google Workspace search history
. When you use Google Workspace products like Gmail and Google Drive, you can choose for Google to store the searches you make so you can review and manage them.
Purchases and reservations. Manage your
purchases
and
r
eservations
made using Search, Maps, and the Assistant.
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Directly access your data through the download your data tool
As Google provides many varied services that can be used in many ways in multiple combinations, with a multitude of settings the actual information collected in relation to each individual is highly dependent on if and how an individual uses any of the services. This means that information processed about your use of Google services may differ from another user’s use of Google services.
Google Takeout gives you a flexible and powerful tool to access data in a tailored and intuitive way. By using
Google Takeout
you can download data from many Google services in a concise, transparent, and easily intelligible form.
See below for information on how to use Google Takeout and also some examples of the wide range of services and information available through Google Takeout.
Using Google Takeout
To use Google Takeout, follow these simple steps. For more information see this
Help Center
.
Access the Takeout tool from one of the many surfaces it is linked, such as the
Privacy Help Center
. You will need to be signed into the Google account you are trying to access to download data related to that Google account.
You can choose to tailor what services you want data from by navigating to a specific Google service you want to obtain your personal information from.
Select the Google service you are interested in by clicking the tickbox.
If you only want to download some of your data from a product, you may have the option to select a button like the circled All data included
. Then, you can uncheck the box next to data you don’t want to include.
You would then click Next Step.
In this final step you can, among other things, select how frequently you want this data exported and the destination for export. For example, you can automatically create an archive of your selected data every 2 months for one year. The first archive will be created immediately.
Once the export is ready you will receive an email with a link to where you can access the requested information. Depending on the amount of information in your account, this process could take different times. Most people get the link to their archive the same day that they request it.
Examples of available information
Google Account
- includes data about your account registration and account activity, such as:
Account registration information such as creation date, terms of service IP address, terms of service language, account recovery information such as recovery email, recovery sms and alternate email addresses.
IP activity such as IP address, timestamp, browser information, operating system details, and the device that is being used to access the website.
Google Play Store
-
data about your Google Play Store activity, such as:
Installs - List of your Google Play app installs and associated data such as timestamp, update time, device carrier details, model details, manufacturer details.
Redemption history - List of your Google Play promo redemptions and associated data.
Purchase history - List of your Google Play purchases and associated data such as user language, user code, timestamp.
Order history - Detailed purchase data regarding your Google Play orders and associated data such as location data including IP address.
Devices - data about your devices that have accessed the Google Play Store such as location data.
Play settings - Settings for your Google Play apps and associated data.
Access Log Activity
-
logs of your account activity, such as:
Activity IP logs: a list of Google services accessed by your devices (e.g. every time your phone synchronizes with your Gmail), including timestamps, IP addresses, and browser details;
Device logs: a list of devices (e.g. Nest, Pixel, iPhone), which have accessed your Google account in the past 30 days.
Submit a request to the specialist privacy operations team
Google has designed a specific
data access form
that is accessible through the
Privacy Help Center
. It is linked in the Google
Privacy Policy
. Submissions through this form go to Google’s specialist privacy operations team. All requests submitted through this form are individually assessed. As requests submitted through this form are manually reviewed, triaged and responded to, they will take longer to process than using the automated self-help tools.
When you fill in the
data access form
, you will be asked to provide certain information to help direct your request:
Your email address – this allows us to verify your identity (learn more in our
FAQ
);
Your country of residence – this is to  help us identify the legal rights that govern your request;
The product (or products) you are inquiring about – this helps us to find what data you are requesting, and to identify any tools available for you to access that data directly (see above); and
Information about what information you are seeking – this is important for us to be able to know the scope of your request, and our data access form allows you to be as broad or specific as you want. The specificity of your request will affect the response you receive. For example:
You can ask for all of the data Google processes relating to you (i.e., ‘Any data’ or ‘All data’). Because this is a very broad request, the initial response you get will identify online tools where you can access your data, and our specialist privacy team may ask you to provide more clarity to help them provide a more helpful response.
If you can specify particular data points that you want, or specific categories of data, such as call recordings, chat transcripts, details of logins etc. it may allow your request to be processed more efficiently.
You might find it helpful to refer to the information we publish about how we process data through the products you're interested in, typically the
Google Privacy Policy
, or the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
if you're using our enterprise Cloud products. If the data requested is not available through the online tools, our specialist privacy team will search for the data.
Upon receipt of your request submitted via the
data access form
your request will be processed as follows:
The specialist privacy operations team will confirm that the individual making the request is the same individual to whom the data relates. For example, if you submit a request from one Google account asking for information about another Google account, we would ask that you submit your request from the relevant Google account.
Once the specialist privacy team confirms that you are the individual to whom the requested data relates, they will assess the detail of your request and determine how to respond. For example:
if the complexity of the request requires further time to respond, they will inform you of that extended time period.
if your request is unclear or relates to a large quantity of information they will ask that you clarify your request by specifying the information or processing activities to which the request relates.
If you can clarify the scope of the request, such as by identifying specific categories of data or services to which your request relates, it will help our specialist privacy team provide a more tailored response. This may mean detailing specific user facing tools that provide you with access to the relevant data in the most concise and intelligible format with instructions on how to utilise those tools.
if the requested data is not available in the user -facing tools they will conduct searches to identify in scope data for production.
Once relevant, in scope data is identified by the specialist privacy operations team they will compile it, applying exemptions as appropriate (e.g. where disclosure of such data could adversely affect the rights and interests of third parties).
Once the in scope documents have been prepared the data will be provided to you through a relevant production avenue such as a specialist platform that you can use to access data that has been manually compiled by the relevant teams.
If, after a diligent search of our systems, no data is identified in response to your request, you will be informed that no responsive data was identified.
Please note that there is certain data that we will not be able to provide in response to a request.
For more information on submitting access requests see the
FAQ
.
FAQs
Verifying the identity of the individual making a request
If an individual is seeking access to data:
that is associated with a Google Account, that individual will need to submit their request from the authenticated email address associated with that Google Account to access that data. If they submit their request from another email address that is not associated with the Google Account and we cannot verify that the requested data relates to them they will not obtain access to information associated with that Google Account.
that is processed in a manner that does not identify the individual, such information cannot generally be verified as relating to the person making the request. This could apply to information that is processed without being associated to a particular individual. For example, data processed in the context of Google’s SafesSites is associated with a Chrome wide API key which could not be used to authenticate individual users. As such SafeSites data would not be provided in response to an access request.
Why does Google ask me to log into my Google account to access Google account data?
There are several good reasons why we ask a user to log into the Google account they are seeking information about. By doing so, we can help to protect user privacy, comply with regulations, and prevent fraud.
To protect user privacy. By confirming the identity of the user, we can be sure that we are only sharing data with the person who is authorized to receive it. This helps to protect user privacy and prevent unauthorized access to personal information.
To comply with regulations. Many laws and regulations require organizations to take steps to protect the privacy of their users. One of these steps is to confirm that an individual requesting access to information is the individual to whom the information relates. This helps organizations to comply with these laws and regulations and protect their users' privacy.
To prevent abuse. When we share data with someone, we are essentially trusting them with that data. By confirming the user is entitled to the information that they have requested we protect our users' interests.
Can I use other information related to or from a Google account to access data associated with that Google account?
A user’s knowledge or possession of information (e.g. forwarded emails, details of IP addresses from which an account was accessed or cookie IDs), taken alone, is generally insufficient to verify that the user making a request is the individual to whom such data relates.
For example, emails, IP addresses or device information could be obtained by third parties through various means, such as a spouse/partner that shares a device or gains access to an account of their partner forwarding emails to themselves which they subsequently submit in order to hijack an account. Similarly, third parties could alter the contents of automated emails so that they appear to relate to a different account. Similarly, IP addresses and cookie ID, taken alone, are generally inadequate for verification purposes for many reasons, including because they can be shared by a number of different people at the same time.
Why are call recordings with Google customer support not available in Takeout?
As call recordings will require an assessment of whether they contain third party data, manual intervention is required to identify if there is third party data and if there is, redact that information as appropriate.
Why do you point me to user facing tools when I request access to my data?
As Google provides varied services that can be used in many ways in multiple combinations, with a multitude of settings, the actual information collected in relation to each individual is highly dependent on if and how an individual uses any of the services. This means that information processed about your use of Google services may differ from another user’s use of Google services.
We provide you with flexible and powerful tools to access and control data processed about you which we detail here. Those tools will provide you with access to concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible information about your data.
So when we receive a request we will often point users to the appropriate user facing tools that can be used to access the requested information.
What sort of data is not available in response to a request for my data?
You can review this
Help Center
to see details of data that will not be returned in response to a request.
Your privacy & security controls
Review your privacy settings
You have controls to manage your privacy across our services. You can use
Privacy Checkup
to review and adjust important privacy settings like those below. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products.
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, you can turn on Location History if you want traffic predictions for your daily commute, or you can save your YouTube Watch History to get better video suggestions.
Ad Settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal info is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
About You
Control what others see about you across Google services.
Review how you share data with third-party apps and sites
To help you safely share your data, Google lets you give third-party sites and apps access to different parts of your account.
Review
how you share data with third-party apps and sites
.
Review your security settings
Use
Security Checkup
to help make sure your account is safe and to strengthen your online security.
Learn more about how to
make your account more secure
.
Data & info Google collects
What info we collect & how we use it
We're committed to being clear about what info we collect and how we use it. You can find details of our commitments in our
Privacy Policy
. You'll also get explanations of the types of info we collect, how it's collected, why we collect it, how it's used, and when it's shared. You can also visit our
Safety Center
to learn about Google’s privacy and security principles.
Where your data is stored
To make sure our services are reliable, we maintain
servers around the world
. This means your info may be processed on servers outside of the country where you live. Regardless of where your info is processed, Google applies the same level of protection to your data.
Get help with privacy-related questions
Google's adherence to the EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework certification
, Google complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the EEA, UK and Switzerland.  We currently do not rely on the Swiss-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer personal information to the US. If you have a privacy concern related to Google’s adherence to the DPF with respect to your personal information, fill out this
web-form
.
For other privacy related questions, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.
Contact Google's Data Protection Office
Google has a designated team to address user privacy inquiries for its consumer and enterprise products.
There are also specialized resources and tools to help you with:
Account recovery
Suspected hacked accounts
Removal of information from a Google product or service
Technical problems
For additional information on Google’s privacy practices, please see our
Privacy Policy
.
Further, you can contact Google’s Data Protection Office via our designated
web-form
.
Enterprise customer requests & resources
Data processing through Google Cloud
If you use a consumer version
of Gmail, Drive, or other Google product, the Google
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
apply to you.
Google doesn’t offer a Data Processing Agreement for the consumer versions of Gmail or Drive. Google does not act as a data processor for the consumer version of these services. If you have specific privacy concerns, data protection obligations, or compliance needs, consult with your legal counsel.
If your organization uses Google Workspace, Google Workspace for Education, or Google Cloud Platform services
, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
(CDPA) may apply to you. If your agreement does not already incorporate the CDPA (or its predecessor, the Data Processing Amendment or Data Processing and Security Terms, as applicable), you can accept the CDPA in the Admin Console by following the instructions
here
for Google Workspace and Google Workspace for Education, and
here
for Google Cloud Platform. However, please note that if your organization purchases Google Cloud Platform from a reseller, the CDPA will not apply to you, because you will enter data processing terms with your reseller instead. Please contact your reseller if you have questions about those terms.
In addition, the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
describes how we collect and process personal information (excluding our customer’s data) in relation to those services.
Find data processing terms
Google makes appropriate data processing terms available for certain products where it acts as a data processor, including those listed below.
Analytics
Learn how to accept the data processing terms.
Google Ads
, for Customer Match and Store Sales Direct
Google Cloud Platform
Google Workspace
and Google Workspace for Education
Google Tag Manager
Firebase
You can also find info on how Google helps
Google Ads
advertisers comply with GDPR. For other features related to Ads, view the
Google controller terms
.
You can find more info about the products and data processing terms at
privacy.google.com/businesses/compliance
.
Customer notifications of data access requests
If you are an enterprise end user in the European Economic Area, UK or Switzerland submitting a privacy inquiry, the contracts we have in place to protect our customers’ data may require us to notify your account administrator or cloud project owner of your request.
For more information, refer to the
Google Cloud Trust and Security website
.
Avoid & report scams
People sometimes use the Google brand to scam and defraud people. Learn more
how to avoid scams and where to report them
.
If you find suspicious activity on your account, learn how to help
secure your account
. Use Google's
Security Checkup
to check your account security settings.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
false
Main menu
Google apps
1056876954848362155
true
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false
Sub-policy 2
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 3
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 5
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 6
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 7
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 8
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/:
English
日本語
Deutsch
Privacy policy
CCPA
Privacy policy
Last modified: October 2024
Adjust GmbH including all of its affiliates (collectively, "Adjust" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you how we process your personal data.
The data controller according to art. 4 European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, managing directors are Andrey Kazakov and Egor Lukomsky.
Responsible for data processing in contracts with your respective contractual partner:
●      Adjust GmbH, Germany
●      Adjust Software Ltd, United Kingdom
●      Adjust Inc., United States
●      Adjust K.K., Japan
●      Adjust Beijing, China
●      Adjust Brasil Licenciamento de Software Ltda., Brazil
If one of our subsidiaries is the data controller and the registered office is outside the EU, its EU Representative is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany
If the data processing is subject to the UK GDPR and a UK Representative is required this is Adjust Software Ltd, 90 High Holborn, Holborn, London, WC1V 6LJ, United Kingdom
In case of any questions relating to data protection, please get in touch with us at
privacy@adjust.com
.
Our external Data Protection Officer is ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg. If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please send your request to them by post. Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company Adjust GmbH.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). If you are a California resident, please also review our California Resident Privacy Notice ("CCPA").
1. Collection and Use of Data
Term
Personal data is all information relating to personal and objective circumstances through which a person may be personally identified. This may for example entail information such as your name, address or other contact details such as phone number or e-mail address.
Intended Use
We base the processing of your data on the following legal bases:
●      Your consent, if you have given us such consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR),
●      The initiation or execution of a contract with you (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR),
●      The fulfilment of legal obligations (art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR),
●      The implementation of our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR)
When processing your data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, we pursue the following legitimate interests:
●      To present and improve our website
●      To estimate the size of our target group and their user pattern
●      To save information about your preferences so that we may adapt our website to your individual interests
●      To speed up your search
●      To recognize you when you return to our website
Furthermore, with this information we will be able to ensure the stability and security of our website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
●      To present our Website and its contents to you
●      To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
●      For marketing and advertising purposes
●      To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
●      To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it and to help us understand how the Website is being used (website analysis)
●      for other purposes that we specifically explain to you prior to collecting your information.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may elect to unsubscribe and we will cease using your information in that manner.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany, via email at
privacy@adjust.com
.
This privacy policy and the CARU icon shown on our websites and online services, confirm that Adjust, Inc. is a valid licensee and participating member in the CARU Safe Harbor Program (“CARU Safe Harbor”).  To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative.  CARU has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Adjust’s websites and online services where this privacy policy is posted.
As part of the CARU Safe Harbor, we are subject to audits and frequent monitoring of our websites and online services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by CARU.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact CARU at:
CARU Safe Harbor
Attn: Director
1676 International Drive #550
McLean, Virginia 22102
InfoCaru@bbbnp.org
PLEASE NOTE: CARU is not a data controller or a data processor for Adjust, Inc. and cannot process personal data requests made pursuant to CCPA. Please direct your personal data request directly to Adjust, Inc, through the link in our privacy policy under “Your California Privacy Rights”.
From whom we receive your information
We receive the information from you (including about the devices you use). In addition, if we do not collect the personal data directly from you, we will also tell you the source of the personal data and, if applicable, whether it comes from publicly available sources.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users who visit our Website via internet connection or through your device which you use to access our Website, including certain user details. Such information includes:
●      Traffic data
●      Location
●      Server logs
●      Resources on our website which you access and use
●      IP address, operating system and browser type
and information which is collected through cookies, web-beacons and other tracking technologies.
Furthermore, we are processing data with which you may be personally identified such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number and any other identifier with which you may be contacted online or offline ('personal data') insofar as you provide us with this data in our online form. Keep in mind that we also handle correspondence and process data to that respect.
Technologies, which we use on this website
The technologies we use for this data processing may include:
●      Cookies (or browser cookies). We, and businesses we work with, require cookies for some features of our website. Cookies are small files that your browser places on your device in a designated directory. These cookies can be used to determine, for example, whether you have visited a website before. They are deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies ("persistent cookies") are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser and object to the use of cookies through your browser settings. Please note that disabling cookies may result in restrictions when using our website.
●      Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Adjust, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
●      Log files. Every time you access our Internet pages, your usage data is transmitted through the respective internet browser and stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The records stored in this case contain the following data: domain and location from which the user is accessing the website.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
●      Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, subscribing to our service, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the Adjust technology,
●      Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us,
●      Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website,
●      Details of Website searches and button clicks are also recorded.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Automated decision making (including profiling)
Automated decision-making - including profiling - does not take place.
Requirement or Obligation to Provide Data
Unless this is expressly stated, the provision of your data is not required or obligatory.
Duration of Retention of Data
We store your data:
●      If you have consented to the processing, at the latest until you withdraw your consent,
●      If we need the data to carry out a contract, at most as long as the contractual relationship with you or statutory retention periods are running,
●       if we process the data for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, at most for as long as the legal obligation exists,
●      If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, at most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
●      To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the sole purpose of providing our services.
●      To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business:
●      Provider of web analysis tools,
●      Web hosting and web development providers,
●      Marketing and advertising service providers,
●      E-mail and newsletter provider,
●      Service provider for editing and translations,
●      CRM system service provider,
●      Cloud services,
●      Payment service provider,
●      Conference and Webinar Software,
●      Service provider for online surveys,
●      Service provider for chat software,
●      Social media platforms.
●      To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Adjust's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Adjust about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
●      To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
●      For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
●      With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
●      To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request,
●      To enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes,
●      If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Adjust, our customers or others.
Unless otherwise stated herein, your personal data will be processed on our servers. If we have commissioned technical service providers, they will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this privacy policy, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Economic Area.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
●      Changing the browser settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
●      Consent Banners (“CMP”). You can grant and manage your cookie and consent preferences via the consent banner provided. Please note that we base the setting or processing of personal data using cookies on your consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, sec. 25 para. 1 TTDSG. In the case of cookies, which are absolutely necessary to make the website available properly, we base the setting of cookies on sec 25 para. 2 No. 2 TTDSG or the processing of personal data on our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR to make our website available and to ensure this and its functionality and user-friendly design.
●      Opt-out. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations
●      We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from, for example, members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's
website
.
How we protect Your Data
●      We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. All transactions, regardless of their nature, are encrypted using SSL technology.
●      The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
●      Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
●      Transfer between subsidiaries: We may transfer user and customer information to our affiliates and to third party providers for the sole purpose of providing our services.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will process your e-mail address and data to verify your subscription. You can cancel your subscription at any time by sending a message to us or by clicking the 'unsubscribe' button in every email.
Your rights according to the GDPR
As the data subject, you have the right of access (art 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (art 16 GDPR), the right to erasure of your personal data (art 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of and object to the processing of your personal data (art 18 GDPR and art. 21 GDPR) as well as the right to data portability (art 20 GDPR). Furthermore, you have the option to file a complaint against the processing of your personal data with  a supervisory authority (for example, the data protection authority responsible for us, which is the Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit at
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/
, Art. 77 GDPR).
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw the given consent at any time (art.7 para.3 GDPR) by sending us an email to
privacy@adjust.com
.  The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can object to the processing of your personal data insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on our legitimate interests. This is the case in particular if the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation to you, which we in each case present in the description of the functions which follow. In case of such objection, we kindly ask for an explanation of the reasons for the objection against the processing of your personal data. In the case of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and will either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling legitimate reasons based on which we continue the processing your personal data.
Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
In this case, please send an e-mail to
privacy@adjust.com
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
("CCPA") for information regarding your California privacy rights.
Transfer to Third Countries
If personal data is being transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area, we only transfer it to third countries where the EU Commission has confirmed an adequate level of protection or where we can ensure the careful handling of personal data by means of contractual agreements (Standard Contract Clauses) or other suitable guarantees, such as certifications or proven compliance with international security standards. Information on this is available from us upon request.
Data Privacy Framework
Adjust Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adjust Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Adjust Inc. at:
privacy@adjust.com
If you are an EU individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see below) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Choice: If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Policy, Adjust will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of Personal Data should be sent to us at
privacy@adjust.com
2. Tracking Technologies on our Website
Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service of the provider Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland on our website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that allows us to collect and analyze data about the behavior of visitors to our website. Google Analytics uses cookies for this purpose, which enable an analysis of the use of our website. This involves processing of personal data in the form of online identifiers (including cookie identifiers), IP addresses, device identifiers and information about interaction with our website.
Some of this data is information that is stored in the terminal device you are using. In addition, further information is also stored on your end device via the cookies used. Such storage of information by Google Analytics or access to information that is already stored in your terminal device only takes place with your consent.
Google Ireland will process the data collected in this way on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our website by the users, to compile reports on the activities within our website and to provide us with further services associated with the use of our website and the use of the internet. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.
The personal data processed on our behalf to provide Google Analytics may be transferred to any country in which Google Ireland or Google Ireland's sub-processors maintain facilities. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries".
In addition to the option to reject Google Analytics in our Consent Banner, you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization enabled. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google Ireland within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data. You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
We use the Google Analytics 4 variant, which allows us to track interaction data from different devices and from different sessions. This allows us to put individual user actions in context and analyze long-term relationships.
The data about user actions are stored for a period of 14 months and then automatically deleted. All other event data is stored for 2 months and are then automatically deleted. Thereby, the deletion of the data whose storage period has expired takes place automatically once a month.
Google Ads
We use the online advertising program Google Ads of Google Ireland, Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”) on our website, through which we place advertisements on the Google search engine. When you access our website via a Google ad, Google sets a cookie on your terminal device ("conversion cookie"). In the process, a different conversion cookie is assigned to each Google Ads customer, so that the cookies are not tracked across the websites of different Ads customers. The information obtained with the help of the cookie is used to create conversion statistics. This tells us the total number of users who clicked on one of our Google ads. However, we do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. When using the service, a transfer of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries". You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
Google Remarketing
We also use the Google Analytics advertising features (remarketing) from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. This function enables us, in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google, to display advertisements in a more targeted manner and to present users with ads that are tailored to their interests. Via the remarketing, users are shown ads and products for which interest has been identified on other websites in the Google network. The function allows us to link advertising target groups created via Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google Ads. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to a user depending on previous usage and surfing behavior on an end device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another end device of the user (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be placed on every end device on which you log in with your Google account. The aggregation of the collected data in your Google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or withdraw at Google. For these linked services, data is then collected via Google Analytics for advertising purposes. To support the remarketing function, Google Analytics collects users' Google-authenticated IDs, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data. This is used to define and create target groups for cross-device ad advertising.
Privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Further information and setting options for personalized advertising at Google can be found here:
https://support.google.com/My-Ad-Center-Help/answer/12155451?hl=en&sjid=174251308182856932-EU
.
Google Signals
We use the Signals feature of Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Signals recognises individual users using different devices (so-called cross-device tracking). We only receive anonymous data in the form of a report that shows patterns in user behaviour. Google Signals helps us to better understand how visitors interact with our website and to show more meaningful and personalized ads to these visitors after leaving our website.
For this, session data is being processed and linked with website visitors that
• have a Google account;
• are logged in to their Google account when they access the corresponding website; and
• have turned on the “Ads personalization” feature in their Google account.
If you do not wish to be subject to the Signals feature, you can deactivate the “Ads personalization” feature in your Google account.
The privacy policy of Google can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Meta Pixel (formerly known as Facebook Pixel)
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Meta") on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Meta, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Meta may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with
Facebook's Data Usage Policy
. You can allow Meta and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Meta pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. The LinkedIn Insight Tag is offered by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your
LinkedIn settings page
and recommend you read their
Cookie Policy
for more information. ​​You can find LinkedIn's privacy policy here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (formerly Salesforce Pardot)
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is a B2B marketing automation tool by Salesforce, which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce's privacy policy, you can find their privacy policy here:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
Hotjar
Hotjar Ltd. Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta, provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools.
Hotjar will collect and process your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website and to evaluate the use of Adjust Dashboard. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is by means of the website analysis to improve your experience when using our website and Adjust Dashboard. Hotjar offers information on how users can stop the analysis:
https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/
. You can find Hotjar's privacy policy here:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Drift
Drift Inc., 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 600, Boston, MA 02116, USA, is providing a conversation-driven marketing platform. We have implemented Drift’s chatbot tool on our website in order to engage and communicate with website visitors interested in our services. For this, Drift records conversation data, IP address and contact information. Drift's privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
.
Microsoft Advertising
We use Universal Event Tracking (UET) on our website via the Microsoft Advertising service of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Via UET, Microsoft stores a cookie in the user's browser to enable an analysis of the use of our online offer. The prerequisite for this is that the user has reached our website via an advertisement from Microsoft Advertising. In this way, we and Microsoft can recognise that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online offer and has reached a previously determined target page (conversion measurement). No IP addresses are stored in this process. No further personal information about the identity of the user is communicated either.
For more information on data protection at Microsoft, please refer to Microsoft's privacy statement at
http://privacy.microsoft.com/en/privacystatement
. Microsoft offers the opportunity to opt out under
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout?lang=en-US
.
6sense
We use 6sense, a marketing automation software on our website. The service is provided by 6sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States. 6sense enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with 6sense includes cookie and other online identifiers, names, email addresses, phone numbers, social media contact information, company names, customer status, industry and job descriptions, websites visited, location information, and commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by 6sense in their privacy policy at
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
.
G2
We use G2 Track Your Prospects, a marketing analytics service on our website. The service is provided by
G2.com
, Inc., 100 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606, United States. G2 allows us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with G2 includes the data collected by Google Analytics as well as data about your activity on our website as well as on the G2 website, namely cookie and other online identifiers, information stored in your G2 profile, information about your industry, customer status, websites visited and website usage information, location information, and likely commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by G2 in their privacy policy at
https://legal.g2.com/privacy-policy
.
Appzi
We use Appzi, a website visitor feedback collection tool on our website. The service is provided by Appzi, Inc., 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Newark, DE 19702, United States. Appzi allows us to collect feedback from website visitors. The data collected by Appzi includes the feedback provided by website visitors as well as information about your system (non-precise location, device type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution, URL visited). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Appzi in their privacy policy at
https://www.appzi.com/privacy
.
Demandbase
We use Demandbase, an account-based marketing service, on our website. The service is provided by Demandbase, Inc., 222 2nd St., 24th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. Demandbase enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with Demandbase includes contact details of our clients and prospects (first and last name, company name, title, email. address(es), phone number(s), business address.) and website traffic data collected via Demandbase Tag (IP address, cookie ID, HTTP header, website engagement information). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Demandbase in their privacy policy at
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/.
3. Other Recipients
Cookiebot
We use the consent technology of Usercentrics A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter "Cookiebot") to obtain consent for the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device or for other actions requiring consent and to document and manage these in accordance with data protection laws. The purpose of the data processing is the analysis, management and proof of the consents granted, in order to comply with our obligation of a GDPR-compliant consent management.
When you access our websites, a connection is established to the servers of Cookiebot in order to obtain your consent and other declarations regarding the use of cookies. Cookiebot then stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to assign the consents granted to you or their withdrawal. The data collected in this way is stored until you request us to delete it, delete the Cookiebot cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
Among other things, your IP address (in anonymized form, the last 3 digits are set to 0), the date and time of your consent, our website URL, technical browser data, an encrypted anonymous key and the cookies you have allowed (as proof of consent) are processed.
The privacy policy of Cookiebot can be found here:
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
Gong
In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong.io Inc., 265 Cambridge Ave, Suite 60717, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy at
https://www.gong.io/privacy-policy
.
Facebook Lead Ads
We use Facebook Lead Ads from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Users may submit their contact information to us through certain advertisements, which we then process for promotional and advertising purposes. For more information visit:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms
LinkedIn, meaning LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland, offers Ads that allow people to submit their contact and other information to us ("Lead Gen Forms").  We process the data transmitted to us for advertising purposes. You entered data will also be processed by LinkedIn. For more information visit:
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Rollbar
To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 665 3rd St Ste 150, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard. For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy
.
Pendo
Pendo is an analysis service of Pendo.io Inc. 301 Hillsborough Street, Suite 1900, Raleigh, NC 27603, USA that we use to evaluate the use of our Adjust Dashboard, generate reports on activities, analyze behavioral metrics and improve the experience. The tool collects the Adjust Dashboard user name, email-address, country and region as well as usage data when using our Adjust Dashboard. You can find more information in Pendo's privacy policy at
www.pendo.io/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Facebook Page
We operate a Facebook page (so-called "Fanpage") on Facebook, a service of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
Meta collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights," to site operators to help them gain insight into how people interact with their sites and the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices users use, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. for the collection and processing of data of visitors to our Fanpage. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our Fanpage, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities., art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have therefore concluded a joint controller agreement with Meta regarding the processing of your data pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO. The agreement with Meta also regulates in particular which security measures Meta must observe and that Meta must fulfill the data subject rights.
You can find more information about page insights as well as information on how to assert your data subject rights in the "
Information on page insights
". You can view the terms and conditions of the contract concluded with Meta
here
. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
LinkedIn Page
We operate a LinkedIn page on LinkedIn, a service of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
LinkedIn collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights", to site operators to help them understand how people interact with their pages and with the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content that users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices used by users, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company for the collection and processing of information about visitors to our page. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our LinkedIn Page, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities, art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. We have therefore concluded an agreement with LinkedIn on joint responsibility with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with art. 26 GDPR. In particular, the agreement with LinkedIn also regulates which security measures LinkedIn must observe and that LinkedIn must comply with the rights of data subjects.
You can find further information on the Page-Insights as well as instructions on how to assert your data subject rights in the privacy policy of LinkedIn (
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
). The terms of the agreement concluded with LinkedIn can be viewed here (
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
).
4. Processing of data through the Adjust technology
We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our "Customers"). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the "End User" or "You"), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.
Our SDK and APIs (collectively the "Adjust Technology") may process some of the following data from You as the End User:
●        IP address
●        Mobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiers
●        User Agent
●        Installation and first opening of an app on Your mobile device
●        Your interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
●        Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked on
●        For the Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version
We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to measure their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customers’ apps. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to measure Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust Technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust Technology into their mobile app.
We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust Technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers. In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data. For more information, please contact us.
Customers who have
child-directed apps
must choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our
Terms and Conditions
accordingly.
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Sub-policy 9
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
Sub-policy 10
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy:
blank
blank
blank
blank
blank
Skip to content
Terms & Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Support Policy
Premier Services Policy
Cookie Policy
Security Policy
Subprocessors List
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Academy Terms
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Trademark Usage
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
Terms of Service
Definitions
Intercom Services
Customer Data and Customer Obligations
Security
Third-Party Platforms and Third Party Messaging Apps
Ownership
Subscription Term, Fees & Payment
Term and Termination
Limited Warranty
Availability
Support
Limitation of Remedies and Damages
Indemnification
Confidential Information
Publicity
General Terms
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Purpose and Scope
Personal Data Collected by Intercom
How and Why We Use Your Personal Data
Sharing Your Personal Data
Retention of Your Personal Data
Transfers of Your Personal Data
How We Store and Safeguard Personal Data
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Children’s Privacy
Changes to this Notice and Questions
Collection and Use of Personal Data of California Residents
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Scope
RDH Services
Exhibit A to the RDH Addendum: European Data Hosting
Exhibit B to the RDH Addendum: Australian Data Hosting
Support Policy
Premier Services Policy
Cookie Policy
Introduction
Cookies and similar technologies and the processing of personal data
What are cookies?
Why do we use cookies?
What type of cookies do we use and what are they used for?
Security Policy
Overview
Security Team
Best Practices
Infrastructure
Data
Data Transfer
Authentication
Permissions and Admin Controls
Application Monitoring
Security Audits and Certifications
Customer Responsibilities
Subprocessors List
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms
Permission to Use the Site
User Content
Restrictions on User Content and Your Conduct
Intellectual Property Rights in User Content
User Content You Post Becomes Public
We Are Not Responsible for User Content
Proprietary Rights
Enforcement of Copyrights
Notify Us of Infringers
How to Communicate with Us
Site Availability
Links to Other Sites
Warranty Disclaimer
Limitation of Liability
Indemnity
Termination and Suspension
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
General Terms
Academy Terms
Intercom Academy Terms
Access
Participant Responsibilities
Restrictions on Use
Badges
Ownership
Feedback
Privacy
Suspension and Termination
Disclaimer
Modifications
Independent Contractors
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Our Code Of Conduct
Speak Up
Potential Consequences Of Code Violations
Promote Labor, Employment, And Immigration Compliance
Prevent Harassment And Discrimination
Conflicts Of Interest
Keep Clear And Accurate Financial Records
Business Partner Relationships
Zero-Tolerance For Corruption
Avoid Improper Gifts And Entertainment
Respect Trade Controls
Keep Intercom Secrets Safe
Protect Intercom Assets And Promote Our Solutions
Protect Our Employee And Customer Information
Fair Competition
Use Social Media Responsibly
Promote Sustainability
Protect And Celebrate Our Culture
Trademark Usage
Intercom Marks and License
Permissible Use of the Intercom Marks
Impermissible Use of the Intercom Marks
Termination
Ownership
No Warranties
Your Liability for Third-Party Claims
Additional Legal
Questions
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Summary
Bribery and Kickbacks
Records and Reporting
Applicability and Enforcement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Labor and Employment Laws
Anti Corruption Laws
Competition
International Trade and Export Controls
Recordkeeping, Financial Integrity, and Honest and Accurate Dealings
Intellectual Property and Confidential Information
Raising Issues and Concerns
Certification and Application
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
Effective day
1 November 2024
1. PURPOSE AND SCOPE
1.1 At Intercom, we respect your privacy and data protection rights and recognize the importance of protecting the personal data we collect and process. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you to understand what personal data we collect about you and how we use and share it.
1.2 When we refer to Intercom, we mean Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, a company registered in Ireland with offices at 124 St Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, DC02 C628; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Intercom Software UK Limited, a private limited company registered in the United Kingdom ("
UK
") with offices at Level 9, the Warehouse 207-211 Old St, London, EC1V 9NR UK; Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd, a company registered in Australia with offices at 285A Crown St. Surry Hills NSW 2010, Australia, 1st Floor, Sydney, and Intercom's group companies ("
Intercom
", "
we
", "
us
", "
our
").
1.3 This Privacy Policy applies to you if you:
interact with any of Intercom’s websites (including
www.intercom.com
and
www.intercom.io
) or our social media pages (collectively, the "Sites") ("
website users
");
visit any of Intercom’s premises ("
office visitors
");
attend an Intercom event or an event which Intercom sponsors ("
event attendees
");
use Intercom's communication and messaging products, customer workspaces, mobile applications, and our other applications and services (collectively, the "
Intercom Services
") ("
customers
");
are a marketing prospect, who is anyone whose data Intercom processes for the purposes of assessing customer eligibility ("
marketing prospect
"); or
receive marketing communications from Intercom.
The below Privacy Policy applies to you irrespective of where you are based. There are certain additional parts of the Privacy Policy that will apply to you where you are a resident of the EEA, UK, Switzerland, or California. These additional parts do not apply to everyone.
1.4 For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (or any successor or equivalent legislation in the UK) ("
GDPR
"), either Intercom R&D Unlimited Company or Intercom, Inc., Intercom Software UK Limited, Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd, or any other Intercom group company from time to time, is the controller of your personal data.
2. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED BY INTERCOM
2.1 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND RECEIVE
The personal data that we collect about you broadly falls into the categories set out in the following table. Some of this information you provide voluntarily when you interact with the Intercom Services and Sites, or when you attend an event or visit our premises. Other types of information may be collected automatically from your device, such as device data and service data. From time to time, we may also receive personal data about you from third party sources (as further described in the table).
Registration, contact, and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
avatars;
company name;
your role in your company.
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
browser type;
screen resolution;
IP address;
unique device identifiers.
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the Intercom Services;
how long you spent on a page or screen;
how you interact with our emails;
navigation paths between pages or screens;
date and time;
pages viewed;
links clicked.
Third party source data:
profile information gathered from social networking sites;
information that you have viewed or interacted with our content;
company information;
job titles;
avatars;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
addresses;
approximate geolocation data.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
contact enrichment and lead generation providers; and
targeted online advertising providers
Registration, contact and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
company name;
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Visitation Data
time and date of arrival;
photograph ID;
signature;
CCTV footage.
Registration, contact and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
Visitation Data
time and date of arrival;
photograph ID;
signature;
CCTV footage.
Third party source data:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
The event organizer
Registration and contact information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
browser type and language;
screen resolution;
IP address;
unique device identifiers.
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the services;
how long you spent on a page or screen;
navigation paths between pages or screens;
session date and time;
activity status (including first seen, last seen, last heard from - and last contacted);
pages viewed;
links clicked;
language preferences
tags applied within customer accounts
Intercom assigned user identifier.
Third party source data
profile information gathered from social networking sites;
information that you have viewed or interacted with our content;
company information;
job titles;
avatars;
email addresses;
phone number;
approximate geolocation data.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
Our identity resolution and insight management provider; and
Our geolocation IP intelligence provider
2.2 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some device data, service data and third party source data is collected through the use of first or third party cookies and similar technologies. The Intercom Messenger service (and specifically the domains widget.intercom.io and api-iam.intercom.io) does not collect, retain, or share data regarding a particular user's activity across multiple websites or applications that are not owned by Intercom. Intercom does assign each user a unique user ID within the scope of an individual website, but does not collect or retain IP or any information that would allow Intercom to identify the same particular user on more than one website. For more information, please see Intercom's
Cookie Policy
.
Do Not Track
. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
3. HOW AND WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1 We collect and process your personal data for the following purposes and, if you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), the UK or Switzerland, on the following legal bases:
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to perform our contract with you for use of our Services and Sites and to fulfill our obligations under applicable terms of service. Where we have not entered into a contract with you, we process your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests to operate and administer the Intercom Services and Sites. For example, to create, administer and manage your account.
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
: We may send you service, technical and other administrative messages in reliance on our legitimate interests in administering the Intercom Services. For example, we may send you messages about the availability or security of the Intercom Services. We also process your personal data to respond to your comments and questions and to provide customer care and support. When we have entered into an agreement with you, we process your personal data as necessary to meet our contractual obligations to you.
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to improve and optimize the Intercom Services and Sites and to understand how you use the Intercom Services and Sites, including to monitor usage or traffic patterns and to analyze trends and develop new products, services, features and functionality in reliance on our legitimate interests or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your consent.
Sending marketing communications
: We process your personal data to send you marketing communications via email, post or SMS about our products, services and upcoming events that might interest you in reliance on our legitimate interests or where we seek your consent. Please see the "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section below to learn how you can control your marketing preferences.
Registering office visitors
: We process your personal data for security reasons and for the purpose of hosting your visit to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in protecting our premises and confidential information against unauthorized access and the safety of our staff and office visitors.
Managing event registrations and attendance
: We process your personal data to plan and host events for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you. This processing is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring the successful organization of the event, as well as providing you with relevant information regarding your participation.
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to control unauthorized use or abuse of the Intercom Services and Sites, or otherwise detect, investigate or prevent activities that may violate Intercom policies or applicable laws, in reliance on our legitimate interests to maintain and promote the safety and security of the Intercom Sites and Services.
Displaying personalized advertisements
: We process your personal data to advertise to you and to provide personalized information, including by serving and managing advertisements on our Sites and on third party sites, in reliance on our legitimate interests to support our marketing activities and advertise our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your consent.
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
: including invoicing, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention. This processing is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring efficient business operations and on the necessity to comply with legal obligations.
Complying with legal obligations
: We process your personal data when cooperating or complying with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our obligations under applicable laws and to protect against imminent harm to our rights, property or safety, or that of our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
3.2 In certain circumstances, we may collect your personal data on a different legal basis. If we do, or if we use your personal data for purposes that are not compatible with, or are materially different than, the purposes described in this notice or the point of collection, we will explain how and why we use your personal data in a supplementary notice at or before the point of collection. Where we refer to legal bases in this section we mean the legal grounds on which organizations can rely when processing personal data.
3.3 Please note these legal bases only apply to you if you are resident in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland.
3.4 If you have any questions about our legal bases for processing your personal data, please contact us through our
Privacy Request Form
.
4. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4.1 We may disclose some or all of the personal data we collect to the following third parties:
To Intercom Group Companies:
Intercom Inc.;
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company;
Intercom Software UK Limited;
Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd;
Any such other group companies, as may be added to this list from time to time.
Service Providers:
Consultants and vendors engaged by us to support our provision of the Intercom Services and Sites and the operation of our business;
Any such other Service Providers, as may be added to the
Subprocessor list
, from time to time.
Advertising Partners:
Third party advertising companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your activity on the Intercom Services and other online services over time to serve you online targeted advertisements, including the companies listed in the third-party cookies section of our
Cookie Policy
.
Professional Advisors:
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors and insurers, in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Compliance with Law Enforcement:
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
Business Transfers:
Parties to transactions or potential transactions (and their professional advisors) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business, assets, or equity interests of Intercom Group Companies (including, as part of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
4.2
Aggregated or anonymized information
. We may also share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties for other purposes. Such information does not identify you individually, but may include usage, viewing and technical information such as the websites you generally use, the configuration of your computer, and performance metrics related to the use of websites which we collect through our technology, products and services. If we are required under applicable law to treat such information as personal data, then we will only disclose it as described above. Otherwise, we may disclose such information for any reason.
4.3
Third party websites
. The Sites may also contain links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information processed by us. You should contact the relevant third party websites for more information about how your personal data is processed by them.
5. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5.1 We retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
5.2 Note that content you post may remain on the Sites even if you cease using the Sites or we terminate access to the Sites.
6. TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
6.1 The Intercom Services and Sites, and our messenger domains are provided and hosted in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, we may transfer, and process, your personal data outside of the country in which you are resident to other Intercom Group Companies and our service providers including to, Ireland, the UK, Australia and other such countries as we deem appropriate from time to time. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). We will protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy wherever it is processed.
6.2 Certain recipients (our service providers and other companies) who process your personal data on our behalf may also transfer personal data outside the country in which you are resident. Where such transfers occur, we will make sure that an appropriate transfer agreement is put in place to protect your personal data.
6.3 If you are a resident of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we will protect your personal data when it is transferred outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland by processing it in a territory which the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection for personal data; or otherwise ensuring appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data. For transfers of your personal data to:
Intercom Group Companies based in the US, we rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“
UK-U.S. DPF
”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
;
other Intercom Group Companies based outside of the US, we rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA); and
recipients who are located outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we rely on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK-U.S. DPF or Swiss-U.S. DPF where those recipients are located in the US or for onward transfers from the US, and otherwise we rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA).
6.4 Intercom, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Intercom, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to (i) the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK-U.S. DPF and (ii) the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
6.5 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intercom, Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Intercom through our
Privacy Request Form
.
6.6 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intercom, Inc. commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (“
DPAs
“), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (“
GRA
“) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“
FDPIC
“) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Under certain conditions, it may be possible to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, see
here
for additional information.
Intercom, Inc. remains responsible if its service provider, when acting on its behalf, processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Intercom, Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
7. HOW WE STORE AND SAFEGUARD PERSONAL DATA
We care about protecting personal data. That is why we put in place appropriate measures that are designed to secure your personal data. You can find out more about our technical and organizational safeguards on our Security page:
https://www.intercom.com/security
.
8. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
8.1 Depending on your location and subject to applicable laws, you may have certain data protection rights. If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time.
You can object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data or request portability of your personal data.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the communications we send you. Please note, however, that it may not be possible to opt-out of certain service-related communications. You can let us know at any time if you do not wish to receive marketing messages by contacting us on the Intercom Messenger or by contacting us using the contact details below.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and the UK are available
here
.
8.2 You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request through our
Privacy Request Form
.
8.3 If you are a California resident, you can find information about how we use your personal data and about your privacy rights in
Section 11
of this notice.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Services and Sites are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. Intercom does not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, you may not attempt to register for our Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from someone under the age of 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information promptly. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under 16 and believe that a child has provided us with their personal data, please contact us through our Privacy Request Form.
10. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND QUESTIONS
10.1 We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update it, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. If we make material updates to this Privacy Policy we will update the effective date at the top of the Privacy Policy.
10.2 We have appointed a Data Protection Officer responsible for managing and addressing inquiries related to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the way your personal data is being used or processed by Intercom, please contact us through our Privacy Request Form or by using the Contact Us link in the footer of this page.
11. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
11.1 SCOPE
Except as otherwise provided, this Section 11 applies only if you are a California resident. For purposes of this section, "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act ("
CCPA
"), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("
CPRA
"), and any regulations promulgated under either law, in each case, as amended from time to time.
This Section 11 does not apply to;
information exempted from the scope of the CCPA;
activities governed by a different privacy notice, such as notices we give to California personnel or job candidates; or
Personal Information we collect, use, and share on behalf of our customers as a "
service provider
" under the CCPA.
11.2 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have the following rights:
Right to Information/Know
You can request whether we have collected your Personal Information, and in certain cases, the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, sharing, and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom Personal Information was sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Right to Correction
. You can request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Right to Opt-Out of Tracking for Targeted Advertising Purposes
. While we do not sell Personal Information for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver targeted ads (also known as interest-based ads) to you, as we have described in the “How and Why We Use Your Personal Data” section above. The CCPA classifies our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services, from which you have the right to opt-out.
Right to Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination prohibited by the CCPA.
11.3 HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
Right to Information/Know, Access, Correction, and Deletion
. You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request through our
Privacy Request Form
or by mailing us at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA, Attention: Compliance.
Right to Opt-Out of Tracking for Targeted Advertising Purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by using our
Your Privacy Choices
. Your request to opt-out will apply only to the browser and the device from which you submit the request.
Verification of Identity
. We will need to verify your identity to process your information/know, access, correction, and deletion requests and reserve the right to confirm your California residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into an Intercom online account (if applicable), provide government identification, give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information. These rights are not absolute, and in some instances, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Authorized Agents
. Your authorized agent may make a request on your behalf upon our verification of the agent's identity and our receipt of a copy of the valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to California Probate Code Sections 4000-4465. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, you must provide your agent with written and signed permission to exercise your CCPA rights on your behalf, provide the information we request to verify your identity and provide us with written confirmation that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
11.4 PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE
The table below describes our Personal Information practices by reference to the categories in the “Personal Data Collected by Intercom” section above and the categories described in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140(v)) and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described below. Note that:
We do not “sell” personal information as defined by the CCPA and have not sold Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes that California residents have a right to limit under the CCPA.
CCPA statutory category
Personal Information “PI” we collect in this category
Business/commercial purpose for collection
Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose
Categories of third parties with whom we “share” PI
Identifiers
Registration, contact, and company information
Visitation data
Third party source data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Professional or employment- related data
Registration, contact, and company information
Third party source data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Financial information
Payment information
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Internet or network information
Device data
Service data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Sensory information
Registration, contact, and company information
Visitation data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Inferences
Data derived from the above categories
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
This site uses cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") as strictly necessary for site operation. We and our partners also would like to set additional cookies to enable site performance analytics, functionality, advertising and social media features. See our
Cookie Policy
for details. You can change your cookie preferences in our Cookie Settings.
Reject All
Accept All
Manage your cookies
Sub-policy 11
https://preferences.intercom.com/privacy:
blank
blank
blank
blank
blank
Skip to content
Type of Request
Right to know/information
Right to data access
Right to data rectification/correction
Right to data deletion/erasure
Right to restriction of data processing
Right to object to processing
Right to data portability
Right to opt out of tracking for targeted advertising
Other
*50 characters max
Please select this box if you have applied for a job or have worked for Intercom and you are invoking your rights in an employment capacity.
Contact Information
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Place of Residence
Country
Andorra
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Antigua and Barbuda
Anguilla
Albania
Armenia
Angola
Antarctica
Argentina
American Samoa
Austria
Australia
Aruba
Aland
Azerbaijan
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Barbados
Bangladesh
Belgium
Burkina Faso
Bulgaria
Bahrain
Burundi
Benin
Saint Barthelemy
Bermuda
Brunei
Bolivia
Bonaire
Brazil
Bahamas
Bhutan
Bouvet Island
Botswana
Belarus
Belize
Canada
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Central African Republic
Republic of the Congo
Switzerland
Ivory Coast
Cook Islands
Chile
Cameroon
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cuba
Cape Verde
Curacao
Christmas Island
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Germany
Djibouti
Denmark
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Algeria
Ecuador
Estonia
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Spain
Ethiopia
Finland
Fiji
Falkland Islands
Micronesia
Faroe Islands
France
Gabon
United Kingdom
Grenada
Georgia
French Guiana
Guernsey
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greenland
Gambia
Guinea
Guadeloupe
Equatorial Guinea
Greece
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Guatemala
Guam
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Hong Kong
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Croatia
Haiti
Hungary
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Isle of Man
India
British Indian Ocean Territory
Iraq
Iran
Iceland
Italy
Jersey
Jamaica
Jordan
Japan
Kenya
Kyrgyzstan
Cambodia
Kiribati
Comoros
Saint Kitts and Nevis
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Cayman Islands
Kazakhstan
Laos
Lebanon
Saint Lucia
Liechtenstein
Sri Lanka
Liberia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Latvia
Libya
Morocco
Monaco
Moldova
Montenegro
Saint Martin
Madagascar
Marshall Islands
North Macedonia
Mali
Myanmar (Burma)
Mongolia
Macao
Northern Mariana Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Montserrat
Malta
Mauritius
Maldives
Malawi
Mexico
Malaysia
Mozambique
Namibia
New Caledonia
Niger
Norfolk Island
Nigeria
Nicaragua
Netherlands
Norway
Nepal
Nauru
Niue
New Zealand
Oman
Panama
Peru
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Pakistan
Poland
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Pitcairn Islands
Puerto Rico
Palestine
Portugal
Palau
Paraguay
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Serbia
Russia
Rwanda
Saudi Arabia
Solomon Islands
Seychelles
Sudan
Sweden
Singapore
Saint Helena
Slovenia
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Slovakia
Sierra Leone
San Marino
Senegal
Somalia
Suriname
South Sudan
Sao Tome and Principe
El Salvador
Sint Maarten
Syria
Eswatini
Turks and Caicos Islands
Chad
French Southern Territories
Togo
Thailand
Tajikistan
Tokelau
East Timor
Turkmenistan
Tunisia
Tonga
Turkey
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Taiwan
Tanzania
Ukraine
Uganda
U.S. Minor Outlying Islands
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Venezuela
British Virgin Islands
U.S. Virgin Islands
Vietnam
Vanuatu
Wallis and Futuna
Samoa
Kosovo
Yemen
Mayotte
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Submit
About your personal information
The information you provide here will be processed solely for the purpose of verifying
          your identity and residency, locating personal information related to you, and completing
          your request.
How we process your request
We intend on completing your request without undue delay and within the required amount of time
based on governing law, however, if fulfilling your request requires more time, we will notify you of our
need to extend the timeline. The processing of this request is free of charge. Please note that we
may refuse to act, as allowed within governing laws, if a request is insufficiently substantiated,
unfounded, or excessive. If we are unable to process your request, we will notify you and provide the
reason why.
Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") as strictly necessary for site operation. We and our partners also would like to set additional cookies to enable site performance analytics, functionality, advertising and social media features. See our
Cookie Policy
for details. You can change your cookie preferences in our Cookie Settings.
Reject All
Accept All
Manage your cookies
Sub-policy 12
https://vk.com/privacy?ysclid=lqc1rhq5r269973004:
Phone or email
Password
Sign in
Sign up
Music
Videos
Communities
Mini apps
Games
Mobile app
Recommendation technologies used
1.1.
These Rules are an official document of LLC "V Kontakte" with the address at: prem. 1-N, bld. 12-14, Lit. A, Khersonskaya st., St. Petersburg, Russia, 191024 (hereinafter the Site Administration) and determine the method of processing and protecting information on the individuals using
https://vk.com/
web-site (hereinafter the Site) and its services (hereinafter the Users).
1.2.
The purpose of these Rules is to ensure due protection of the user information, including personal data, from unauthorized access and disclosure.
1.3.
The relations connected with the collection, storage, distribution and protection of the Site users information are governed by these Rules, other official documents of the Site Administration and effective Russian legislation.
1.4.
The current version of the Rules, which are a public document, is available to any Internet user by clicking
https://vk.com/privacy
. The Site Administration has the right to modify these Rules. In case changes are made to these Rules, the Site Administration shall notify the users by posting the new version of the Rules on the Site permanently at
https://vk.com/privacy
not later than 10 days before such changes become effective. The previous versions of the Rules are stored in the Site Administration’s documentation archive.
1.5.
These Rules have been developed and are used in accordance with the Site Use Rules available at
https://vk.com/terms
. In case of contradictions between these Rules and other official documents of the Site Administration, these Rules will prevail.
1.6.
By registering and using the Site the User agrees with the conditions of these Rules.
1.7.
In case the User disagrees with the conditions of these Rules, the use of the Site and its services must be stopped immediately.
1.8.
In case a separate User’s consent to personal data processing is required in accordance with the law in connection with the Website use, such consent is requested from the User only in relation to the Website use. Making request for one specified consent for all social networks and social interaction platforms is not allowed.
2.1.
By making available the Site and its services (hereinafter the Site Services), the Site Administration, acting reasonably and in good faith, believes that the User:
has all necessary rights to register on and use this Site;
provides true information about himself (herself) to the extent necessary for use of the Site Services;
understands that the personal information posted by the User may become available to other Site Users and Internet users, be copied and disseminated by such users;
understands that some types of information transferred by him / her to other Users cannot be deleted by the User himself / herself;
is aware of and accepts these Rules and assumes the rights and obligations provided by these Rules.
2.2.
The Site Administration does not check the user information received (collected), except where such check is necessary in order for the Site Administration to fulfill its obligations to the User.
The Site Administration processes information on the Users, including their personal data, in order to fulfill the Site Administration’s obligations to the Users regarding use of the Site and its services.
4.
User information
4.1.
Users’ personal data The Users’ personal data include:
4.1.1.
data that are provided by the Users and are minimally necessary for registering on the Site: name, surname, sex, mobile phone number and/or email;
4.1.2.
data that are provided by the Users using the edit section for their Site pages
https://vk.com/edit
(including family status, date of birth, native city, family relations, home address, education details);
4.1.3.
data that are provided by the Users additionally at the Site Administration’s request to enable the Site Administration to fulfill its obligations to the Users under the Site Service contract (e.g., in case the User requests restoration of his / her page that is not linked to a mobile phone number). Among other things, the Site Administration has the right to request that the User produce a copy of the identity document or another document containing the User’s name, surname, photograph as well as other additional information which, at the discretion of the Site Administration, is necessary and sufficient to identify such User and prevent abuses and infringements of third parties’ rights.
4.1.4.
In order to fulfil the agreement with the User to provide individual services by the Website  Administration, in particular VK Health services (hereinafter referred to as VK Health), provided in accordance with the
Terms of Use of VK Health
service and the
VK Health User Information Protection Rules
, which are part of these Terms of Use for Users of the said service, the Website  Administration may process the following information if the User provides access to it on their device: physical activity data, including steps, distance traveled, speed, pace, calories burned, exercise data, according to the training plan, from various integrated APIs.
4.2.
Other User information processed by the Site Administration The Site Administration may also process other User information including:
4.2.1.
additional data received while accessing the Site, including information regarding technical devices, technical interaction with the Site (as for a host IP-address, user's operating system, type of a browser, geographic position, the Internet provider, contacts, data obtained accessing the camera, microphone and similar devices) and further Users' actions on the Site. Information containing the Site activity history is available for User in "Settings / Security";
4.2.2.
information that is automatically received at the time of access to the Site with the use of cookies;
4.2.3.
information that is created by the users on the Site outside the page edit section
https://vk.com/edit
(including statuses, entries in the microblog (“Wall”), pictures, audio recordings, video recordings, comments, entries in the group discussions);
4.2.4.
information that is received as the result of the User’s actions on the Site (in particular, joining / leaving a group, adding other Users to the friends list, posting pictures, participation / refusal to participate in meetings, adding video recordings). This User information can be available to all of the User's friends in the My News section in accordance with the User's settings;
4.2.5.
information that is received as the result of other Users’ actions on the Site (in particular, notes made on the video recordings and pictures by other Users).
4.2.6.
When the User uses the functionality of the Site’s mobile client, which makes it possible to superimpose virtual masks on facial images from the User’s device camera, the Site Administration uses technologies (such as ARKit) for real-time face tracking in space and detecting points on the face in order to apply a virtual mask. At the same time, the Site Administration does not collect, store, or share with third parties any information about face data, and only accesses the image from the User’s device camera using these technologies in order to provide the functionality of the Site’s mobile client.
5.1. The personal data are processed according to the following principles:
a) lawful purposes and methods of personal data processing;
b) good faith;
c) the purposes of personal data processing meet the purposes determined in advance and declared at the time of personal data collection as well as to the Site Administration’s powers;
d) the scope and nature of the personal data being processed and the methods of personal data processing meet the purposes of personal data processing;
e) it is unacceptable to unify personal data bases created for incompatible purposes.
5.1.1.
Conditions and purposes of personal data processing
The Site Administration processes the User’s personal data for the purpose of performance of the contract between the Site Administration and the User for the Site Services (clause 2.2 of the VK.com Terms of Service
https://vk.com/terms
). By virtue of Article 6 of Federal Law “On Personal Data” No. 152-FZ of July 27, 2006, no separate consent of the User for the processing of his / her personal data is required.
5.1.2.
Personal data collection
The User’s personal data are collected on the Site at the time of registration and also subsequently as the User enters additional information about himself / herself on his / her own initiative, using the Site tools.
The personal data mentioned in clause 4.1.1 hereof are provided by the User and are minimally necessary for registration.
The personal data mentioned in clause 4.1.2 hereof are provided by the User additionally on his / her own initiative using the Edit tab in the My Page section.
5.1.3.
Storage and use of personal data
The Users’ personal data are stored only on electronic media and are processed with the use of automated systems, except where a non-automated processing of personal data is necessary in connection with legal requirements.
5.1.4.
Personal data transfer
The personal data of Users is not transferred to any third parties, with the exception of cases expressly provided for by these Rules.
If the User indicates agreement or has provided consent, it is possible to transfer the personal data of the User to third parties, counterparties of the Website Administration with the condition that such counterparties assume the obligation to ensure the confidentiality of the information received, in particular when using applications.
Applications used by users on the Website are hosted and supported by third parties (developers) who act independently of the Website Administration and do not act on behalf of or at the direction of the Website Administration. In this case, the data shall be transferred with the consent of the User, provided in the form of an implicative action when the application is run and/or used for the first time (in particular, by pressing a corresponding button if it exists). Users are required to independently familiarize themselves with the Service Provision Rules and the Privacy Policy of such third parties (developers) before using the relevant applications.
Actions of such third parties (developers) are governed by the official document of the Website Administration — “Application Publishing Terms”.
Provision of personal data of the Users at the request of state bodies (local authorities) is performed in the manner prescribed by the legislation. In order to fulfill the agreement between the User and the Website Administration and provide the User with access to the Website functionality, the Website Administration develops the services and products that will be provided, develops and implements new services and products, optimizes the quality of services and products, improves the available functionality of the Website and services. In order to ensure the implementation of mentioned purposes, the User agrees that the Website Administration, subject to compliance with applicable legislation, can send them transactional messages for receiving feedback (including surveys) through the Website Administration's Services and/or third-parties: electronic messages, SMS and other types of mailings, and can collect, store, accumulate, organize, retrieve, compare, use, fill out (clarify) their data, and will receive/transmit from/to affiliates and partners the results of the automated processing of such data using various models of information assessment, in the form of an integer and/or text values and identifiers corresponding to the evaluation criteria specified in requests, in order to process data by the Website Administration and/or the parties referred to in this clause.
The Website Administration instructs VK LLC (OGRN 1027739850962, 39 bldg 79, Leningradskiy prospect, Moscow, Russia, 125167) to process the User data collected by the Website, to the extent listed in these Terms of Use, including their processing together with the User data that are already at the disposal of VK LLC, to the extent listed in the Privacy Policy(-ies) of VK LLC Service(s) used by the User, in order to improve the quality of services provided by the Website, namely: to satisfy the User’s interests by displaying information relevant to the User’s interests, on-target advertising (showing information relevant to his/her interests), and generating generalized statistical/analytical information.
The VKontakte Website is a VK Ecosystem Service. Registration and/or authentication on the Website using the VK ID tool means acceptance of the VK Ecosystem User Agreement, which is publicly available at
https://id.vk.com/terms
, and VK Ecosystem Privacy Policy, which is publicly available at
https://id.vk.com/privacy
.
In order to use the VK ID tool and provide services and/or provide rights and possibility of using VK Ecosystem Services and tools, the User hereby agrees and instructs the Website Administration to transfer and receive personal data and other information about the User to/from VK Ecosystem Services and tools, for subsequent collection, storage, accumulation, systematization, extraction, comparison, use of such data, and filling out of such data with VK Ecosystem Services/tools in the scope indicated in the VK ID personal account.
In order to provide Users located outside the territory of the Russian Federation with relevant advertising, the Website Administration uses the Google AdMob and SDK AppLovin MAX services. In addition, in order to adapt and improve advertisements, the IP address and advertising ID of the User's device are sent to the specified services, taking into account the requirements of the current legislation of the Russian Federation.
5.1.5.
Deletion of personal data
The User’s personal data are deleted in case:
– the User himself / herself removes data from his / her personal page;
– the User himself / herself removes his / her personal page, using the Remove My Page functionality available to the User in the My Settings section;
– the Site Administration removes the information posted by the User as well as the User’s Page as provided by the VK.com Terms of Service
https://vk.com/terms
(sub-clauses 7.2.2 and 8.6).
In case of the personal page removal, the Site Administration stores the User’s personal data on its electronic media for the time period needed and established by the current legislation of the Russian Federation. In case the User himself / herself removes his / her personal page, the User has the right to restore his / her personal page within 210 days after the personal page is removed in settings
https://vk.com/settings
.
5.2.
Publishing any content on his / her own personal page including personal information the User understands and accepts that this information may be available to other Internet users taking into account the architecture and functionality of the Site. The User determines on his / her own the confidentiality mode and conditions of access to the information mentioned in sub-clauses 4.2.3 – 4.2.5 hereof by means of appropriate settings. The Site Administration takes technical and organizational measures to ensure that the appropriate Site tools are functional.
6.1. The User has the right to:
6.1.1.
access their information without restrictions and free of charge by loading his / her personal page on the Site with the use of login and password;
6.1.2.
establish, using the Site tools, the desired confidentiality level for his / her information (conditions of access to information) in accordance with clause 6.3 hereof;
6.1.3.
independently make changes and corrections to his / her information on the User’s personal page on the Site, provided that such changes and corrections contain up-to-date and true information;
6.1.4.
remove his / her information from his / her personal page on the Site;
6.1.5.
request that the Site Administration update, block or delete his / her personal data, if such data are incomplete, outdated, untrue, unlawfully received or are not necessary for the declared purpose of processing or if the actions specified in sub-clauses 6.1.3 and 6.1.4 hereof cannot be implemented independently;
6.1.6.
request information from the Site Administration regarding the processing of his / her personal data.
6.2.
As the Site is an all-in-one means of communication and search for people and the key function of the Site is to restore and maintain contacts with old and new acquaintances, the following information on the registered User is always available to any registered Site User:
6.2.1.
User’s surname and name;
6.2.2.
date of birth, profile photograph, city, name of the higher educational institution the User currently attends or has graduated from, year (planned year) of graduation from the higher educational institution, name of the university department the User currently attends or has graduated from, and the User’s entries in the microblog (“Wall”), if the User has posted this information on the Site in the My Page section;
6.2.3.
information on the User’s subscriptions and subscribers;
6.2.4.
list of the User’s friends, except the limited list of friends the User preferred to hide.
6.3.
User’s adjustment of the confidentiality level for his / her information
6.3.1.
The User may, subject to the limitations under clause 6.2 hereof, set one of the following confidentiality levels for his / her personal data (clause 4.1 hereof) as well as for the information mentioned in sub-clause 4.2.3 hereof:
a) information available to all of the Site Users;
b) information available to all of the Site Users, except specific Users;
c) information available to the persons having the status of the User’s friends on the Site as well as to the persons having the status of their friends;
d) information available only to the persons having the status of the User’s friends on the Site;
e) information available only to some persons having the status of the User’s friends on the Site;
f) information available to some lists of friends (in case the User has created at least one list of friends using the Create List tool in the My Friends section);
g) information available only to the User.
6.3.2.
For the information mentioned in clause 6.2 hereof, the User may set one of the following confidentiality levels:
a) information available to all Internet users and indexed by the search systems;
b) information available only to the Site Users;
c) information available to all Internet users but not indexed by the search systems.
6.3.3.
The Site Administration bears no liability for the disclosure of the User’s personal data by other Site Users who have accessed such data in accordance with the confidentiality level selected by the User.
6.3.4.
In case of personal data (other user information) removal from the User’s personal page or removal of the User’s personal page from the Site, the User’s information copied by other Users or stored on other Users’ pages is preserved.
6.3.5.
To make sure that the selected confidentiality level is correct, the User may, using the Site tools, watch his / her personal page being viewed by other Users.
7.1.
The Site Administration takes technical, organizational and legal measures to ensure that the User’s personal data are protected from unauthorized or accidental access, deletion, modification, blocking, copying, dissemination as well as from other unauthorized actions.
7.2.
Access to the Site is authorized using the User’s login (email address or mobile phone number) and password. The User is responsible for keeping this information confidential. The User may not transfer his / her login and password to third parties and is also obliged to take measures for keeping them confidential.
7.3.
To improve the Users' information protection, the Site Administration uses a system that links the page to the mobile phone number. To implement this system, the User must provide the Site Administration with his / her mobile phone number. Under the system that links the page to the mobile phone number, in case of loss of the login or password the User can restore access to the page using the restoration code contained in the SMS message that the User receives on his / her mobile phone. To reduce the probability of third parties using the Users' logins and passwords to send spam in their name, in case the User’s login and password are entered from a server unusual for the User (in particular, from a server located in a foreign country), the Site Administration blocks entry to the User’s personal page by a message requiring to provide certain digits of the User's mobile phone number. After three unsuccessful attempts to enter the digits, access to the personal page from that server is blocked for 4 hours.
The Site Administration also has the right to call the User’s phone number for the purpose of registration, authorization, confirmation of the phone number linked to the User’s personal page (verification), and restoring access to the User’s personal page using flash call verification. After receiving the flash call, the User must enter a code consisting of the last 4 digits of the incoming phone number in the corresponding window. Depending on the operating system of the User’s mobile device, the code could be automatically entered into the corresponding window, but only after the User gives permission for their call history on their mobile device to be accessed. This permission is given by clicking the “Allow” button or a similar button. Access to the User’s call history on their mobile device is used for the purpose of automating code entry and protecting against spam and mass registration.
7.4.
The User has the right to receive information as to at what time and from what devices the access to his / her personal page was authorized, using the Show activity history link in the My Settings / Security.
8.1.
These Rules do not apply to the actions and Internet resources of third parties.
8.2.
The Site Administration bears no liability for the actions of third parties which as the result of using the Internet or the Site Services obtained access to the User information in accordance with the confidentiality level selected by the User, for the consequences of use of the information which, due to the Site nature, is available to any Internet user. The Site Administration recommends that the Users take a responsible approach to the scope of their information posted on the Site.
8.3.
The Site Administration uses the YouTube API as provided for in clause 7.3.6 of the VK.com Terms of Use. Google's Privacy Policy is available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
9.1.
The Users have the right to send their inquiries to the Site Administration, including inquiries regarding the use of the personal data under clause 6.1.6 hereof, in writing to: prem. 1-N, bld. 12-14, Lit. A, Khersonskaya st., St. Petersburg, Russia, 191024, or to support@vk.com in the form of an electronic document bearing a qualified electronic signature in accordance with Russian legislation.
9.2.
The User’s inquiry must contain the following information:
number of the principal identity document of the User or his / her representative;
date of issue of the above document and the issuing authority;
information confirming the User’s participation in relations with the operator (in particular, the number of the User’s id or the short (sub-domain) name substituting the id number);
signature of the User or his / her representative.
9.3.
The Site Administration undertakes to consider and respond to the User’s inquiry within 30 days after it is received.
9.4.
All correspondence received by the Site Administration from the Users (written or electronic inquiries) is classified as restricted-access information and may not be disclosed without the User’s written consent. The personal data and other information on the User who sent the inquiry may not be used without the User’s special consent for any purpose other than for response to the inquiry, except as expressly provided by law.
Revised on 10 March 2025
Загружается...
Go up
Sub-policy 13
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
Activity Sharing & Privacy
Advanced Data Protection Analytics & Privacy
AirDrop & Privacy
App Analytics & Privacy
App Store & Privacy
Apple Account & Privacy
Apple Account, Media Services & Privacy
Apple Advertising & Privacy
Apple Arcade & Privacy
Apple Books & Privacy
Apple Card & Privacy
Apple Cash and Apple Payments Inc. & Privacy
Apple Developer Forums & Privacy
Apple Developer Program & Privacy
Apple Education Community & Privacy
Apple Fitness+ & Privacy
Apple Intelligence & Privacy
Apple Maps & Privacy
Apple Messages for Business & Privacy
Apple Music & Privacy
Apple Music for Artists & Privacy
Apple Music Friends & Privacy
Apple Music web player & Privacy
Apple News & Privacy
Apple News Newsletters & Privacy
Apple Pay & Privacy
Apple Pay Later & Privacy
Apple Podcasts & Privacy
Apple Podcasts web player & Privacy
Apple Research App & Privacy
Apple Sports & Privacy
Apple Store App & Privacy
Apple Support App & Privacy
Apple Support Communities & Privacy
Apple TV App & Privacy
Beats Analytics & Privacy
Camera and ARKit & Privacy
Capture & Privacy
Check In & Privacy
ClassKit & Privacy
Connected Cards & Privacy
Device Analytics & Privacy
Emergency SOS & Privacy
Eyes, Hands & Privacy
EyeSight & Privacy
Face ID & Privacy
FaceTime & Privacy
Family Setup & Privacy
Family Sharing & Privacy
Final Cut Pro for iPad & Privacy
Find My & Privacy
Game Center & Privacy
Guest User & Privacy
GymKit & Privacy
Health App & Privacy
Health Records & Privacy
Home Electricity & Privacy
iCloud Analytics & Privacy
iCloud Keychain & Privacy
iCloud Private Relay & Privacy
IDs in Wallet & Privacy
Improve Apple Pay & Privacy
Improve Assistive Voice Features & Privacy
Improve Communication Safety & Privacy
Improve EV Routing & Privacy
Improve Fitness+ & Privacy
Improve Handwashing & Privacy
Improve Health and Activity & Privacy
Improve Health Records & Privacy
Improve Maps & Privacy
Improve Safety Features & Privacy
Improve Sensitive Content Warning & Privacy
Improve Siri and Dictation & Privacy
Improve Wheelchair Mode & Privacy
iTunes Store & Privacy
Journaling Suggestions & Privacy
Location Services & Privacy
Logic Pro for iPad & Privacy
Mail Categories & Privacy
Mail Privacy Protection & Privacy
Maps Report an Issue & Privacy
Messages & Privacy
My Sports & Privacy
NFC and SE Platform & Privacy
Optic ID & Privacy
Passwords & Privacy
Persona & Privacy
Personalized Spatial Audio & Privacy
Photos & Privacy
Platoon Artists & Privacy
Platoon DJ & Privacy
Ratings & Photos & Privacy
Safari & Privacy
Safety Features & Privacy
Savings & Privacy
Schoolwork & Privacy
Search & Privacy
Sensor & Usage Data & Privacy
Shazam & Privacy
Shazam Music Recognition & Privacy
Shortcuts Sharing & Privacy
Sign in with Apple & Privacy
Sign in with Apple at Work and School & Privacy
Siri, Dictation & Privacy
SMS Filtering & Privacy
Stocks & Privacy
Tap to Pay on iPhone & Privacy
TestFlight & Privacy
Touch ID & Privacy
Translation & Privacy
TV Provider & Privacy
VPNs & Privacy
Wallet & Privacy
Weather & Privacy
Wi-Fi Calling & Privacy
Sub-policy 14
https://www.huawei.com/en/privacy-policy:
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Read our privacy policy
Corporate
Worldwide
Back to Main Menu
Huawei Websites
Corporate
Corporate news and information
Consumer
Phones, laptops, tablets, wearables & other devices
Enterprise
Enterprise products, solutions & services
Carrier
Products, solutions & services for carrier networks
Huawei Cloud
Cloud products, solutions & services
Select a Country or Region
Australia
-
English
Brazil
-
Português
Canada
-
English
China
-
简体中文
Europe
-
English
France
-
Français
Germany
-
Deutsch
Ireland
-
English
Italy
-
Italiano
Japan
-
日本語
Kazakhstan
-
Қазақ тілі
Kazakhstan
-
Pусский
Kenya
-
English
Korea
-
한국어
Malaysia
-
English
Mexico
-
Español
Mongolia
-
Mонгол
New Zealand
-
English
Netherlands
-
Nederlands
Poland
-
Polski
Romania
-
Română
Russia
-
Pусский
Singapore
-
English
South Africa
-
English
Spain
-
Español
Switzerland
-
Deutsch
Switzerland
-
Français
Switzerland
-
Italiano
Switzerland
-
English
Thailand
-
ภาษาไทย
Turkiye
-
Türkçe
Ukraine
-
Українська
United Kingdom
-
English
Uzbekistan
-
Pусский
Uzbekistan
-
O’zbek
Vietnam
-
Tiếng Việt
Global
-
English
SEARCH HISTORY
Quick Links
Huawei HiSuite
Huawei Health
Watch
Phone
Tablet
HUAWEI FreeClip
Router
ensp
Privacy Policy
Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd and its affiliates (collectively, "Huawei", "we", "us", and "our") respect your privacy. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy ("this Policy"). This Policy applies to Huawei websites, products, and services that display or provide links to this Policy.
This Policy describes how Huawei processes your personal data, but it may not address all possible data processing scenarios. Huawei may inform you of product- or service-specific data collection through supplementary policies or notices provided before collection.
This Policy describes:
1. How We Collect & Use Your Personal Data
2. Cookies & Similar Technologies
3. How We Disclose Personal Data
4. How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
5. How We Protect Your Personal Data
6. How We Process Children's Personal Data
7. Third-Party Providers and Their Services
8. International Transfers of Your Personal Data
9. Updates to This Policy
10. How to Contact Us
1. How We Collect & Use Your Personal Data
Personal data means any data that, either on its own or jointly with other data, can be used to identify a natural person. You directly provide us with such data when you use our websites, products, or services, or interact with us by, for example, creating a Huawei account or contacting us for support. We may also obtain data by recording how you interact with our websites, products, or services. For example, we may use technologies like cookies or receive use data from software running on your device. As permitted by law, we may also obtain data from public and commercial third-party sources, for example, purchasing statistics from other companies to support our services. The personal data we collect includes name, gender, enterprise name, job position, postal and email addresses, phone number, login information (account and password), photos, and certificate information, etc., depending on how you interact with Huawei, for example, the website you visit or the products and services that you use. We also collect the information you provide to us and the content of messages you send us, such as the query information you provide, or the questions or information you provide for customer service support.
Before using Huawei’s products or services, you may need to provide personal data.  In some cases you may be able to opt not to disclose your personal data to Huawei. However, not providing Huawei with certain data may mean that we cannot provide you with certain products or services or respond to an issue that you have raised.
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
Creating an account.
Fulfilling your transaction or service requests, including fulfilling orders; delivering, activating, or verifying products or services; providing training and certification; managing and processing training and certification exams; participating in onsite or virtual activities; fulfilling your requests for changes or providing you with the requested information (such as marketing materials for products and services, and white papers); and providing technical support.
Contacting you with your consent; sending you information about products and services that may interest you; inviting you to participate in Huawei activities (including promotional activities), market surveys, or satisfaction surveys; or sending you marketing information. If you do not want to receive these types of information, you can opt out at any time.
Sending you important notices, such as installation of and updates to operating system or application.
Providing you with customized user experience and content.
Qualifying and managing suppliers and business partners, and communicating or working with suppliers and business partners.
Improving our products and services through internal audits, data analysis, and research.
Analyzing the efficiency of our business operations and evaluating market share.
Troubleshooting when you send us error reports.
Synchronizing, sharing, and storing the data you upload or download and the data needed for the uploading and downloading.
Ensuring the security of our products, services and customers or users, executing and improving our loss prevention and anti-fraud programs.
Complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, industry standards and our policies.
Huawei may also collect and use non-personally identifiable information (Non-PII). Non-PII is information that cannot be used to identify a particular individual. For example, Huawei will collect statistical data, such as the numbers of visits to its website. We collect this data to understand how users use our websites, products, and services so that we can improve our services and better satisfy your needs. Huawei may collect, use, process, transfer, or disclose non-PII for other purposes at its own discretion.
We will endeavor to isolate your personal data from non-PII and ensure that the two types of data are used separately. If personal data is combined with non-PII, it will still be treated as personal data during processing.
Huawei will process your personal data following the requirements of applicable laws on an appropriate legal basis, including:
Processing your personal data to fulfill the contract when responding to a transaction or service request;
Processing your personal data with your consent;
Processing based on the legitimate interests of Huawei or a third party when we use your personal data to contact you, conduct marketing or market surveys, improve our products and services, execute and improve our loss prevention and anti-fraud programs, and other purposes. Legitimate interests include enabling us to more effectively manage and operate our business and provide our products and services; protecting the security of our businesses, systems, products, services, and customers; internal management; complying with internal policies and processes; and other legitimate interests described in this policy;
Processing your personal data as necessary to comply with and fulfill legal obligations.
2. Cookies & Similar Technologies
2.1 Cookies
To ensure our website works correctly, we may at times place a small piece of data known as a cookie on your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a text file stored by a web server on a computer or mobile device. The content of a cookie can be retrieved or read only by the server that creates the cookie. The text in a cookie often consists of identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Cookies are unique to the browsers or mobile applications you use, and enable websites to store data such as your preferences or items in your shopping cart.
Like many other websites or Internet service providers, Huawei uses cookies to improve user experience. Session cookies are deleted after each visit, while persistent cookies remain in place across multiple visits. Cookies allow websites to remember your settings such as language, font size on your computer or mobile device, or other browser preferences. This means that a user does not need to reset preferences for every visit. On the contrary, if cookies are not used, websites will treat you as a new visitor every time you load a web page. For example, if you are redirected to another web page from a website you are already logged in to and then return to the original website, it will not recognize you and you must log in again.
Huawei will not use cookies for any purposes not stated in this policy. For further details on our use of cookies, please see our
Cookies Notice
. You can manage or delete cookies based on your own preferences. You can clear all the cookies stored on your computer, and most web browsers provide the option of blocking cookies. However, by doing so, you have to change the user settings every time you visit our website. Find out how to manage cookie settings for your browser here:
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Opera
2.2 Web Beacons and Pixel Tags
In addition to cookies, we may also use other similar technologies on our websites such as web beacons and pixel tags. For example, when you receive an email from Huawei, it may contain a click-through URL that links to a Huawei web page. If you click the link, Huawei will track your visit to help us learn about your preferences for products and services and improve our customer service. A web beacon is a transparent graphic image embedded in a website or in an email. We use pixel tags in emails to find out whether an email has been opened. You can unsubscribe from the Huawei mailing list at any time if you do not want to be tracked in this manner.
By using our website, you consent to the use of cookies, web beacons and pixel tags as described above.
3. How We Disclose Personal Data
Huawei shares your personal data with other partners, as described in this Policy, when services are provided by partners authorized by Huawei. For example, when you make an online purchase from Huawei, we must share your personal data with the logistics provider to arrange shipment or a partner to provide services. In addition, as a global company, we may share personal data with Huawei affiliates and subsidiaries.
To comply with applicable laws or respond to valid legal procedures, Huawei may also disclose your personal data to law enforcement or other government agencies. If Huawei is involved in a restructuring, merger & acquisition, or a bankruptcy or liquidation lawsuit in a given jurisdiction, your personal data may be disclosed in connection with the transaction. Huawei may also disclose your data when appropriate, for example, to execute Terms and Conditions, when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or when it is in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
4. How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
It is your responsibility to ensure that all personal data submitted to Huawei is correct. Huawei is dedicated to maintaining the accuracy and completeness of personal data and keeping the data up-to-date.
To the extent required by applicable law, you may (i) have the right to access certain personal data we maintain about you, (ii) request that we update or correct inaccuracies in that data, (iii) object or restrict to our use of your personal data, and (iv) ask us to delete your personal data from our database. To exercise these rights, please
click here
to give your feedback online. Your written request may be required for security. We will verify your personal identity as required by local laws. We may decline the request if we have reasonable grounds to believe that the request is a fraudulent, unfeasible or may jeopardize the privacy of others.
If allowed by applicable laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when Huawei processes your personal data based on your consent. However, withdrawal does not affect the legitimacy and effectiveness of how we process your personal data based on your consent before the withdrawal is made; nor does it affect any data processing based on another justification other than your consent.
If you think that the way we process your personal information does not comply with applicable data protection laws, you can contact the relevant competent data protection authority. You can obtain the information for contacting EU data protection authorities at
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
5. How We Protect and Retain Your Personal Data
The security of your personal data is important to us. We use appropriate physical, management, and technical measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss. For example, we use cryptographic technologies for data confidentiality, protection mechanisms to prevent attacks, and access control mechanisms to permit only authorized access to your personal data. We also provide training on security and privacy protection for employees to raise their awareness of personal data protection. Huawei is committed to protecting your personal data; however, please note that no security measure is perfect.
We will retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes stated in this Policy, unless otherwise extending the retention period is required or permitted by law. The data storage period may vary with scenario, product, and service. The standards Huawei uses to determine the retention period are as follows: the time required to retain personal data to fulfill business purposes, including providing products and services; maintaining corresponding transaction and business records; controlling and improving the performance and quality of products and services; ensuring the security of systems, products, and services; handling possible user queries or complaints and locating problems; whether the user agrees to a longer retention period; and whether the laws, contracts, and other equivalencies have special requirements for data retention; etc. We will maintain your registration information as long as your account is necessary for service provision. You can choose to deregister your account. After you deregister your account, we will stop providing you with products and services through your account and delete your relevant personal data, provided that deletion is not otherwise stipulated by special legal requirements.
6. How We Process Children's Personal Data
Our websites, products and services are primarily intended for adults. A child must not create a Huawei account without the consent of a parent or guardian. If a child's personal data is collected with prior parental consent, we will only use or disclose the data as permitted by law, with the explicit consent of the child's parents or guardians, or when necessary for the protection of the child. If we accidentally collect a child's personal data without verified prior consent from the child's parents, we will attempt to delete the data as soon as possible.
7. Third-Party Providers and Their Services
To ensure a positive user experience, you may receive content or web links from third parties other than Huawei and its partners ("third parties"). Huawei does not have the right to control such third parties, but you can choose whether to use the links, view the content and/or access the products or services provided by third parties.
Huawei cannot control the privacy practices and data protection policies of third parties that are not subject to this Policy. When you submit personal information to such a third party, please read and refer to the privacy protection policy of the third party.
8. International Transfers of Your Personal Data
As a global company, your personal data collected by Huawei may be processed or accessed in the country/region where you use our products and services or in other countries/regions where Huawei or its affiliates, subsidiaries, service providers or business partners have a presence. These jurisdictions may have different data protection laws. In such circumstances, Huawei will take measures to ensure that data is processed as required by this Policy and applicable laws, which includes when transferring the data subject’s personal data from the EU to a country or region which has not yet been acknowledged by the EU Commission as having an adequate level of data protection, we may use a variety of legal mechanisms, such as signing standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission, obtaining the consent to the cross-border transfer of a data subject in the EU, or implementing security measures like anonymizing personal data before cross-border data transfer. You can
click here
to obtain a copy of the EU’s standard contractual clauses.
9. Updates to This Policy
Huawei reserves the right to update or change this Policy at any time. We will release the latest Privacy Policy on this page for any changes. If major changes are made to the Privacy Policy, we may notify you through different channels, for example, posting a notice on our website or sending you direct notification.
10. How to Contact Us
If you have any privacy complaints or issues, and want to contact Huawei Data Protection Officer (DPO), please
click here
.
Where your personal data is processed by Huawei in accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Huawei entity that responds to your request, contacts you, provides you with products or services, or has signed or is about to sign a contract with you is the controller of the related personal data. You can
click here
to obtain the contacts of Huawei entities.
Last updated: May 2024
Online Services
Consumer Products
Gobal Service Hotline
Local Website
Huawei Cloud
Sales: +852-800-931-122
Chatbot
Enterprise
Global Service Hotline
Pricing/Info
Carrier Network
Global Service Hotline
All Contacts
Sub-policy 15
https://aws.amazon.com/de/blogs/security/aws-gdpr-data-processing-addendum/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to Main Content
AWS Blog Home
Blogs
Editions
AWS Security Blog
AWS GDPR Data Processing Addendum – Now Part of Service Terms
Today, we’re happy to announce that the AWS GDPR
Data Processing Addendum(.pdf
)
is now part of our
online Service Terms
. This means all AWS customers globally can rely on the terms of the AWS GDPR DPA which will apply automatically from May 25, 2018, whenever they use AWS services to process personal data under the GDPR. The AWS GDPR DPA also includes EU Model Clauses, which were approved by the European Union (EU) data protection authorities, known as the Article 29 Working Party. This means that AWS customers wishing to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) to other countries can do so with the knowledge that their personal data on AWS will be given the same high level of protection it receives in the EEA.
As we approach the GDPR enforcement date this week, this announcement is an important GDPR compliance component for us, our customers, and our partners. All customers which that are using cloud services to process personal data will need to have a data processing agreement in place between them and their cloud services provider if they are to comply with GDPR. As early as April 2017, AWS announced that AWS had a GDPR-ready DPA available for its customers. In this way,
we started offering our GDPR DPA to customers over a year before
the May 25, 2018 enforcement date. Now, with the DPA terms included in our online service terms, there is no extra engagement needed by our customers and partners to be compliant with the GDPR requirement for data processing terms.
The AWS GDPR DPA also provides our customers with a number of other important assurances, such as the following:
AWS will process customer data only in accordance with customer instructions.
AWS has implemented and will maintain robust technical and organizational measures for the AWS network.
AWS will notify its customers of a security incident without undue delay after becoming aware of the security incident.
AWS will make available certificates issued in relation to the
ISO 27001 certification
, the
ISO 27017 certification
, and the
ISO 27018 certification
to further help customers and partners in their own GDPR compliance activities.
Customers who have already signed an offline version of the AWS GDPR DPA can continue to rely on that GDPR DPA. By incorporating our GDPR DPA into the AWS Service Terms, we are simply extending the terms of our GDPR DPA to all customers globally who will require it under GDPR.
AWS GDPR DPA is only part of the story, however. We are continuing to work alongside our customers and partners to help them on their journey towards GDPR compliance.
If you have any questions about the GDPR or the AWS GDPR DPA, please contact your account representative, or visit the AWS GDPR Center at:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/gdpr-center/
Interested in AWS Security news? Follow the AWS Security Blog
on Twitter
.
AWS Podcast
Subscribe for weekly AWS news and interviews
Learn more
AWS Partner Network
Find an APN member to support your cloud business needs
Learn more
AWS Training & Certifications
Free digital courses to help you develop your skills
Learn more
Resources
AWS Cloud Security
AWS Compliance
AWS Security Reference Architecture
Best Practices
Data Protection at AWS
Zero Trust on AWS
Cryptographic Computing
Follow
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitch
Email Updates
AWS Events
Discover the latest AWS events in your region
Learn more
Close
Architecture
AWS Cloud Operations
AWS for Games
AWS Insights
AWS Marketplace
AWS News
AWS Partner Network
AWS Smart Business
Big Data
Business Intelligence
Business Productivity
Cloud Enterprise Strategy
Cloud Financial Management
Compute
Contact Center
Containers
Database
Desktop & Application Streaming
Developer Tools
DevOps & Developer Productivity
Front-End Web & Mobile
HPC
IBM and Red Hat
Industries
Integration & Automation
Internet of Things
Machine Learning
Media
Messaging & Targeting
Microsoft Workloads on AWS
Migration and Modernization
.NET on AWS
Networking & Content Delivery
Open Source
Public Sector
Quantum Computing
Robotics
SAP
Security
Spatial Computing
Startups
Storage
Supply Chain & Logistics
Training & Certification
Close
中国版
日本版
한국 에디션
기술 블로그
Edisi Bahasa Indonesia
AWS Thai Blog
Édition Française
Deutsche Edition
Edição em Português
Edición en Español
Версия на русском
Türkçe Sürüm
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out