I. General Information
1. Name and Address of the Controller
Journi GmbH
Goldschlagstraße 172/4/2/2+3
1140 Vienna, Austria
E-mail: info@journiapp.com
2. Age Limit
The users of our service must be at least 16 years old. If a person
        concerned is younger than 16 years of age, he/she must first obtain
        the consent of his/her parents/legal guardians before providing us
        with personal data or concluding a contract with us or using our
        services. Without this consent, the provision of personal data is
        prohibited. If a minor user nevertheless provides us with personal
        data, the use of this data will be discontinued as soon as we become
        aware of it.
3. Processors
We have entered into contract agreements with our processors within
        the meaning of Art 28 et seq GDPR, and with those outside the EEA,
        arrangements pursuant to Art 44 et seq GDPR have been concluded, which
        are constantly monitored and audited. Our partners are obliged to
        delete the data after the purpose has been fulfilled, unless this is
        contrary to a legal obligation to retain data.
The following processors regularly process data for us. Further
        processors are, if necessary, indicated with the respective purposes:
Tax consultant / accountant
Lawyer
IT service providers / IT providers and telecommunications providers
Printing and delivery service
3.1 Direct Marketing by Post
We may occasionally reach out to you via postal mail for marketing
        purposes, based on our legitimate interest. To facilitate these
        mailings, we work with data processors based on the country of your
        residence:
Austria (AT):
Mail Boxes Etc. (MBE) | GFN Franchising GmbH
Germany (DE):
MBE Deutschland GmbH
You have the right to opt out of receiving future marketing materials
        by post at any time and free of charge. If you wish to opt out, please
        send an e-mail to
support@journiapp.com
indicating the Subject field as 'Opt Out From Direct Marketing'.
4. Data Erasure and Storage Duration
Personal data of data subjects will be deleted or made anonymous as
        soon as the purpose of the processing no longer applies. Furthermore,
        data may be stored if required by statutory law. Anonymisation or
        deletion of data is carried out when a storage period prescribed by
        the aforementioned laws expires. Any specific provisions can be found
        in the respective processing purposes.
When a customer account is deleted, the tracking data is made
        anonymous, the transaction data is kept for 7 years according to BAO
        (Federal Tax Code) and the content data (comments, links, photos) is
        deleted. If you share a Journi with other users and delete your
        account, the shared content remains in the account of the remaining
        user.
5. Rights of the Data Subject
If your personal is being processed, you are the data subject within
        the meaning of the GDPR and are entitled to the following rights in
        relation to the controller:
5.1 Right of Access to Information
You can request confirmation from the controller as to whether your
          personal data are being processed by us.
In the event of such processing, you may request the following
          information from the controller:
the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
the categories of personal data which are processed;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom your personal
            data have been or will be disclosed;
the planned duration of storage of the personal data relating to
            you or, if it is not possible to give specific details, criteria
            for determining the duration of storage
the existence of a right of rectification or erasure of your
            personal data, a right to have the processing limited by the
            controller or a right to object to such processing
the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
all available information on the origin of the data, if the
            personal data are not collected from the data subject;
the existence of automated decision making, including profiling,
            in accordance with Art. 22 (1) and (4) GDPR and - at least in
            these cases - meaningful information about the logic involved and
            the scope and intended effects of such processing on the data
            subject.
You have the right to request information as to whether your
            personal data are transferred to a third country or to an
            international organisation. In this context, you may request to be
            informed of the appropriate guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR in
            connection with the transfer.
5.2 Right of Rectification
You have the right to ask the data controller to correct and/or
          complete the data if your personal data which is being processed is
          incorrect or incomplete. The data controller shall make the
          correction without delay.
When processing data for scientific, historical or statistical
          research purposes: Your right of rectification may be limited to the
          extent that it is likely to make it impossible or seriously hinder
          the achievement of the research or statistical purposes and the
          limitation is necessary for the achievement of the research or
          statistical purposes.
5.3 Right to Limit Processing
Under the following condtions, you may request the restriction of
          the processing of your personal data:
if you dispute the accuracy of your personal data, the controller
            to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and you object to the deletion of the
            personal data and request instead the restriction of the use of
            the personal data;
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes
            of the processing, but you need it in order to exercise or defend
            your rights, or
if you have lodged an objection to the processing pursuant to Art.
            21 (1) GDPR and it has not yet been established whether the
            legitimate reasons given by the controller outweigh your reasons.
If the processing of personal data relating to you has been
          restricted, such data may be processed, with the exception of
          storage, only with your consent or for the purpose of asserting,
          exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of
          another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public
          interest of the EU or of a Member State.
If the restriction on processing has been restricted in accordance
          with the above conditions, you will be informed by the controller
          before the restriction is lifted.
When processing data for scientific, historical or statistical
          research purposes:
Your right to restrict processing may be limited to the extent that
          it is likely to make the achievement of the research or statistical
          purposes impossible or seriously prejudicial and the restriction is
          necessary for the achievement of the research or statistical
          purposes.
5.4 Right of Cancellation
a) Obligation to delete
may request the controller to delete your personal data without
            delay and the controller is obliged to delete such data without
            delay if one of the following reasons applies:
Your personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for
              which they were collected or otherwise processed.
You revoke your consent on which the processing was based
              pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a or Art. 9 (2) lit. a GDPR, and
              there is no other legal basis for the processing.
You object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) GDPR and
              there are no legitimate reasons for the processing, or you
              object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (2) GDPR.
Your personal data have been processed unlawfully.
The deletion of your personal data is necessary to comply with a
              legal obligation under EU law or the law of the Member States to
              which the controller is subject.
Your personal data have been collected in relation to
              information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8
              (1) GDPR.
b) Information to third parties
If the controller has made public your personal data and is
            obliged to delete them pursuant to Art. 17 (1) GDPR, he shall take
            reasonable measures, including technical measures - taking into
            account the available technology and the implementation costs - to
            inform data controllers who process the personal data that you, as
            a data subject, have requested them to delete all links to these
            personal data or copies or replications of these personal data.
c) Exceptions
The right of cancellation does not exist insofar as the processing
            is necessary
for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and
              information;
in order to comply with a legal obligation to which the
              processing relates under EU or national law to which the
              controller is subject or in order to perform a task carried out
              in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority
              vested in the controller
for reasons of public interest in the field of public health
              pursuant to Art. 9 (2) lit. h and i and Art. 9 (3) GDPR;
for archiving, scientific or historical research purposes in the
              public interest or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89
              (1) GDPR, insofar as the law referred to in section a) is likely
              to render impossible or seriously prejudice the attainment of
              the objectives of such processing, or
to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
5.5 Right to Information
If you have asserted the right to rectify, erase or limit the
          processing towards the controller, the controller is obliged to
          notify all recipients to whom your personal data have been disclosed
          of this rectification, erasure or limitation of processing, unless
          this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You
          have the right towards the controller to be informed of these
          recipients.
5.6 Right to Data Transferability
You have the right to receive your personal data, which you have
          provided to the controller, in a structured, common and
          machine-readable format. You also have the right to have this data
          transferred to another controller (without interference from
          original controller to whom the personal data has given), provided
          that
the processing is based on a consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit a
            GDPR or Art. 9 (2) lit a GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6
            (1) lit b GDPR and
the processing is carried out by means of automated procedures.
In exercising this right, you also have the right that your personal
          data are transferred directly from one controller to another, as far
          as this is technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other
          persons must not be affected by this. The right to data
          transferability shall not apply to the processing of personal data
          necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public
          interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the
          controller.
5.7 Right of Objection
You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from
          your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data
          which is carried out pursuant to Article 6 (1) lit e or f GDPR; this
          also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The controller shall no longer process your personal data, unless he
          can demonstrate compelling reasons for processing which are
          justified on grounds of protection of your interests, rights and
          freedoms, or if the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend
          legal claims.
If your personal data are processed for the purpose of direct
          marketing, you have the right to object at any time to the
          processing of your personal data for the purpose of such marketing,
          including profiling, insofar as it relates to such direct marketing.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your
          personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes.
You may exercise your right of objection in connection with the use
          of information society services, without prejudice to Directive
          2002/58/EC, by means of automated procedures involving technical
          specifications.
When processing data for scientific, historical or statistical
          research purposes:
You also have the right to object, for reasons arising from your
          particular situation, to the processing of your personal data for
          the purposes of scientific or historical research or for statistical
          purposes in accordance with Art. 89 (1) GDPR.
Your right of objection may be limited to the extent that it is
          likely to make the realisation of the research or statistical
          purposes impossible or seriously impairs them and the limitation is
          necessary for the fulfilment of the research or statistical
          purposes.
5.8 Right to Revoke the Consent Under Data Protection Law
You have the right to revoke your consent under data protection law
          at any time. Revocation of your consent does not affect the legality
          of the processing that has taken place on the basis of your consent
          until revocation.
5.9 Automated Decision in Individual Cases including Profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on
          automated processing, including profiling, that has legal effect on
          you or significantly affects you in a similar manner. This shall not
          apply if the decision
is necessary for the conclusion or fulfilment of a contract
            between you and the controller,
is authorised by EU or national legislation to which the
            controller is subject to and that legislation provides for
            appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and
            your legitimate interests, or
with your express consent.
However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of
          personal data pursuant to Art. 9 (1) GDPR, unless Art. 9 (2) lit. a
          or g applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect
          rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.
With regard to the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the controller
          shall take appropriate measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms
          and your legitimate interests, which shall include at least the
          right to obtain the intervention of any person from the controller,
          to express his or her point of view and to challenge the decision.
5.10 Right of Appeal to a Supervisory Authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy,
          you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
          authority, in particular in the Member State in which you are
          resident, your place of work or the place of the alleged
          infringement, if you consider that the processing of your personal
          data is in breach of the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged
          shall inform the complainant of the status and the results of the
          complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Art.
          78 GDPR.
6. Data Security
We do everything to protect your data. This includes measures to
        prevent manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized
        persons. To this end, we set forth a technical framework (such as
        access controls, locked filing cabinets, password guidelines, etc.),
        organizational framework (such as training courses and usage
        guidelines) and a legal framework (non-disclosure agreements, data
        protection agreements, data processing agreement) which are intended
        to prevent this. All data is stored on our computers and servers or on
        the servers of our service providers with whom contracts for data
        processing have been concluded. All our systems and data processing
        are recorded and described in detail in records of processing
        activities.
II. Processing Purposes
1. Free Customer Account & Services:
1.1 Customer Account
When you register for a free customer account (independent of the
          Journi apps print or blog or the Journi website journiapp.com), the
          following data about you will be processed:
First and last name
Email address
Password (we only store an encrypted version)
Profile picture (optional)
Place of residence (optional)
Birthday (optional)
Gender (optional)
We process this data to fulfil our obligations in the sense of the
General Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use
          
          in accordance with Art 6 (2) lit b GDPR.
Your data will be processed for the duration of your use of the
            app. You can delete your customer account at any time. Afterwards,
            it will be kept for the duration of the tax and company law
            obligation to retain it in accordance with the BAO and the UGB.
            Your data will only be processed within the EEA.
If you log in to the customer account via Facebook, the following
          data and authorisations are requested by Facebook; please note that
          these are responsible (as controller) for data processing by
          Facebook in the sense of GDPR (see also point 8.1 below):
First and last name
Profile picture
Contact list
Photos
Email address
1.2 Free Services
You can use the following free services at Journi:
Use of the Journi mobile apps (without registration)
Use of Journi mobile apps (with registration, without
            subscription)
Use of the Journi web app (without registration)
Use of the Journi web app (with registration, without
            subscription)
When using the free services, the following personal data (in
          addition to the above-mentioned data when registering) are
          processed:
Photos
Place and time of recording (optional)
Comments and likes you leave, these are public
Your personal data will be processed by you in order to fulfil our
          terms of use (free contract), in accordance with Art 6 (1) lit b
          GDPR.
1.3 Referral Program
When using our referral program (Point 8 of our
Terms), registered customers can earn
          credits by inviting third parties to Journi. If a customer uses this
          function, in addition to point 1.1, information about the
          recommendations (invitations and credits) will be processed. The
          data of the third parties will be logged in when clicking the
          corresponding activation link will be processed as for a customer
          account (point 1.1).
1.4 Third Party Photos
If you publish photos of third parties or send them to us, you must
          ensure that this is done in accordance with data protection
          regulations and that the personal rights or other rights of these
          third parties are not violated (see point 4 of our
Terms).
2. Chargeable Services:
If you use paid services with us, your data will be processed for the
        purpose of fulfilling these contracts in accordance with Art 6 (1) lit
        b GDPR. In addition to the above-mentioned data, the contents of the
        contract (duration, price, scope) are processed by us. Your data will
        be processed for the fulfilment of the contractual obligations for the
        duration of the contract. Thereafter, your data will be stored for the
        duration of the tax and company law retention obligations.
2.1 Subscriptions
If you take out a subscription (Point 7.2 of our
Terms), your personal data will be
          processed by the respective App Store.
The processing of the app services with costs is carried out via the
          respective App Store (Apple or Google). For this purpose, you enter
          into an agreement with the respective App Store, which will use your
          data to fulfil this agreement and forward it to us based on their
          privacy policy.
2.2 Print Products
If you order a print product (Point 6.1 of our
Terms), the following personal data will
          be processed:
First and last name
Delivery address
Content and price of the order
Photos that are part of the order (optional)
Company (optional)
Phone number (optional)
Based on the applicable (privacy) laws for your order, your data
          will be passed on to the appropriate partner/s listed below for
          contract fulfillment:
Elanders Donauwörth GmbH
Elanders Waiblingen GmbH
Linemark, Inc (only for orders to or within the US)
Precision Printing Co. Limited (only for orders within the UK)
Alexanders Print Advantage (only for orders to or within the US)
Photo Create Pty Ltd (only for orders within Australia and New
            Zealand)
Our shipping partners
3. Apps:
System permissions (contacts, photos, camera...)
location data
When using the app, you can turn on the respective information. The
        app cannot access the respective data without your consent.
3.1 System Authorisations
For some functions our app must be able to access certain technical
          interfaces and data of the device. Depending on the type of
          operating system, this access may require your explicit consent,
          which will be obtained before the service is used (e.g. camera,
          tracking services). Use of the app is possible without these
          services, but only to a limited extent. You can adjust the
          permission settings in the system settings of your device at any
          time.
The following permissions may be required to use the app:
Location services / location data (See also point 3.2):
            Authorisation to access the location services of the device is
            required to access the location determined by the device.
Camera: Authorisation is required for the app to use the camera
            function of the device. No location data will be collected unless
            you specifically agree to it (above). Access to the camera
            function of the device is only granted when the function is
            activated in the app.
Mobile data (iOS) or access to all networks and network
            connections (Android): Internet access (via WLAN or mobile data
            connection) through the app is required to enable the app to
            transmit and receive data. This permission is required to transfer
            data or photos in the app or user account.
Contact list information: If you choose, you can use our "Import
            Contacts" feature to scan through your contacts list to find
            friends who already use Journi. If you choose to import contacts
            through your device's contacts list, then Journi will access your
            contacts list to determine whether or not someone associated with
            your contact is using Journi. You can choose to grant or deny this
            permission. If granted, your contact list information will be
            collected and used according to our privacy policy.
3.2 Location Services
In order to be able to offer all functions of the app (e.g. photo
          book with location) that are based on the current location, you can
          grant the app the authorization to use the location services of the
          (mobile) device to collect corresponding location data. If the user
          of the app is granted access to the location services, your current
          location will be regularly updated in the app. If the user does not
          grant access, your photos can be transmitted, but not your location.
          The location of an individual photo is also stored publicly along
          with the published photos.
4. Website - Server Log Files:
In order to optimise our websites with regard to system performance,
        user-friendliness and the provision of useful information about our
        services, the provider of the respective website automatically
        collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which
        your browser automatically transmits to us. This includes your
        Internet Protocol address (IP address), browser and language settings,
        operating system, referrer URL, your Internet service provider and
        date/time.
consolidation of this data with personal data sources is not carried
        out. We reserve the right to check these data subsequently if we
        become aware of concrete indications of illegal use.
These log files are processed for 6 months.
The legal basis is, on the one hand, the fulfilment of the contract,
        specifically the provision of our website free of charge (Art. 6 (1)
        lit b GDPR), in our overriding interest in the security and
        functionality of our website (Art. 6 (1) lit f GDPR) and, finally,
        they are technically necessary for the operation of the website (Art.
        165 (2) TKG [Austrian Telecommunication Code]).
5. Contact Form:
When you fill out the contact form on our website, the following data
        is processed:
Message
First and last name
E-mail address
This data is processed for the purpose of fulfilling (pre-)contractual
        obligations in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit b GDPR. We store the
        data until your enquiry has been answered, unless the content of the
        enquiry in question gives rise to a legal obligation to retain the
        data.
For this purpose, the software Zendesk is used as a processor and data
        is processed outside the EEA in accordance with Art 44 et seq GDPR.
        The data is transferred on the basis of the EU-US Data Privacy
        Framework as an adequacy decision.
In order to improve our customer service operations and provide
        automated customer service responses and workflows, we may transfer
        the following data to Ultimate Enterprises Oy., a cloud-based customer
        service automation platform:
First and last name;
E-mail address;
Address (business or personal);
Order history;
Communications (conversations and timestamps); and/or
Customer service information.
All necessary data minimization measures (Pseudonymisation) are taken
        in accordance with Art.32(1b) GDPR. All personal data transferred for
        processing is masked and anonymized using advanced encryption
        measures.
6. Newsletter:
If you agree to receive our newsletter, your e-mail address will be
    used for our own advertising purposes until you unsubscribe. This use
    takes place exclusively on your request and with your consent (Art 6
    (1) lit a GDPR in conjunction with § 174TKG [Austrian
    Telecommunication Code]) and is not a prerequisite for the use of our
    services. The sending of the newsletter includes advertising from us,
    such as updates to the apps and functions, delivery information about
    your orders, information about products, personal offers and deals and
    updates from Journi.
This consent can be revoked by you at any time and free of charge and
    you can unsubscribe from the newsletter. This is possible through the
    settings in your Journi profile or by sending an e-mail to
support@journiapp.com
. In
    addition, a contact option is included in every newsletter to revoke
    the consent.
Iterable is the processor of the newsletter and the associated data
    processing. For this purpose, data is also processed outside the EEA
    in accordance with Art 44 et seq GDPR. The data is transferred on the
    basis of the EU-US Data Privacy Framework as an adequacy decision.
Your data will be deleted after cancellation of the newsletter if
    processing is not necessary for other processing purposes. You will no
    longer receive the newsletter after cancellation.
7. Cookies
7.1 General Information
When using our website, so-called "cookies" are stored on your
      device. These are small text files that store certain settings and
      data for exchange with our system via your browser. A cookie
      contains the name of the domain from which the cookie data was sent,
      information about the age of the cookie and an alphanumeric
      identifier ("cookie ID"), and the following data: IP address,
      browser, operating system, language setting. Cookies help us, for
      example, to improve our website and to be able to offer you
      optimised services.
In the "session cookies" used by us, only the above-mentioned data
      on your use of the website is temporarily stored. These save a
      so-called "session ID", which can be used to assign various requests
      from your browser to a common session. This enables your computer to
      be recognised when you return to our website. Session cookies are
      deleted when you close the browser. In addition, so-called
      "persistent cookies" are used, which are automatically deleted after
      a specified period of time. These enable not only the recognition of
      your device with which you have already visited our website, but
      also the non-personal analysis of your behaviour on our website. In
      the list below you will find information on how long the respective
      cookies are stored.
If you do not wish to use browser cookies, you can set your browser
      to not accept cookies. If you prevent the storage of technically
      required cookies, we would like to point out that you may not be
      able to use our website to its full extent. This means that your
      session will not be saved. For this reason, the settings or progress
      you have selected will not be reopened at the same place where you
      left them the next time you use the websites.
Specifically, the following cookies are involved:
Cookie Name: journi-gdpr
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Duration: 365 days
Data Category: Functionality
Purpose: the user accept cookie terms
Cookie Name: _dd
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Third-party cookie
Purpose: datadog third party
Third Party (Receiver): datadog
Link:
https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/cookies/
Cookie Name: _fbp
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Targeting
Purpose: Is used by Facebook to show a range of advertising
      products, such as real-time bidding from third-party advertisers.
Third Party (Receiver): Facebook
Duration of Storage: 3 months
Link:
https://www.facebook.com/policy/cookies/
Cookie Name: _amplitude
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Third-party cookie
Purpose: Amplitude set a cookie on web to identify the device
Duration of Storage: 365 days
Third Party (Receiver): Amplitude
Link:
https://help.amplitude.com/hc/en-us/articles/206533238-Data-Security-Privacy
Cookie Name: lang
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Functionality
Purpose: selected user language
Duration of Storage: session
Cookie Name: session
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Functionality
Purpose: session of journi user
Duration of Storage: 5 days
Cookie Name: _ga
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Third-party cookie
Purpose: This cookie helps us to understand general user behavior on
      our website better. We use this cookie from Google Ads purely to
      improve the performance of our ad placements. As soon as you reach a
      target predefined by us, the result will be evaluated statistically.
      This enables us to focus on providing higher-quality ads. When you
      browse through our website you will see ads that are more relevant
      to your interests; so you will obtain results which match your
      search criteria even quicker. Your data will only be collected
      anonymously. So we are not able to link this information directly to
      you.
Duration of Storage: 2 years
Third Party (Receiver): google analytics
Link:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage?hl=en-US
Cookie Name: _gid
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Performance
Purpose: With the data from Google Analytics, the user and update
      rates can be distinguished anonymously
Duration of Storage: 1 day
Third Party (Receiver): google analytics
Link:
www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Cookie Name: _hj
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Third-party cookie
Purpose: To function properly, Hotjar stores first-party cookies on
      your visitor's browser. Cookies are either set by the Hotjar script,
      or by visiting Hotjar's website. Displaying the correct content to
      your visitors without personally identifying anyone relies on
      Hotjar's cookies.
Duration of Storage: 365 days
Third Party (Receiver): Hotjar
Link:
https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/articles/115011789248-Hotjar-Cookies
7.2 Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc.
      ("Google"). Google uses cookies. The information generated by the
      cookie about the use of the website by the user is usually
      transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use
      of our website by users, to compile reports on the activities within
      this website and to provide us with further services associated with
      the use of this website and the use of the Internet. The processed
      data can be used to create pseudonymous user profiles of the users.
We only use Google Analytics with activated IP anonymisation. This
      means that the IP address of users is shortened by Google within
      member states of the European Union or in other states that are
      party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The IP address
      transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data from
      Google.
The data will be transferred outside the EEA to the parent company
      of the Google group of companies, Google LLC, and to its wholly
      owned U.S. subsidiaries, in accordance with the Privacy Shield
      Principles, when the scope of Google LLC's Privacy Shield
      certification covers the customer's personal information.
Users can prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting their browser
      software accordingly; users can also prevent the collection of data
      generated by the cookie and related to their use of the online offer
      to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading
      and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
For more information about Google's advertising use, opt-out and
      opt-in options, please visit the Google websites:
www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/
("Google's use of data when you use our partners' websites or
      apps"),
www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
("Google's use of data for advertising purposes"),
www.google.de/settings/ads
("Manage the information Google uses to serve ads to you") and
www.google.com/ads/preferences/
("Determine what ads Google shows you"). Order Data Agreement
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/processorterms/
;
      Privacy Policy for GDPR
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=de
.
8. Social Media
For individual processing activities on our company pages, we are
    joint controllers with the respective social medium. In case of
    interactions with our company page and questions about this, you are
    welcome to contact us directly. We would like to point out that we
    have no influence on the type and scope of the processing activities
    of social media platforms.
We process your data within the scope of the respective social media,
    insofar as you share it with us. This may be, for example, your (user)
    name, interactions with our profiles or pages, and comments, based on
    the use of the functionality of the social network (§ 165 (2) TKG
    Austrian Telecommunications Code) and our legitimate interest pursuant
    to Art 6 (1) (f) GDPR, as long as this content is published by you on
    the respective social medium. In the case of direct messages, we
    process the data contained therein for (pre-)contractual communication
    (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR).
8.1 Facebook
The social network facebook.com is operated by Meta Platforms Inc.
      (former Facebook Inc), 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304,
      USA and is used for user interaction. Data controller for users in
      the EU is Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal
      Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland (both: "Facebook"). If you visit our
      Facebook page or the website of Facebook, their privacy policy
      applies.
The purpose of the data collection and processing as well as the use
      of the data by Facebook, as well as the types of data (scope of the
      data) can be found by the user in the notes on data protection,
      which Facebook itself publishes; see:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
. 
      In the interests of the best possible transparency, we summarize
      the key points for the user:
The data collected in this way is used to analyse usage behaviour
      and to provide, select, evaluate, and understand the advertisements
      that Facebook provides on and off Facebook (this includes
      advertisements provided by or on behalf of Facebook subsidiaries)
      and to compile statistics on users. Facebook will also use the data
      available to it to improve its advertising and measurement systems
      so that Facebook can show users on and off Facebook services and
      measure the effectiveness and reach of advertisements and services.
      If the user is registered with Facebook, Facebook is able, by using
      the data collected, to provide services to the user, personalise
      content for the user and provide the user with links and suggestions
      in which the user may be interested. Finally, the collected data is
      used to send marketing communications to the user, to communicate
      with the user about its services and to inform the user about
      Facebook's policies and terms.
If the user is the owner of a Facebook account and visits Facebook
      button, he/she has given his/her consent to the collection,
      transfer, storage, disclosure and use of his/her information in
      accordance with the Facebook Privacy Policy 
      (
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
). 
      The user can change the privacy settings of his Facebook account in the account settings.
Further information on Facebook and the GDPR can be found at:
https://www.facebook.com/business/gdpr#Facebook-als-Datenverantwortlicher-vs.-Auftragsverarbeiter
.
8.2 X (Twitter)
The social network “X” (formerly Twitter) is operated by X Corp.
      Suite 900, 1355 Market Street, San Francisco, California, 94103, USA
      ("X"). The X button links to our profile. On the X website their
      privacy policy applies.
The purpose of the data collection and processing as well as the use
      of the data by X, as well as the types of data (scope of the data)
      can be found by the user in the information on data protection,
      which X itself publishes; see
http://twitter.com/privacy
.
8.3 Instagram
Instagram is part of Meta Platforms Inc. (former Facebook Inc), 1601
      S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. Data controller for
      users in the EU is Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square,
      Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland. The Instagram Social Media
      button links to our Instagram profile. If you visit our Instagram
      profile or the website of Instagram, their privacy policy applies.
The purpose of data collection and processing and use of the data by
      Instagram or Facebook, as well as the types of data (scope of data),
      can be found by the data subject in the information on data
      protection published by Instagram itself; see:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
.
      The information given above on Facebook applies analogously to
      Instagram.
If the individual follows the link to Instagram, data will be
      processed, collected, transferred, stored, disclosed and used in
      accordance with Instagram's Privacy Policy. Furthermore, when
      visiting the Instagram website, cookies may be stored on the device
      of the data subject. The Facebook cookie policy applies here:
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies
.
      If the data subject is the owner of an Instagram account, the
      information transmitted can be linked to this account by Instagram
      or Facebook.
8.4 Pinterest
The data controller is Pinterest Europe Ltd, Palmerston House, 2nd
      Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland; the Data Protection Officer
      can be contacted here. Pinterest discloses information to its parent
      company in the USA, which is part of the Privacy Policy. Their
      privacy policy applies to
pinterest.com
, over which
      we have no control.
If you follow the link to Pinterest, Pinterest processes data in
      accordance with its privacy policy and cookie policy. Cookies are
      stored on your device when you visit the site. Pinterest's Privacy
      Policy also contains details of the types of data processed by
      Pinterest, and whether and how these are passed on.
If you are a Pinterest account holder, Pinterest can also link this
      data to your account.
9. Information for Californian Customers
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the
    information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is
    provided by the business running Journi and, if the case may be, its
    parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section
    referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
The provisions contained in this section apply to all Users who are
    consumers residing in the state of California, United States of
    America, according to "The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018"
    (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), and,
    for such consumers, these provisions supersede any other possibly
    divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it
    is defined in The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Categories of personal information collected, disclosed or sold
In this section we summarize the categories of personal information
    that we've collected, disclosed or sold and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled
      “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within
      this document.
Information we collect: the categories of personal information we
      collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information
    about you: identifiers, California Consumer Records Statutez.
    information, commercial information, biometric information, internet
    information, geolocation data and sensorial information.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information
    without notifying you.
How we collect information: what are the sources of the personal
      information we collect?
We collect the aforementioned categories of personal information,
    either directly or indirectly, from you when you use Journi.
For example, you directly provide your personal information when you
    submit requests via any forms on Journi. You also provide personal
    information indirectly when you navigate Journi, as personal
    information about you is automatically observed and collected.
    Finally, we may collect your personal information from third parties
    that work with us in connection with the Service or with the
    functioning of Journi and features thereof.
How we use the information we collect: sharing and disclosing of
      your personal information with third parties for a business purpose
We may disclose the personal information we collect about you to a
    third party for business purposes. In this case, we enter a written
    agreement with such third party that requires the recipient to both
    keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any
    purpose(s) other than those necessary for the performance of the
    agreement.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties when
    you explicitly ask or authorize us to do so, in order to provide you
    with our Service.
To find out more about the purposes of processing, please refer to the
    relevant section of this document.
Sale of your personal information
For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “selling, renting,
    releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring
    or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic means,
    a consumer's personal information by the business to
another business or a third party, for monetary or other valuable
      consideration”.
This means that, for example, a sale can happen whenever an
    application runs ads, or makes statistical analyses on the traffic or
    views, or simply because it uses tools such as social network plugins
    and the like.
Your right to opt out of the sale of personal information
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal
    information. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling
    your data, we will abide by your request.
Such requests can be made freely, at any time, without submitting any
    verifiable request, simply by following the instructions below.
Instructions to opt out of the sale of personal information
If you’d like to know more, or exercise your right to opt out in
    regard to all the sales carried out by Journi, both online and
    offline, you can contact us for further information using the contact
    details provided in this document.
What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational
    functioning of Journi and features thereof (“business purposes”). In
    such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion
    necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was
    collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational
    purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as
    for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed
    information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document),
    as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before
    the competent authorities where our rights and interests are
    threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We will not use your personal information for different, unrelated, or
    incompatible purposes without notifying you.
Your California privacy rights and how to exercise them
The right to know and to portability
You have the right to request that we disclose to you:
the categories and sources of the personal information that we
      collect about you, the purposes for which we use your information
      and with whom such information is shared;
in case of sale of personal information or disclosure for a business
      purpose, two separate lists where we disclose:
for sales, the personal information categories purchased by each
          category of recipient; and
for disclosures for a business purpose, the personal information
          categories obtained by each category of recipient.
The disclosure described above will be limited to the personal
    information collected or used over the past 12 months.
If we deliver our response electronically, the information enclosed
    will be "portable", i.e. delivered in an easily usable format to
    enable you to transmit the information to another entity without
    hindrance – provided that this is technically feasible.
The right to request the deletion of your personal information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal
    information, subject to exceptions set forth by the law (such as,
    including but not limited to, where the information is used to
    identify and repair errors on Journi, to detect security incidents and
    protect against fraudulent or illegal activities, to exercise certain
    rights etc.).
If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right,
    we will delete your personal information and direct any of our service
    providers to do so.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your
    verifiable request to us by contacting us via the details provided in
    this document.
For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you
    are. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a
    verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify
      you are the person about whom we collected personal information or
      an authorized representative;
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to
      properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your
    identity and therefore confirm the personal information in our
    possession actually relates to you.
If you cannot personally submit a verifiable request, you can
    authorize a person registered with the California Secretary of State
    to act on your behalf.
If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a
    minor under your parental authority.
You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12
    months.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within 10 days and
    provide information about how we will process your request.
We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Should
    we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how
    much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take
    up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12 month period.
Should we deny your request, we will explain the reasons behind our
    denial to you.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable
    request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. In
    such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the
    request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain
    the reasons behind it.
10. Fonts
We use Adobe Fonts on our website. The IP address is transmitted to
    Adobe in order to display fonts (§ 165 (2) TKG – Austrian
    Telecommunications Code) and out of our and Adobe's legitimate
    interest in ensuring that they are used in accordance with the license
    (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). The IP address is not stored after
    transmission.
To carry out this processing activity, we use Adobe Inc. as processor.
    The data is transferred on the basis of the EU-US Data Privacy
    Framework as an adequacy decision. You can find more information at:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/adobe-fonts.htmlI. General Information
1. Name and Address of the Controller
Journi GmbH
Goldschlagstraße 172/4/2/2+3
1140 Vienna, Austria
E-mail: info@journiapp.com
2. Age Limit
The users of our service must be at least 16 years old. If a person
        concerned is younger than 16 years of age, he/she must first obtain
        the consent of his/her parents/legal guardians before providing us
        with personal data or concluding a contract with us or using our
        services. Without this consent, the provision of personal data is
        prohibited. If a minor user nevertheless provides us with personal
        data, the use of this data will be discontinued as soon as we become
        aware of it.
3. Processors
We have entered into contract agreements with our processors within
        the meaning of Art 28 et seq GDPR, and with those outside the EEA,
        arrangements pursuant to Art 44 et seq GDPR have been concluded, which
        are constantly monitored and audited. Our partners are obliged to
        delete the data after the purpose has been fulfilled, unless this is
        contrary to a legal obligation to retain data.
The following processors regularly process data for us. Further
        processors are, if necessary, indicated with the respective purposes:
Tax consultant / accountant
Lawyer
IT service providers / IT providers and telecommunications providers
Printing and delivery service
3.1 Direct Marketing by Post
We may occasionally reach out to you via postal mail for marketing
        purposes, based on our legitimate interest. To facilitate these
        mailings, we work with data processors based on the country of your
        residence:
Austria (AT):
Mail Boxes Etc. (MBE) | GFN Franchising GmbH
Germany (DE):
MBE Deutschland GmbH
You have the right to opt out of receiving future marketing materials
        by post at any time and free of charge. If you wish to opt out, please
        send an e-mail to
support@journiapp.com
indicating the Subject field as 'Opt Out From Direct Marketing'.
4. Data Erasure and Storage Duration
Personal data of data subjects will be deleted or made anonymous as
        soon as the purpose of the processing no longer applies. Furthermore,
        data may be stored if required by statutory law. Anonymisation or
        deletion of data is carried out when a storage period prescribed by
        the aforementioned laws expires. Any specific provisions can be found
        in the respective processing purposes.
When a customer account is deleted, the tracking data is made
        anonymous, the transaction data is kept for 7 years according to BAO
        (Federal Tax Code) and the content data (comments, links, photos) is
        deleted. If you share a Journi with other users and delete your
        account, the shared content remains in the account of the remaining
        user.
5. Rights of the Data Subject
If your personal is being processed, you are the data subject within
        the meaning of the GDPR and are entitled to the following rights in
        relation to the controller:
5.1 Right of Access to Information
You can request confirmation from the controller as to whether your
          personal data are being processed by us.
In the event of such processing, you may request the following
          information from the controller:
the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
the categories of personal data which are processed;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom your personal
            data have been or will be disclosed;
the planned duration of storage of the personal data relating to
            you or, if it is not possible to give specific details, criteria
            for determining the duration of storage
the existence of a right of rectification or erasure of your
            personal data, a right to have the processing limited by the
            controller or a right to object to such processing
the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
all available information on the origin of the data, if the
            personal data are not collected from the data subject;
the existence of automated decision making, including profiling,
            in accordance with Art. 22 (1) and (4) GDPR and - at least in
            these cases - meaningful information about the logic involved and
            the scope and intended effects of such processing on the data
            subject.
You have the right to request information as to whether your
            personal data are transferred to a third country or to an
            international organisation. In this context, you may request to be
            informed of the appropriate guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR in
            connection with the transfer.
5.2 Right of Rectification
You have the right to ask the data controller to correct and/or
          complete the data if your personal data which is being processed is
          incorrect or incomplete. The data controller shall make the
          correction without delay.
When processing data for scientific, historical or statistical
          research purposes: Your right of rectification may be limited to the
          extent that it is likely to make it impossible or seriously hinder
          the achievement of the research or statistical purposes and the
          limitation is necessary for the achievement of the research or
          statistical purposes.
5.3 Right to Limit Processing
Under the following condtions, you may request the restriction of
          the processing of your personal data:
if you dispute the accuracy of your personal data, the controller
            to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and you object to the deletion of the
            personal data and request instead the restriction of the use of
            the personal data;
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes
            of the processing, but you need it in order to exercise or defend
            your rights, or
if you have lodged an objection to the processing pursuant to Art.
            21 (1) GDPR and it has not yet been established whether the
            legitimate reasons given by the controller outweigh your reasons.
If the processing of personal data relating to you has been
          restricted, such data may be processed, with the exception of
          storage, only with your consent or for the purpose of asserting,
          exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of
          another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public
          interest of the EU or of a Member State.
If the restriction on processing has been restricted in accordance
          with the above conditions, you will be informed by the controller
          before the restriction is lifted.
When processing data for scientific, historical or statistical
          research purposes:
Your right to restrict processing may be limited to the extent that
          it is likely to make the achievement of the research or statistical
          purposes impossible or seriously prejudicial and the restriction is
          necessary for the achievement of the research or statistical
          purposes.
5.4 Right of Cancellation
a) Obligation to delete
may request the controller to delete your personal data without
            delay and the controller is obliged to delete such data without
            delay if one of the following reasons applies:
Your personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for
              which they were collected or otherwise processed.
You revoke your consent on which the processing was based
              pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. a or Art. 9 (2) lit. a GDPR, and
              there is no other legal basis for the processing.
You object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) GDPR and
              there are no legitimate reasons for the processing, or you
              object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (2) GDPR.
Your personal data have been processed unlawfully.
The deletion of your personal data is necessary to comply with a
              legal obligation under EU law or the law of the Member States to
              which the controller is subject.
Your personal data have been collected in relation to
              information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8
              (1) GDPR.
b) Information to third parties
If the controller has made public your personal data and is
            obliged to delete them pursuant to Art. 17 (1) GDPR, he shall take
            reasonable measures, including technical measures - taking into
            account the available technology and the implementation costs - to
            inform data controllers who process the personal data that you, as
            a data subject, have requested them to delete all links to these
            personal data or copies or replications of these personal data.
c) Exceptions
The right of cancellation does not exist insofar as the processing
            is necessary
for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and
              information;
in order to comply with a legal obligation to which the
              processing relates under EU or national law to which the
              controller is subject or in order to perform a task carried out
              in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority
              vested in the controller
for reasons of public interest in the field of public health
              pursuant to Art. 9 (2) lit. h and i and Art. 9 (3) GDPR;
for archiving, scientific or historical research purposes in the
              public interest or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89
              (1) GDPR, insofar as the law referred to in section a) is likely
              to render impossible or seriously prejudice the attainment of
              the objectives of such processing, or
to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
5.5 Right to Information
If you have asserted the right to rectify, erase or limit the
          processing towards the controller, the controller is obliged to
          notify all recipients to whom your personal data have been disclosed
          of this rectification, erasure or limitation of processing, unless
          this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You
          have the right towards the controller to be informed of these
          recipients.
5.6 Right to Data Transferability
You have the right to receive your personal data, which you have
          provided to the controller, in a structured, common and
          machine-readable format. You also have the right to have this data
          transferred to another controller (without interference from
          original controller to whom the personal data has given), provided
          that
the processing is based on a consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit a
            GDPR or Art. 9 (2) lit a GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6
            (1) lit b GDPR and
the processing is carried out by means of automated procedures.
In exercising this right, you also have the right that your personal
          data are transferred directly from one controller to another, as far
          as this is technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other
          persons must not be affected by this. The right to data
          transferability shall not apply to the processing of personal data
          necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public
          interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the
          controller.
5.7 Right of Objection
You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from
          your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data
          which is carried out pursuant to Article 6 (1) lit e or f GDPR; this
          also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The controller shall no longer process your personal data, unless he
          can demonstrate compelling reasons for processing which are
          justified on grounds of protection of your interests, rights and
          freedoms, or if the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend
          legal claims.
If your personal data are processed for the purpose of direct
          marketing, you have the right to object at any time to the
          processing of your personal data for the purpose of such marketing,
          including profiling, insofar as it relates to such direct marketing.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your
          personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes.
You may exercise your right of objection in connection with the use
          of information society services, without prejudice to Directive
          2002/58/EC, by means of automated procedures involving technical
          specifications.
When processing data for scientific, historical or statistical
          research purposes:
You also have the right to object, for reasons arising from your
          particular situation, to the processing of your personal data for
          the purposes of scientific or historical research or for statistical
          purposes in accordance with Art. 89 (1) GDPR.
Your right of objection may be limited to the extent that it is
          likely to make the realisation of the research or statistical
          purposes impossible or seriously impairs them and the limitation is
          necessary for the fulfilment of the research or statistical
          purposes.
5.8 Right to Revoke the Consent Under Data Protection Law
You have the right to revoke your consent under data protection law
          at any time. Revocation of your consent does not affect the legality
          of the processing that has taken place on the basis of your consent
          until revocation.
5.9 Automated Decision in Individual Cases including Profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on
          automated processing, including profiling, that has legal effect on
          you or significantly affects you in a similar manner. This shall not
          apply if the decision
is necessary for the conclusion or fulfilment of a contract
            between you and the controller,
is authorised by EU or national legislation to which the
            controller is subject to and that legislation provides for
            appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and
            your legitimate interests, or
with your express consent.
However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of
          personal data pursuant to Art. 9 (1) GDPR, unless Art. 9 (2) lit. a
          or g applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect
          rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.
With regard to the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the controller
          shall take appropriate measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms
          and your legitimate interests, which shall include at least the
          right to obtain the intervention of any person from the controller,
          to express his or her point of view and to challenge the decision.
5.10 Right of Appeal to a Supervisory Authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy,
          you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
          authority, in particular in the Member State in which you are
          resident, your place of work or the place of the alleged
          infringement, if you consider that the processing of your personal
          data is in breach of the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged
          shall inform the complainant of the status and the results of the
          complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Art.
          78 GDPR.
6. Data Security
We do everything to protect your data. This includes measures to
        prevent manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized
        persons. To this end, we set forth a technical framework (such as
        access controls, locked filing cabinets, password guidelines, etc.),
        organizational framework (such as training courses and usage
        guidelines) and a legal framework (non-disclosure agreements, data
        protection agreements, data processing agreement) which are intended
        to prevent this. All data is stored on our computers and servers or on
        the servers of our service providers with whom contracts for data
        processing have been concluded. All our systems and data processing
        are recorded and described in detail in records of processing
        activities.
II. Processing Purposes
1. Free Customer Account & Services:
1.1 Customer Account
When you register for a free customer account (independent of the
          Journi apps print or blog or the Journi website journiapp.com), the
          following data about you will be processed:
First and last name
Email address
Password (we only store an encrypted version)
Profile picture (optional)
Place of residence (optional)
Birthday (optional)
Gender (optional)
We process this data to fulfil our obligations in the sense of the
General Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use
          
          in accordance with Art 6 (2) lit b GDPR.
Your data will be processed for the duration of your use of the
            app. You can delete your customer account at any time. Afterwards,
            it will be kept for the duration of the tax and company law
            obligation to retain it in accordance with the BAO and the UGB.
            Your data will only be processed within the EEA.
If you log in to the customer account via Facebook, the following
          data and authorisations are requested by Facebook; please note that
          these are responsible (as controller) for data processing by
          Facebook in the sense of GDPR (see also point 8.1 below):
First and last name
Profile picture
Contact list
Photos
Email address
1.2 Free Services
You can use the following free services at Journi:
Use of the Journi mobile apps (without registration)
Use of Journi mobile apps (with registration, without
            subscription)
Use of the Journi web app (without registration)
Use of the Journi web app (with registration, without
            subscription)
When using the free services, the following personal data (in
          addition to the above-mentioned data when registering) are
          processed:
Photos
Place and time of recording (optional)
Comments and likes you leave, these are public
Your personal data will be processed by you in order to fulfil our
          terms of use (free contract), in accordance with Art 6 (1) lit b
          GDPR.
1.3 Referral Program
When using our referral program (Point 8 of our
Terms), registered customers can earn
          credits by inviting third parties to Journi. If a customer uses this
          function, in addition to point 1.1, information about the
          recommendations (invitations and credits) will be processed. The
          data of the third parties will be logged in when clicking the
          corresponding activation link will be processed as for a customer
          account (point 1.1).
1.4 Third Party Photos
If you publish photos of third parties or send them to us, you must
          ensure that this is done in accordance with data protection
          regulations and that the personal rights or other rights of these
          third parties are not violated (see point 4 of our
Terms).
2. Chargeable Services:
If you use paid services with us, your data will be processed for the
        purpose of fulfilling these contracts in accordance with Art 6 (1) lit
        b GDPR. In addition to the above-mentioned data, the contents of the
        contract (duration, price, scope) are processed by us. Your data will
        be processed for the fulfilment of the contractual obligations for the
        duration of the contract. Thereafter, your data will be stored for the
        duration of the tax and company law retention obligations.
2.1 Subscriptions
If you take out a subscription (Point 7.2 of our
Terms), your personal data will be
          processed by the respective App Store.
The processing of the app services with costs is carried out via the
          respective App Store (Apple or Google). For this purpose, you enter
          into an agreement with the respective App Store, which will use your
          data to fulfil this agreement and forward it to us based on their
          privacy policy.
2.2 Print Products
If you order a print product (Point 6.1 of our
Terms), the following personal data will
          be processed:
First and last name
Delivery address
Content and price of the order
Photos that are part of the order (optional)
Company (optional)
Phone number (optional)
Based on the applicable (privacy) laws for your order, your data
          will be passed on to the appropriate partner/s listed below for
          contract fulfillment:
Elanders Donauwörth GmbH
Elanders Waiblingen GmbH
Linemark, Inc (only for orders to or within the US)
Precision Printing Co. Limited (only for orders within the UK)
Alexanders Print Advantage (only for orders to or within the US)
Photo Create Pty Ltd (only for orders within Australia and New
            Zealand)
Our shipping partners
3. Apps:
System permissions (contacts, photos, camera...)
location data
When using the app, you can turn on the respective information. The
        app cannot access the respective data without your consent.
3.1 System Authorisations
For some functions our app must be able to access certain technical
          interfaces and data of the device. Depending on the type of
          operating system, this access may require your explicit consent,
          which will be obtained before the service is used (e.g. camera,
          tracking services). Use of the app is possible without these
          services, but only to a limited extent. You can adjust the
          permission settings in the system settings of your device at any
          time.
The following permissions may be required to use the app:
Location services / location data (See also point 3.2):
            Authorisation to access the location services of the device is
            required to access the location determined by the device.
Camera: Authorisation is required for the app to use the camera
            function of the device. No location data will be collected unless
            you specifically agree to it (above). Access to the camera
            function of the device is only granted when the function is
            activated in the app.
Mobile data (iOS) or access to all networks and network
            connections (Android): Internet access (via WLAN or mobile data
            connection) through the app is required to enable the app to
            transmit and receive data. This permission is required to transfer
            data or photos in the app or user account.
Contact list information: If you choose, you can use our "Import
            Contacts" feature to scan through your contacts list to find
            friends who already use Journi. If you choose to import contacts
            through your device's contacts list, then Journi will access your
            contacts list to determine whether or not someone associated with
            your contact is using Journi. You can choose to grant or deny this
            permission. If granted, your contact list information will be
            collected and used according to our privacy policy.
3.2 Location Services
In order to be able to offer all functions of the app (e.g. photo
          book with location) that are based on the current location, you can
          grant the app the authorization to use the location services of the
          (mobile) device to collect corresponding location data. If the user
          of the app is granted access to the location services, your current
          location will be regularly updated in the app. If the user does not
          grant access, your photos can be transmitted, but not your location.
          The location of an individual photo is also stored publicly along
          with the published photos.
4. Website - Server Log Files:
In order to optimise our websites with regard to system performance,
        user-friendliness and the provision of useful information about our
        services, the provider of the respective website automatically
        collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which
        your browser automatically transmits to us. This includes your
        Internet Protocol address (IP address), browser and language settings,
        operating system, referrer URL, your Internet service provider and
        date/time.
consolidation of this data with personal data sources is not carried
        out. We reserve the right to check these data subsequently if we
        become aware of concrete indications of illegal use.
These log files are processed for 6 months.
The legal basis is, on the one hand, the fulfilment of the contract,
        specifically the provision of our website free of charge (Art. 6 (1)
        lit b GDPR), in our overriding interest in the security and
        functionality of our website (Art. 6 (1) lit f GDPR) and, finally,
        they are technically necessary for the operation of the website (Art.
        165 (2) TKG [Austrian Telecommunication Code]).
5. Contact Form:
When you fill out the contact form on our website, the following data
        is processed:
Message
First and last name
E-mail address
This data is processed for the purpose of fulfilling (pre-)contractual
        obligations in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit b GDPR. We store the
        data until your enquiry has been answered, unless the content of the
        enquiry in question gives rise to a legal obligation to retain the
        data.
For this purpose, the software Zendesk is used as a processor and data
        is processed outside the EEA in accordance with Art 44 et seq GDPR.
        The data is transferred on the basis of the EU-US Data Privacy
        Framework as an adequacy decision.
In order to improve our customer service operations and provide
        automated customer service responses and workflows, we may transfer
        the following data to Ultimate Enterprises Oy., a cloud-based customer
        service automation platform:
First and last name;
E-mail address;
Address (business or personal);
Order history;
Communications (conversations and timestamps); and/or
Customer service information.
All necessary data minimization measures (Pseudonymisation) are taken
        in accordance with Art.32(1b) GDPR. All personal data transferred for
        processing is masked and anonymized using advanced encryption
        measures.
6. Newsletter:
If you agree to receive our newsletter, your e-mail address will be
    used for our own advertising purposes until you unsubscribe. This use
    takes place exclusively on your request and with your consent (Art 6
    (1) lit a GDPR in conjunction with § 174TKG [Austrian
    Telecommunication Code]) and is not a prerequisite for the use of our
    services. The sending of the newsletter includes advertising from us,
    such as updates to the apps and functions, delivery information about
    your orders, information about products, personal offers and deals and
    updates from Journi.
This consent can be revoked by you at any time and free of charge and
    you can unsubscribe from the newsletter. This is possible through the
    settings in your Journi profile or by sending an e-mail to
support@journiapp.com
. In
    addition, a contact option is included in every newsletter to revoke
    the consent.
Iterable is the processor of the newsletter and the associated data
    processing. For this purpose, data is also processed outside the EEA
    in accordance with Art 44 et seq GDPR. The data is transferred on the
    basis of the EU-US Data Privacy Framework as an adequacy decision.
Your data will be deleted after cancellation of the newsletter if
    processing is not necessary for other processing purposes. You will no
    longer receive the newsletter after cancellation.
7. Cookies
7.1 General Information
When using our website, so-called "cookies" are stored on your
      device. These are small text files that store certain settings and
      data for exchange with our system via your browser. A cookie
      contains the name of the domain from which the cookie data was sent,
      information about the age of the cookie and an alphanumeric
      identifier ("cookie ID"), and the following data: IP address,
      browser, operating system, language setting. Cookies help us, for
      example, to improve our website and to be able to offer you
      optimised services.
In the "session cookies" used by us, only the above-mentioned data
      on your use of the website is temporarily stored. These save a
      so-called "session ID", which can be used to assign various requests
      from your browser to a common session. This enables your computer to
      be recognised when you return to our website. Session cookies are
      deleted when you close the browser. In addition, so-called
      "persistent cookies" are used, which are automatically deleted after
      a specified period of time. These enable not only the recognition of
      your device with which you have already visited our website, but
      also the non-personal analysis of your behaviour on our website. In
      the list below you will find information on how long the respective
      cookies are stored.
If you do not wish to use browser cookies, you can set your browser
      to not accept cookies. If you prevent the storage of technically
      required cookies, we would like to point out that you may not be
      able to use our website to its full extent. This means that your
      session will not be saved. For this reason, the settings or progress
      you have selected will not be reopened at the same place where you
      left them the next time you use the websites.
Specifically, the following cookies are involved:
Cookie Name: journi-gdpr
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Duration: 365 days
Data Category: Functionality
Purpose: the user accept cookie terms
Cookie Name: _dd
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Third-party cookie
Purpose: datadog third party
Third Party (Receiver): datadog
Link:
https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/cookies/
Cookie Name: _fbp
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Targeting
Purpose: Is used by Facebook to show a range of advertising
      products, such as real-time bidding from third-party advertisers.
Third Party (Receiver): Facebook
Duration of Storage: 3 months
Link:
https://www.facebook.com/policy/cookies/
Cookie Name: _amplitude
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Third-party cookie
Purpose: Amplitude set a cookie on web to identify the device
Duration of Storage: 365 days
Third Party (Receiver): Amplitude
Link:
https://help.amplitude.com/hc/en-us/articles/206533238-Data-Security-Privacy
Cookie Name: lang
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Functionality
Purpose: selected user language
Duration of Storage: session
Cookie Name: session
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Functionality
Purpose: session of journi user
Duration of Storage: 5 days
Cookie Name: _ga
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Third-party cookie
Purpose: This cookie helps us to understand general user behavior on
      our website better. We use this cookie from Google Ads purely to
      improve the performance of our ad placements. As soon as you reach a
      target predefined by us, the result will be evaluated statistically.
      This enables us to focus on providing higher-quality ads. When you
      browse through our website you will see ads that are more relevant
      to your interests; so you will obtain results which match your
      search criteria even quicker. Your data will only be collected
      anonymously. So we are not able to link this information directly to
      you.
Duration of Storage: 2 years
Third Party (Receiver): google analytics
Link:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage?hl=en-US
Cookie Name: _gid
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Performance
Purpose: With the data from Google Analytics, the user and update
      rates can be distinguished anonymously
Duration of Storage: 1 day
Third Party (Receiver): google analytics
Link:
www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Cookie Name: _hj
Value Domain: journiapp.com
Data Category: Third-party cookie
Purpose: To function properly, Hotjar stores first-party cookies on
      your visitor's browser. Cookies are either set by the Hotjar script,
      or by visiting Hotjar's website. Displaying the correct content to
      your visitors without personally identifying anyone relies on
      Hotjar's cookies.
Duration of Storage: 365 days
Third Party (Receiver): Hotjar
Link:
https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/articles/115011789248-Hotjar-Cookies
7.2 Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc.
      ("Google"). Google uses cookies. The information generated by the
      cookie about the use of the website by the user is usually
      transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use
      of our website by users, to compile reports on the activities within
      this website and to provide us with further services associated with
      the use of this website and the use of the Internet. The processed
      data can be used to create pseudonymous user profiles of the users.
We only use Google Analytics with activated IP anonymisation. This
      means that the IP address of users is shortened by Google within
      member states of the European Union or in other states that are
      party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The IP address
      transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data from
      Google.
The data will be transferred outside the EEA to the parent company
      of the Google group of companies, Google LLC, and to its wholly
      owned U.S. subsidiaries, in accordance with the Privacy Shield
      Principles, when the scope of Google LLC's Privacy Shield
      certification covers the customer's personal information.
Users can prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting their browser
      software accordingly; users can also prevent the collection of data
      generated by the cookie and related to their use of the online offer
      to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading
      and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
For more information about Google's advertising use, opt-out and
      opt-in options, please visit the Google websites:
www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/
("Google's use of data when you use our partners' websites or
      apps"),
www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
("Google's use of data for advertising purposes"),
www.google.de/settings/ads
("Manage the information Google uses to serve ads to you") and
www.google.com/ads/preferences/
("Determine what ads Google shows you"). Order Data Agreement
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/processorterms/
;
      Privacy Policy for GDPR
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=de
.
8. Social Media
For individual processing activities on our company pages, we are
    joint controllers with the respective social medium. In case of
    interactions with our company page and questions about this, you are
    welcome to contact us directly. We would like to point out that we
    have no influence on the type and scope of the processing activities
    of social media platforms.
We process your data within the scope of the respective social media,
    insofar as you share it with us. This may be, for example, your (user)
    name, interactions with our profiles or pages, and comments, based on
    the use of the functionality of the social network (§ 165 (2) TKG
    Austrian Telecommunications Code) and our legitimate interest pursuant
    to Art 6 (1) (f) GDPR, as long as this content is published by you on
    the respective social medium. In the case of direct messages, we
    process the data contained therein for (pre-)contractual communication
    (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR).
8.1 Facebook
The social network facebook.com is operated by Meta Platforms Inc.
      (former Facebook Inc), 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304,
      USA and is used for user interaction. Data controller for users in
      the EU is Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal
      Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland (both: "Facebook"). If you visit our
      Facebook page or the website of Facebook, their privacy policy
      applies.
The purpose of the data collection and processing as well as the use
      of the data by Facebook, as well as the types of data (scope of the
      data) can be found by the user in the notes on data protection,
      which Facebook itself publishes; see:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
. 
      In the interests of the best possible transparency, we summarize
      the key points for the user:
The data collected in this way is used to analyse usage behaviour
      and to provide, select, evaluate, and understand the advertisements
      that Facebook provides on and off Facebook (this includes
      advertisements provided by or on behalf of Facebook subsidiaries)
      and to compile statistics on users. Facebook will also use the data
      available to it to improve its advertising and measurement systems
      so that Facebook can show users on and off Facebook services and
      measure the effectiveness and reach of advertisements and services.
      If the user is registered with Facebook, Facebook is able, by using
      the data collected, to provide services to the user, personalise
      content for the user and provide the user with links and suggestions
      in which the user may be interested. Finally, the collected data is
      used to send marketing communications to the user, to communicate
      with the user about its services and to inform the user about
      Facebook's policies and terms.
If the user is the owner of a Facebook account and visits Facebook
      button, he/she has given his/her consent to the collection,
      transfer, storage, disclosure and use of his/her information in
      accordance with the Facebook Privacy Policy 
      (
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
). 
      The user can change the privacy settings of his Facebook account in the account settings.
Further information on Facebook and the GDPR can be found at:
https://www.facebook.com/business/gdpr#Facebook-als-Datenverantwortlicher-vs.-Auftragsverarbeiter
.
8.2 X (Twitter)
The social network “X” (formerly Twitter) is operated by X Corp.
      Suite 900, 1355 Market Street, San Francisco, California, 94103, USA
      ("X"). The X button links to our profile. On the X website their
      privacy policy applies.
The purpose of the data collection and processing as well as the use
      of the data by X, as well as the types of data (scope of the data)
      can be found by the user in the information on data protection,
      which X itself publishes; see
http://twitter.com/privacy
.
8.3 Instagram
Instagram is part of Meta Platforms Inc. (former Facebook Inc), 1601
      S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. Data controller for
      users in the EU is Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square,
      Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland. The Instagram Social Media
      button links to our Instagram profile. If you visit our Instagram
      profile or the website of Instagram, their privacy policy applies.
The purpose of data collection and processing and use of the data by
      Instagram or Facebook, as well as the types of data (scope of data),
      can be found by the data subject in the information on data
      protection published by Instagram itself; see:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
.
      The information given above on Facebook applies analogously to
      Instagram.
If the individual follows the link to Instagram, data will be
      processed, collected, transferred, stored, disclosed and used in
      accordance with Instagram's Privacy Policy. Furthermore, when
      visiting the Instagram website, cookies may be stored on the device
      of the data subject. The Facebook cookie policy applies here:
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies
.
      If the data subject is the owner of an Instagram account, the
      information transmitted can be linked to this account by Instagram
      or Facebook.
8.4 Pinterest
The data controller is Pinterest Europe Ltd, Palmerston House, 2nd
      Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland; the Data Protection Officer
      can be contacted here. Pinterest discloses information to its parent
      company in the USA, which is part of the Privacy Policy. Their
      privacy policy applies to
pinterest.com
, over which
      we have no control.
If you follow the link to Pinterest, Pinterest processes data in
      accordance with its privacy policy and cookie policy. Cookies are
      stored on your device when you visit the site. Pinterest's Privacy
      Policy also contains details of the types of data processed by
      Pinterest, and whether and how these are passed on.
If you are a Pinterest account holder, Pinterest can also link this
      data to your account.
9. Information for Californian Customers
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the
    information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is
    provided by the business running Journi and, if the case may be, its
    parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section
    referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
The provisions contained in this section apply to all Users who are
    consumers residing in the state of California, United States of
    America, according to "The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018"
    (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), and,
    for such consumers, these provisions supersede any other possibly
    divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it
    is defined in The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Categories of personal information collected, disclosed or sold
In this section we summarize the categories of personal information
    that we've collected, disclosed or sold and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled
      “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within
      this document.
Information we collect: the categories of personal information we
      collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information
    about you: identifiers, California Consumer Records Statutez.
    information, commercial information, biometric information, internet
    information, geolocation data and sensorial information.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information
    without notifying you.
How we collect information: what are the sources of the personal
      information we collect?
We collect the aforementioned categories of personal information,
    either directly or indirectly, from you when you use Journi.
For example, you directly provide your personal information when you
    submit requests via any forms on Journi. You also provide personal
    information indirectly when you navigate Journi, as personal
    information about you is automatically observed and collected.
    Finally, we may collect your personal information from third parties
    that work with us in connection with the Service or with the
    functioning of Journi and features thereof.
How we use the information we collect: sharing and disclosing of
      your personal information with third parties for a business purpose
We may disclose the personal information we collect about you to a
    third party for business purposes. In this case, we enter a written
    agreement with such third party that requires the recipient to both
    keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any
    purpose(s) other than those necessary for the performance of the
    agreement.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties when
    you explicitly ask or authorize us to do so, in order to provide you
    with our Service.
To find out more about the purposes of processing, please refer to the
    relevant section of this document.
Sale of your personal information
For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “selling, renting,
    releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring
    or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic means,
    a consumer's personal information by the business to
another business or a third party, for monetary or other valuable
      consideration”.
This means that, for example, a sale can happen whenever an
    application runs ads, or makes statistical analyses on the traffic or
    views, or simply because it uses tools such as social network plugins
    and the like.
Your right to opt out of the sale of personal information
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal
    information. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling
    your data, we will abide by your request.
Such requests can be made freely, at any time, without submitting any
    verifiable request, simply by following the instructions below.
Instructions to opt out of the sale of personal information
If you’d like to know more, or exercise your right to opt out in
    regard to all the sales carried out by Journi, both online and
    offline, you can contact us for further information using the contact
    details provided in this document.
What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational
    functioning of Journi and features thereof (“business purposes”). In
    such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion
    necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was
    collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational
    purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as
    for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed
    information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document),
    as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before
    the competent authorities where our rights and interests are
    threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We will not use your personal information for different, unrelated, or
    incompatible purposes without notifying you.
Your California privacy rights and how to exercise them
The right to know and to portability
You have the right to request that we disclose to you:
the categories and sources of the personal information that we
      collect about you, the purposes for which we use your information
      and with whom such information is shared;
in case of sale of personal information or disclosure for a business
      purpose, two separate lists where we disclose:
for sales, the personal information categories purchased by each
          category of recipient; and
for disclosures for a business purpose, the personal information
          categories obtained by each category of recipient.
The disclosure described above will be limited to the personal
    information collected or used over the past 12 months.
If we deliver our response electronically, the information enclosed
    will be "portable", i.e. delivered in an easily usable format to
    enable you to transmit the information to another entity without
    hindrance – provided that this is technically feasible.
The right to request the deletion of your personal information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal
    information, subject to exceptions set forth by the law (such as,
    including but not limited to, where the information is used to
    identify and repair errors on Journi, to detect security incidents and
    protect against fraudulent or illegal activities, to exercise certain
    rights etc.).
If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right,
    we will delete your personal information and direct any of our service
    providers to do so.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your
    verifiable request to us by contacting us via the details provided in
    this document.
For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you
    are. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a
    verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify
      you are the person about whom we collected personal information or
      an authorized representative;
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to
      properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your
    identity and therefore confirm the personal information in our
    possession actually relates to you.
If you cannot personally submit a verifiable request, you can
    authorize a person registered with the California Secretary of State
    to act on your behalf.
If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a
    minor under your parental authority.
You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12
    months.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within 10 days and
    provide information about how we will process your request.
We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Should
    we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how
    much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take
    up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12 month period.
Should we deny your request, we will explain the reasons behind our
    denial to you.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable
    request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. In
    such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the
    request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain
    the reasons behind it.
10. Fonts
We use Adobe Fonts on our website. The IP address is transmitted to
    Adobe in order to display fonts (§ 165 (2) TKG – Austrian
    Telecommunications Code) and out of our and Adobe's legitimate
    interest in ensuring that they are used in accordance with the license
    (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). The IP address is not stored after
    transmission.
To carry out this processing activity, we use Adobe Inc. as processor.
    The data is transferred on the basis of the EU-US Data Privacy
    Framework as an adequacy decision. You can find more information at:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/adobe-fonts.html
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://help.amplitude.com/hc/en-us/articles/206533238-Data-Security-Privacy:
Your choice regarding cookies on this site
Cookie Preferences
Sharing your cookies helps us improve site functionality and optimize your experience.
Click Here
to read our cookie policy.
Manage Settings
Accept
Accept
Reject
Settings
documentation
Search
K
Get Started
Data
Analytics
Session Replay
Guides and Surveys
Experiment
Feature Experiment
Web Experiment
Admin
Developers
SDKs
APIs
Partners
FAQ
🤷‍♂️
Oops! There's no page here.
Try a search, or head
home
.
Need help?
Contact Support
Visit
Amplitude.com
Have a look at the Amplitude
Blog
Learn more at
Amplitude Academy
Terms of Service
Privacy Notice
Acceptable Use Policy
Legal
© 2025 Amplitude, Inc. All rights reserved. Amplitude is a registered trademark of Amplitude, Inc.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/:
Datenschutzerklärung & Nutzungsbedingungen
Übersicht
Datenschutzerklärung
Nutzungsbedingungen
Technologien
Häufig gestellte Fragen
Google-Konto
Technologien
Werbung
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
So verwendet Google Cookies
Wie Google Standortinformationen verwendet
Verwendung von Kreditkartennummern durch Google für Zahlungen
Funktionsweise von Google Voice
Leitfaden zum Datenschutz in Google-Produkten
So speichert Google die erhobenen Daten
Im Rahmen der
Privacy Sandbox-Initiative
von Chrome und Android werden für die Werbedienste von Google neue Möglichkeiten getestet, die Auslieferung und Analyse digitaler Werbung so zu unterstützen, dass die Privatsphäre der Nutzer im Web besser geschützt wird. Nutzer, die in Chrome oder Android die entsprechenden Privacy Sandbox-Einstellungen aktiviert haben, sehen möglicherweise relevante Anzeigen von Google-Werbediensten, die auf
Topics
- oder
Protected Audience
-Daten basieren, die in ihrem Browser oder auf ihrem Mobilgerät gespeichert sind. Mit den Werbediensten von Google wird die Anzeigenleistung möglicherweise auch anhand von
Attribution Reporting API-Daten
gemessen, die in ihrem Browser oder auf ihrem Mobilgerät gespeichert sind.
Weitere Informationen zur Privacy Sandbox
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Auf vielen Websites und in vielen Apps werden Google-Dienste eingesetzt, um die Inhalte zu verbessern und auf Dauer eine kostenlose Nutzung zu ermöglichen. Durch die Integration unserer Dienste werden über diese Websites und Apps Daten an Google übermittelt.
Wenn Sie eine Website besuchen, auf der Werbedienste wie AdSense oder Analysetools wie Google Analytics verwendet werden oder Videoinhalte von YouTube eingebettet sind, sendet Ihr Webbrowser automatisch bestimmte Informationen an Google. Hierzu gehören auch die URL der besuchten Seite und Ihre IP-Adresse. Wir können beispielsweise die IP-Adresse nutzen, um Ihren ungefähren Standort zu ermitteln, die Effektivität von Werbung zu messen und, abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen, die Relevanz der Werbung zu verbessern, die Ihnen angezeigt wird. Unter Umständen
setzen wir auch Cookies in Ihrem Browser
oder lesen die bereits vorhandenen Cookies. Auch durch Apps, in denen Werbedienste von Google zum Einsatz kommen, werden Daten an Google übermittelt, zum Beispiel der Name der App und eine eindeutige Kennung für Werbezwecke.
Die durch Websites und Apps übermittelten Informationen verwenden wir zur Bereitstellung, Betreuung und Verbesserung unserer bestehenden Dienste, zur Entwicklung neuer Dienste, zur Messung der Effektivität bestimmter Werbung, zum Schutz vor Betrug und Missbrauch sowie zur Personalisierung von Inhalten und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sowohl bei Google als auch auf unseren Partnerwebsites und ‑apps sehen. In
unserer Datenschutzerklärung
erhalten Sie weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Daten zu jedem einzelnen dieser Zwecke verarbeiten, und auf unserer
Seite zum Thema Werbung
erfahren Sie mehr über Werbung bei Google, wie genau Ihre Daten im Zusammenhang mit Werbung verwendet werden und wie lange Google diese Daten speichert.
Unsere
Datenschutzerklärung
erläutert die rechtlichen Grundlagen, auf der Google Ihre Daten verarbeitet. Es kann beispielsweise sein, dass wir Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten oder um berechtigten Interessen nachzugehen wie der Bereitstellung, Wartung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste, um den Bedürfnissen unserer Nutzer gerecht zu werden.
In einigen Fällen bitten Websites oder Apps, die Daten mit uns teilen, um Ihre Einwilligung, bevor sie zulassen, dass Google Ihre Daten verarbeitet. Beispielsweise kann es sein, dass auf einer Website ein Banner erscheint, in dem Sie um Ihre Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung der auf der Website erhobenen Daten durch Google gebeten werden. In diesen Fällen respektieren wir die in der Einwilligung für die Website oder App beschriebenen Zwecke und stellen diese über die in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google beschriebenen rechtlichen Grundlagen. Wenn Sie Ihre Einwilligung ändern oder widerrufen möchten, sollten Sie dazu die entsprechende Website oder App besuchen.
Personalisierte Werbung
Wenn die personalisierte Werbung aktiviert ist, verwendet Google Ihre Daten dazu, Werbeanzeigen für Sie nützlicher zu gestalten. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel eine Website besuchen, über die Mountainbikes verkauft und auf der Werbedienste von Google eingesetzt werden, sehen Sie danach auf einer anderen Website, auf der Werbeanzeigen von Google eingeblendet sind, unter Umständen eine Werbung für Mountainbikes.
Ist die personalisierte Werbung deaktiviert, werden Ihre Daten weder zur Erstellung eines Werbeprofils erhoben noch verwendet und eingeblendete Werbeanzeigen von Google nicht personalisiert. Ihnen wird weiterhin Werbung angezeigt, die Werbeanzeigen sind jedoch unter Umständen nicht so nützlich für Sie. Welche Werbung Sie sehen, ist zwar nach wie vor vom Gegenstand der Website oder App, die Sie aufgerufen haben, von Ihren aktuellen Suchbegriffen oder von Ihrem Standort abhängig, nicht aber von Ihren Interessen, Ihrem Suchverlauf oder Ihrem Browserverlauf. Ihre Daten werden unter Umständen auch weiterhin zu einem anderen der oben angegebenen Zwecke genutzt – zum Beispiel, um die Effektivität bestimmter Werbung zu messen oder Sie vor Betrug und Missbrauch zu schützen.
Wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps nutzen, bei denen Google-Dienste eingesetzt werden, werden Sie möglicherweise gefragt, ob Sie personalisierte Werbung von Google oder anderen Anbietern sehen möchten oder nicht. Unabhängig davon, wie Sie sich entscheiden, wird Google die Werbung, die Ihnen gezeigt wird, nicht personalisieren, wenn Sie in den Einstellungen für Werbung "Personalisierte Werbung" abgestellt haben oder Ihr Konto für personalisierte Werbung nicht in Frage kommt.
In den
Einstellungen für Werbung
können Sie jederzeit sehen und festlegen, welche Daten Google zum Einblenden von Werbung verwendet.
So legen Sie fest, welche Daten Google auf diesen Websites und in diesen Apps erhebt
Im Folgenden werden einige Möglichkeiten erläutert, wie Sie festlegen können, welche Daten durch Ihr Gerät übermittelt werden, wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps nutzen, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste eingesetzt werden:
Über die
Einstellungen für Werbung
können Sie steuern, welche Werbeanzeigen Sie in Google-Diensten wie der Google-Suche oder YouTube bzw. auf Websites und in Apps sehen, die Werbedienste von Google einsetzen. Außerdem erfahren Sie,
wie Werbeanzeigen personalisiert werden, wie Sie personalisierte Werbung deaktivieren und bestimmte Werbetreibende blockieren können
.
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, können Sie abhängig von Ihren Kontoeinstellungen unter
Meine Aktivitäten
Daten überprüfen und kontrollieren, die durch die Nutzung von Google-Diensten anfallen. Hierzu zählen auch die Informationen, die wir von den von Ihnen aufgerufenen Websites und Apps erheben. Sie können sich die Inhalte nach Datum und Thema sortiert ansehen und Teile Ihrer Aktivitäten oder alle löschen.
Auf vielen Websites und in vielen Apps wird Google Analytics eingesetzt, um feststellen zu können, wie die Nutzer mit den Websites oder Apps interagieren. Falls Sie die Nutzung von Analytics in Ihrem Browser unterbinden möchten, können Sie das
Browser-Add-on zum Deaktivieren von Google Analytics installieren
.
Weitere Informationen zu Google Analytics und Datenschutz
Im
Inkognitomodus in Chrome
können Sie im Web surfen, ohne dass Websites und Dateien im Browser- oder Kontoverlauf erfasst werden – es sei denn, Sie melden sich an. Cookies werden gelöscht, nachdem Sie alle Inkognitofenster und -tabs geschlossen haben. Ihre Lesezeichen und Einstellungen werden gespeichert, bis Sie sie löschen.
Weitere Informationen zu Cookies
Selbst wenn Sie den Inkognitomodus von Chrome oder einen anderen Modus für privates Surfen verwenden, können Daten erhoben werden, sobald Sie Websites besuchen, die Google-Dienste nutzen. Außerdem kann Google Daten erheben, auch wenn Sie Websites mit diesen Browsern besuchen.
In Google Chrome ist es genauso wie in vielen anderen Browsern möglich, Cookies von Drittanbietern zu blockieren. Außerdem können Sie bereits bestehende Cookies aus dem Browser löschen.
Weitere Informationen zur Verwaltung von Cookies in Chrome
Google
Über Google
Datenschutz
Nutzungsbedingungen
Transparenz-Center
Eine Drop‑down-Liste, um die Sprache der Website zu ändern. Jede Option ist der Name einer Sprache. Es gibt insgesamt 65 Optionen.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Hauptmenü
Google-Apps
Sub-policy 3
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/processorterms/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Data Processing Terms
Google and the counterparty agreeing to these terms (“
Customer
”) have entered into an agreement for the provision of the Processor Services (as amended from time to time, the “
Agreement
”).
These Google Ads Data Processing Terms (including the appendices, “
Data Processing Terms
”) are entered into by Google and Customer and supplement the Agreement. These Data Processing Terms will be effective, and replace any previously applicable terms relating to their subject matter (including any data processing amendment or data processing addendum relating to the Processor Services), from the Terms Effective Date.
If you are accepting these Data Processing Terms on behalf of Customer, you warrant that: (a) you have full legal authority to bind Customer to these Data Processing Terms; (b) you have read and understand these Data Processing Terms; and (c) you agree, on behalf of Customer, to these Data Processing Terms. If you do not have the legal authority to bind Customer, please do not accept these Data Processing Terms.
1.
Introduction
These Data Processing Terms reflect the parties’ agreement on the terms governing the processing of Customer Personal Data.
2.
Definitions and Interpretation
2.1
In these Data Processing Terms:
“
Additional Product
” means a product, service or application provided by Google or a third party that: (a) is not part of the Processor Services; and (b) is accessible for use within the user interface of the Processor Services or is otherwise integrated with the Processor Services.
“
Additional Terms
” means the additional terms referred to in Appendix 3, which reflect the parties’ agreement on the terms governing the processing of Customer Personal Data in connection with certain Applicable Data Protection Legislation.
“
Affiliate
” means an entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a party.
“
Applicable Data Protection Legislation
” means, as applicable to the processing of Customer Personal Data, any national, federal, EU, state, provincial or other privacy, data security or data protection law or regulation including European Data Protection Legislation, the LGPD and US State Privacy Laws.
“
Customer Personal Data
” means personal data that is processed by Google on behalf of Customer in Google’s provision of the Processor Services.
“
Data Incident
” means a breach of Google’s security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, Customer Personal Data on systems managed by or otherwise controlled by Google. “Data Incidents” will not include unsuccessful attempts or activities that do not compromise the security of Customer Personal Data, including unsuccessful log-in attempts, pings, port scans, denial of service attacks, and other network attacks on firewalls or networked systems.
“
Data Subject Tool
” means a tool (if any) made available by a Google Entity to data subjects that enables Google to respond directly and in a standardised manner to certain requests from data subjects in relation to Customer Personal Data (for example, online advertising settings or an opt-out browser plugin).
“
EU GDPR
” means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
“
European Data Protection Legislation
” means, as applicable: (a) the GDPR;
                  and/or (b) the Swiss FDPA.
“
GDPR
” means, as applicable: (a) the EU GDPR; and/or (b) the UK GDPR.
“
Google
” means the Google Entity that is party to the Agreement.
“
Google Entity
” means Google LLC, Google Ireland Limited or any other Affiliate of Google LLC.
“
Instructions
” has the meaning given in Section 5.2 (Customer’s Instructions).
“
ISO 27001 Certification
” means ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification or a comparable certification for the Processor Services.
“
LGPD
” means the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais).
“
New Subprocessor
” has the meaning given in Section 11.1 (Consent to Subprocessor Engagement).
“
Notification Email Address
” means the email address designated by Customer, via the user interface of the Processor Services or such other means provided by Google, to receive certain notifications from Google relating to these Data Processing Terms.
“
Processor Services
” means the applicable services listed at
business.safety.google/adsservices
.
“
Security Documentation
” means the certificate issued for the ISO 27001 Certification and any other security certifications or documentation that Google may make available in respect of the Processor Services.
“
Security Measures
” has the meaning given in Section 7.1.1 (Google’s Security Measures).
“
Subprocessors
” means third parties authorised under these Data Processing Terms to have logical access to and process Customer Personal Data in order to provide parts of the Processor Services and any related technical support.
“
Swiss FDPA
” means, as applicable, the Federal Data Protection Act of 19 June 1992 (Switzerland) (with the Ordinance to the Federal Data Protection Act of 14 June 1993), or the revised Federal Data Protection Act of 25 September 2020 (with the Ordinance to the Federal Data Protection Act of 31 August 2022).
“
Term
” means the period from the Terms Effective Date until the end of Google’s provision of the Processor Services under the Agreement.
“
Terms Effective Date
” means the date on which Customer clicked to accept or the parties otherwise agreed to these Data Processing Terms.
“
UK GDPR
” means the EU GDPR as amended and incorporated into UK law under the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, and applicable secondary legislation made under that Act.
“
US State Privacy Laws
” has the meaning found at
business.safety.google/usdataprotectionlaws
.
2.2
The terms “
controller
”, “
data subject
”,
                  “
personal data
”, “
processing
” and “
processor
” as used in these Data Processing Terms have the meanings given by either (a) Applicable Data Protection Legislation; or (b) absent any such meaning or law, the GDPR.
2.3
The words “
include
” and “
including
” mean “including but not limited to”. Any examples in these Data Processing Terms are illustrative and not the sole examples of a particular concept.
2.4
Any reference to a legal framework, statute or other legislative enactment is a reference to it as amended or re-enacted from time to time.
2.5
To the extent any translated version of these Data Processing Terms is inconsistent with the English version, the English version will govern.
3.
Duration of these Data Processing Terms
These Data Processing Terms will take effect on the Terms Effective Date. Regardless of whether the Agreement has terminated or expired, these Data Processing Terms will remain in effect until, and automatically expire when, Google deletes all Customer Personal Data as described in these Data Processing Terms.
4.
Application of these Data Processing Terms
4.1
General
. These Data Processing Terms will only apply to the Processor Services for which the parties agreed to these Data Processing Terms, for example: (a) the Processor Services for which Customer clicked to accept these Data Processing Terms; or (b) if the Agreement incorporates these Data Processing Terms by reference, the Processor Services that are the subject of the Agreement.
4.2
Incorporation of Additional Terms
. The Additional Terms supplement these Data Processing Terms.
5.
Processing of Data
5.1
Roles and Regulatory Compliance; Authorisation
.
5.1.1
Processor and Controller Responsibilities
. The parties acknowledge and agree that:
(a)
Appendix 1 describes the subject matter and details of the processing of Customer Personal Data;
(b)
Google is a processor of Customer Personal Data;
(c)
Customer is a controller or processor, as applicable, of Customer Personal Data; and
(d)
each party will comply with the obligations applicable to it under Applicable Data Protection Legislation with respect to the processing of Customer Personal Data.
5.1.2
Processor Customers
. If Customer is a processor:
(a)
Customer warrants on an ongoing basis that the relevant controller has authorised: (i) the Instructions, (ii)
                      Customer’s appointment of Google as another processor, and (iii) Google’s engagement of Subprocessors as described in Section 11 (Subprocessors);
(b)
Customer will forward to the relevant controller promptly and without undue delay any notice provided by Google under Sections 7.2.1 (Incident Notification) or 11.4 (Opportunity to Object to Subprocessor Changes); and
(c)
Customer may make available to the relevant controller any information made available by Google under Sections 7.4 (Security Certification), 10.2 (Data Centre Information) and 11.2 (Information about Subprocessors).
5.2
Customer’s Instructions
. By entering into these Data Processing Terms, Customer instructs Google to process Customer Personal Data only in accordance with applicable law: (a) to provide the Processor Services and any related technical support; (b) as further specified via Customer’s use of the Processor Services (including in the settings and other functionality of the Processor Services) and any related technical support; (c) as documented in the form of the Agreement (including these Data Processing Terms); and (d) as further documented in any other written instructions given by Customer and acknowledged by Google as constituting instructions for purposes of these Data Processing Terms (collectively, the “
Instructions
”).
5.3
Google’s Compliance with Instructions
. Google will comply with the Instructions unless prohibited by applicable laws, or such applicable laws require other processing.
5.4
Additional Products
. If Customer uses any Additional Product, the Processor Services may allow that Additional Product to access Customer Personal Data as required for the interoperation of the Additional Product with the Processor Services. For clarity, these Data Processing Terms do not apply to the processing of personal data in connection with the provision of any Additional Product used by Customer, including personal data transmitted to or from that Additional Product.
6.
Data Deletion
6.1
Deletion During Term
.
6.1.1
Processor Services With Deletion Functionality
. During the Term, if:
(a)
the functionality of the Processor Services includes the option for Customer to delete Customer Personal Data;
(b)
Customer uses the Processor Services to delete certain Customer Personal Data; and
(c)
the deleted Customer Personal Data cannot be recovered by Customer (for example, from the
                      “trash”),
then Google will delete such Customer Personal Data from its systems as soon as reasonably practicable and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless applicable laws require storage.
6.1.2
Processor Services Without Deletion Functionality
. During the Term, if the functionality of the Processor Services does not include the option for Customer to delete Customer Personal Data, then Google will comply with:
(a)
any reasonable request from Customer to facilitate such deletion, insofar as this is possible taking into account the nature and functionality of the Processor Services and unless applicable laws require storage; and
(b)
the data retention practices described at
policies.google.com/technologies/ads
.
Google may charge a fee (based on Google’s reasonable costs) for any data deletion under Section 6.1.2(a).
                    Google will provide Customer with further details of any applicable fee, and the basis of its calculation, in advance of any such data deletion.
6.2
Deletion on Term Expiry
. Customer instructs Google to delete all remaining Customer Personal Data (including existing copies) from Google’s systems at the end of the Term in accordance with applicable law. Google will comply with this instruction as soon as reasonably practicable and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless applicable laws require storage.
7.
Data Security
7.1
Google’s Security Measures and Assistance
.
7.1.1
Google’s Security Measures
. Google will implement and maintain technical and organisational measures to protect Customer Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access as described in Appendix 2 (the “
Security Measures
”). As described in Appendix 2, the Security Measures include measures: (a) to encrypt personal data; (b) to help ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of Google’s systems and services; (c) to help restore timely access to personal data following an incident; and (d) for regular testing of effectiveness. Google may update or modify the Security Measures from time to time, provided that such updates and modifications do not result in the degradation of the overall security of the Processor Services.
7.1.2
Access and Compliance
. Google will: (a) authorise its employees, contractors and Subprocessors to access Customer Personal Data only as strictly necessary to comply with the Instructions; (b) take appropriate steps to ensure compliance with the Security Measures by its employees, contractors and Subprocessors to the extent applicable to their scope of performance; and (c) ensure that all persons authorised to process Customer Personal Data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality.
7.1.3
Google’s Security Assistance
. Google will (taking into account the nature of the processing of Customer Personal Data and the information available to Google) assist Customer in ensuring compliance with Customer’s (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations relating to security of personal data and personal data breaches under Applicable Data Protection Legislation, by:
(a)
implementing and maintaining the Security Measures in accordance with Section 7.1.1 (Google’s Security Measures);
(b)
complying with the terms of Section 7.2 (Data Incidents); and
(c)
providing Customer with the Security Documentation in accordance with Section 7.5 (Verifying Compliance) and the information contained in these Data Processing Terms.
7.2
Data Incidents
.
7.2.1
Incident Notification
. If Google becomes aware of a Data Incident, Google will:
(a)
notify Customer of the Data Incident promptly and without undue delay; and
(b)
promptly take reasonable steps to minimise harm and secure Customer Personal Data.
7.2.2
Details of Data Incident
. Notifications made under Section 7.2.1 (Incident Notification) will describe: the nature of the Data Incident including the Customer resources impacted; the measures Google has taken, or plans to take, to address the Data Incident and mitigate its potential risk; the measures, if any, Google recommends that Customer take to address the Data Incident; and details of a contact point where more information can be obtained. If it is not possible to provide all such information at the same time, Google’s initial notification will contain the information then available and further information will be provided without undue delay as it becomes available.
7.2.3
Delivery of Notification
. Google will deliver its notification of any Data Incident to the Notification Email Address or, at Google’s discretion (including if Customer has not provided a Notification Email Address), by other direct communication (for example, by phone call or an in-person meeting). Customer is solely responsible for providing the Notification Email Address and ensuring that the Notification Email Address is current and valid.
7.2.4
Third Party Notifications
. Customer is solely responsible for complying with incident notification laws applicable to Customer and fulfilling any third party notification obligations related to any Data Incident.
7.2.5
No Acknowledgement of Fault by Google
. Google’s notification of or response to a Data Incident under this Section 7.2 (Data Incidents) will not be construed as an acknowledgement by Google of any fault or liability with respect to the Data Incident.
7.3
Customer’s Security Responsibilities and Assessment
.
7.3.1
Customer’s Security Responsibilities
. Customer agrees that, without prejudice to Google’s obligations under Sections 7.1 (Google’s Security Measures and Assistance) and 7.2 (Data Incidents):
(a)
Customer is responsible for its use of the Processor Services, including:
(i)
making appropriate use of the Processor Services to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk in respect of Customer Personal Data; and
(ii)
securing the account authentication credentials, systems and devices Customer uses to access the Processor Services; and
(b)
Google has no obligation to protect Customer Personal Data that Customer elects to store or transfer outside of Google’s and its Subprocessors’ systems.
7.3.2
Customer’s Security Assessment
. Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Security Measures implemented and maintained by Google as set out in Section 7.1.1 (Google’s Security Measures) provide a level of security appropriate to the risk in respect of Customer Personal Data, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of the processing of Customer Personal Data as well as the risks to individuals.
7.4
Security Certification
. To evaluate and help ensure the continued effectiveness of the Security Measures, Google will maintain the ISO 27001 Certification.
7.5
Verifying Compliance
. To demonstrate compliance by Google with its obligations under these Data Processing Terms, and to assist Customer in verifying Google’s compliance with (i) Customer’s Instructions; (ii) its obligations under these Data Processing Terms; and (iii) its obligations under Applicable Data Protection Legislation, Google will:
(a)
make the Security Documentation available for review by Customer;
(b)
provide the information contained in the Data Processing Terms; and
(c)
provide or otherwise make available, in accordance with Google’s standard practices, other materials concerning the nature of the Processor Services and the processing of Customer Personal Data (for example, help centre materials). Customer may also verify Google’s compliance with its obligations under these Data Processing Terms by reviewing the certificate issued for the ISO 27001 Certification (which reflects the outcome of an audit conducted by a third party auditor).
8.
Impact Assessments and Consultations
Google will (taking into account the nature of the processing and the information available to Google) assist Customer in ensuring compliance with Customer’s (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations relating to data protection impact assessments and prior regulatory consultations under Applicable Data Protection Legislation, by:
(a)
providing the Security Documentation in accordance with Section 7.5 (Verifying Compliance);
(b)
providing the information contained in the Agreement (including these Data Processing Terms); and
(c)
providing or otherwise making available, in accordance with Google’s standard practices, other materials concerning the nature of the Processor Services and the processing of Customer Personal Data (for example, help centre materials).
9.
Data Subject Rights
9.1
Responses to Data Subject Requests
. If Google receives a request from a data subject in relation to Customer Personal Data, Customer authorises Google to, and Google hereby notifies Customer that it will:
(a)
respond directly to the data subject’s request in accordance with the standard functionality of the Data Subject Tool (if the request is made via a Data Subject Tool); or
(b)
advise the data subject to submit their request to Customer, and Customer will be responsible for responding to such request (if the request is not made via a Data Subject Tool).
9.2
Google’s Data Subject Request Assistance
. Google will assist Customer in fulfilling its (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations under Applicable Data Protection Legislation to respond to requests for exercising the data subject’s rights, in all cases taking into account the nature of the processing of Customer Personal Data and, if applicable, Article 11 of the GDPR, by:
(a)
providing the functionality of the Processor Services;
(b)
complying with the commitments set out in Section 9.1 (Responses to Data Subject Requests); and
(c)
if applicable to the Processor Services, making available Data Subject Tools.
9.3
Rectification
. If Customer becomes aware that any Customer Personal Data is inaccurate or outdated, Customer will be responsible for rectifying or deleting that data if required by Applicable Data Protection Legislation, including (where available) by using the functionality of the Processor Services.
10.
Data Transfers
10.1
Data Storage and Processing Facilities
. Subject to any provisions applicable to data transfers set out in the Additional Terms, Google may process Customer Personal Data in any country in which Google or its Subprocessors maintain facilities.
10.2
Data Centre Information
. Information about the locations of Google data centres is available at
www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
.
11.
Subprocessors
11.1
Consent to Subprocessor Engagement
. Customer specifically authorises the engagement as Subprocessors of those entities listed as of the Terms Effective Date at the URL specified in Section 11.2
                  (Information about Subprocessors). In addition, without prejudice to Section 11.4 (Opportunity to Object to Subprocessor Changes) Customer generally authorises the engagement of any other third parties as Subprocessors (“
New Subprocessors
”).
11.2
Information about Subprocessors
. Information about Subprocessors is available at
business.safety.google/adssubprocessors
.
11.3
Requirements for Subprocessor Engagement
. When engaging any Subprocessor, Google will:
(a)
ensure via a written contract that the Subprocessor only accesses and uses Customer Personal Data to the extent required to perform the obligations subcontracted to it, and does so in accordance with the Agreement (including these Data Processing Terms); and
(b)
remain fully liable for all obligations subcontracted to, and all acts and omissions of, the Subprocessor.
11.4
Opportunity to Object to Subprocessor Changes
.
(a)
When any New Subprocessor is engaged during the Term, Google will, at least 30 days before the New Subprocessor processes any Customer Personal Data, inform Customer of the engagement (including the name and location of the relevant New Subprocessor and the activities it will perform) by sending an email to the Notification Email Address.
(b)
Customer may object to any New Subprocessor by terminating the Agreement for convenience immediately upon written notice to Google, on condition that Customer provides such notice within 90 days of being informed of the engagement of the New Subprocessor as described in Section 11.4(a).
12.
Contacting Google; Processing Records
12.1
Contacting Google
. Customer may contact Google in relation to the exercise of its rights under these Data Processing Terms via the methods described at
privacy.google.com/businesses/processorsupport
or via such other means as may be provided by Google from time to time. Google will provide prompt and reasonable assistance with Customer queries Google receives via such means, and that relate to the processing of Customer Personal Data under the Agreement.
12.2
Google’s Processing Records
. Google will keep appropriate documentation of its processing activities as required by Applicable Data Protection Legislation.
12.3
Controller Requests
. If Google receives a request or instruction via the methods described in Section 12.1 (or any other method) from a third party purporting to be a controller of Customer Personal Data, Google will advise the third party to contact Customer.
13.
Liability
If the Agreement is governed by the laws of:
(a)
a state of the United States of America, then, regardless of anything else in the Agreement, the total liability of either party towards the other party under or in connection with these Data Processing Terms will be limited to the maximum monetary or payment-based amount at which that party’s liability is capped under the Agreement (and therefore, any exclusion of indemnification claims from the Agreement’s limitation of liability will not apply to indemnification claims under the Agreement relating to the Applicable Data Protection Legislation); or
(b)
a jurisdiction that is not a state of the United States of America, then the liability of the parties under or in connection with these Data Processing Terms will be subject to the exclusions and limitations of liability in the Agreement.
14.
Effect of these Data Processing Terms
14.1
Order of Precedence
. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Additional Terms, the remainder of these Data Processing Terms and/or the remainder of the Agreement, then the following order of precedence will apply:
(a)
the Additional Terms (if applicable);
(b)
the remainder of these Data Processing Terms; and
(c)
the remainder of the Agreement.
Subject to the amendments in these Data Processing Terms, the Agreement remains in full force and effect.
14.2
No Effect on Controller Terms
. These Data Processing Terms will not affect any separate terms between Google and Customer reflecting a controller-controller relationship for a service other than the Processor Services.
15.
Changes to these Data Processing Terms
15.1
Changes to URLs
. From time to time, Google may change any URL referenced in these Data Processing Terms and the content at any such URL, except that Google may only change the list of potential Processor Services at
business.safety.google/adsservices
:
(a)
to reflect a change to the name of a service;
(b)
to add a new service; or
(c)
to remove a service (or a feature of a service) where either: (i) all contracts for the provision of that service are terminated; (ii) Google has Customer’s consent; or (iii) the service, or a certain feature of the service, has been recategorised as a controller service.
15.2
Changes to Data Processing Terms.
Google may change these Data Processing Terms if the change:
(a)
is expressly permitted by these Data Processing Terms, including as described in Section 15.1
                    (Changes to URLs);
(b)
reflects a change in the name or form of a legal entity;
(c)
is required to comply with applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency, or reflects Google’s adoption of an Alternative Transfer Solution (as defined in Appendix 3A); or
(d)
does not: (i) result in a degradation of the overall security of the Processor Services; (ii) expand the scope of, or remove any restrictions on, (x) in the case of the Additional Terms, Google’s rights to use or otherwise process the data in scope of the Additional Terms or (y) in the case of the remainder of these Data Processing Terms, Google’s processing of Customer Personal Data, as described in Section 5.3 (Google’s Compliance with Instructions); and (iii) otherwise have a material adverse impact on Customer’s rights under these Data Processing Terms, as reasonably determined by Google.
15.3
Notification of Changes
. If Google intends to change these Data Processing Terms under Section 15.2(c) or (d), Google will inform Customer at least 30 days (or such shorter period as may be required to comply with applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency) before the change will take effect by either: (a) sending an email to the Notification Email Address; or (b) alerting Customer via the user interface for the Processor Services. If Customer objects to any such change, Customer may immediately terminate the Agreement for convenience by giving written notice to Google within 90 days of being informed by Google of the change.
Appendix 1: Subject Matter and Details of the Data Processing
Subject Matter
Google’s provision of the Processor Services and any related technical support to Customer.
Duration of the Processing
The Term plus the period from the end of the Term until deletion of all Customer Personal Data by Google in accordance with these Data Processing Terms.
Nature and Purpose of the Processing
Google will process (including, as applicable to the Processor Services and the Instructions collecting, recording, organising, structuring, storing, altering, retrieving, using, disclosing, combining, erasing and destroying) Customer Personal Data for the purpose of providing the Processor Services and any related technical support to Customer in accordance with these Data Processing Terms.
Types of Personal Data
Customer Personal Data may include the types of personal data described at
business.safety.google/adsservices
.
Categories of Data Subjects
Customer Personal Data will concern the following categories of data subjects:
data subjects about whom Google collects personal data in its provision of the Processor Services; and/or
data subjects about whom personal data is transferred to Google in connection with the Processor Services by, at the direction of, or on behalf of Customer.
Depending on the nature of the Processor Services, these data subjects may include individuals: (a) to whom online advertising has been, or will be, directed; (b) who have visited specific websites or applications in respect of which Google provides the Processor Services; and/or (c) who are customers or users of Customer’s products or services.
Appendix 2: Security Measures
As from the Terms Effective Date, Google will implement and maintain the Security Measures set out in this Appendix 2. Google may update or modify such Security Measures from time to time, provided that such updates and modifications do not result in the degradation of the overall security of the Processor Services.
1.
Data Centre & Network Security
(a)
Data Centres
.
Infrastructure
. Google maintains geographically distributed data centres. Google stores all production data in physically secure data centres.
Redundancy
. Infrastructure systems have been designed to eliminate single points of failure and minimise the impact of anticipated environmental risks. Dual circuits, switches, networks or other necessary devices help provide this redundancy. The Processor Services are designed to allow Google to perform certain types of preventative and corrective maintenance without interruption. All environmental equipment and facilities have documented preventative maintenance procedures that detail the process for and frequency of performance in accordance with the manufacturer's or internal specifications. Preventative and corrective maintenance of the data centre equipment is scheduled through a standard process according to documented procedures.
Power
. The data centre electrical power systems are designed to be redundant and maintainable without impact to continuous operations, 24 hours a day, and 7 days a week. In most cases, a primary as well as an alternate power source, each with equal capacity, is provided for critical infrastructure components in the data centre. Backup power is provided by various mechanisms such as uninterruptible power supply (UPS) batteries, which supply consistently reliable power protection during utility brownouts, blackouts, over voltage, under voltage, and out-of-tolerance frequency conditions. If utility power is interrupted, backup power is designed to provide transitory power to the data centre, at full capacity, for up to 10 minutes until the backup generator systems take over. The backup generators are capable of automatically starting up within seconds to provide enough emergency electrical power to run the data centre at full capacity typically for a period of days.
Server Operating Systems
. Google servers use hardened operating systems which are customised for the unique server needs of the business. Data is stored using proprietary algorithms to augment data security and redundancy. Google employs a code review process to increase the security of the code used to provide the Processor Services and enhance the security products in production environments.
Business Continuity
. Google replicates data over multiple systems to help to protect against accidental destruction or loss. Google has designed and regularly plans and tests its business continuity planning/disaster recovery programs.
Encryption Technologies
. Google’s security policies mandate encryption at rest for all user data, including personal data. Data is often encrypted at multiple levels in Google’s production storage stack in data centres, including at the hardware level, without requiring any action by customers. Using multiple layers of encryption adds redundant data protection and allows Google to select the optimal approach based on application requirements. All personal data is encrypted at the storage level, generally using AES256. Google uses common cryptographic libraries which incorporate Google’s FIPS 140-2 validated module, to implement encryption consistently across the Processor Services.
(b)
Networks & Transmission
.
Data Transmission
. Data centres are typically connected via high-speed private links to provide secure and fast data transfer between data centres. Further, Google encrypts data transmitted between data centres. This is designed to prevent data from being read, copied, altered or removed without authorisation during electronic transport. Google transfers data via Internet standard protocols.
External Attack Surface
. Google employs multiple layers of network devices and intrusion detection to protect its external attack surface. Google considers potential attack vectors and incorporates appropriate purpose built technologies into external facing systems.
Intrusion Detection
. Intrusion detection is intended to provide insight into ongoing attack activities and provide adequate information to respond to incidents. Google’s intrusion detection involves:
1.
Tightly controlling the size and make-up of Google’s attack surface through preventative measures;
2.
Employing intelligent detection controls at data entry points; and
3.
Employing technologies that automatically remedy certain dangerous situations.
Incident Response
. Google monitors a variety of communication channels for security incidents, and Google’s security personnel will react promptly to known incidents.
Encryption Technologies
. Google makes HTTPS encryption (also referred to as TLS connection) available. Google servers support ephemeral elliptic curve Diffie Hellman cryptographic key exchange signed with RSA and ECDSA. These perfect forward secrecy (PFS) methods help protect traffic and minimise the impact of a compromised key, or a cryptographic breakthrough.
2.
Access and Site Controls
(a)
Site Controls
.
On-site Data Centre Security Operation
. Google’s data centres maintain an on-site security operation responsible for all physical data centre security functions 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The on-site security operations personnel monitor Closed Circuit TV (“
CCTV
”) cameras and all alarm systems. On-site security operation personnel perform internal and external patrols of the data centre regularly.
Data Centre Access Procedures
. Google maintains formal access procedures for allowing physical access to the data centres. The data centres are housed in facilities that require electronic card key access, with alarms that are linked to the on-site security operation. All entrants to the data centre are required to identify themselves as well as show proof of identity to on-site security operations. Only authorised employees, contractors and visitors are allowed entry to the data centres. Only authorised employees and contractors are permitted to request electronic card key access to these facilities. Data centre electronic card key access requests must be made in advance and in writing, and require the approval of authorised data centre personnel. All other entrants requiring temporary data centre access must: (i) obtain approval in advance from authorised data centre personnel for the specific data centre and internal areas they wish to visit; (ii) sign in at on-site security operations; and (iii) reference an approved data centre access record identifying the individual as approved.
On-site Data Centre Security Devices
. Google’s data centres employ an electronic card key and biometric access control system that is linked to a system alarm. The access control system monitors and records each individual’s electronic card key and when they access perimeter doors, shipping and receiving, and other critical areas. Unauthorised activity and failed access attempts are logged by the access control system and investigated, as appropriate. Authorised access throughout the business operations and data centres is restricted based on zones and the individual’s job responsibilities. The fire doors at the data centres are alarmed. CCTV cameras are in operation both inside and outside the data centres. The positioning of the cameras has been designed to cover strategic areas including, among others, the perimeter, doors to the data centre building, and shipping/receiving. On-site security operations personnel manage the CCTV monitoring, recording and control equipment. Secure cables throughout the data centres connect the CCTV equipment. Cameras record on-site via digital video recorders 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The surveillance records are retained for at least 7 days based on activity.
(b)
Access Control
.
Infrastructure Security Personnel
. Google has, and maintains, a security policy for its personnel, and requires security training as part of the training package for its personnel. Google’s infrastructure security personnel are responsible for the ongoing monitoring of Google’s security infrastructure, the review of the Processor Services, and responding to security incidents.
Access Control and Privilege Management
. Customer's administrators and users must authenticate themselves via a central authentication system or via a single sign on system in order to use the Processor Services.
Internal Data Access Processes and Policies – Access Policy
. Google’s internal data access processes and policies are designed to prevent unauthorised persons and/or systems from gaining access to systems used to process personal data. Google aims to design its systems to: (i) only allow authorised persons to access data they are authorised to access; and (ii) ensure that personal data cannot be read, copied, altered or removed without authorisation during processing, use and after recording. The systems are designed to detect any inappropriate access. Google employs a centralised access management system to control personnel access to production servers, and only provides access to a limited number of authorised personnel. LDAP, Kerberos and a proprietary system utilising digital certificates are designed to provide Google with secure and flexible access mechanisms. These mechanisms are designed to grant only approved access rights to site hosts, logs, data and configuration information. Google requires the use of unique user IDs, strong passwords, two factor authentication and carefully monitored access lists to minimise the potential for unauthorised account use. The granting or modification of access rights is based on: the authorised personnel’s job responsibilities; job duty requirements necessary to perform authorised tasks; and a need to know basis. The granting or modification of access rights must also be in accordance with Google’s internal data access policies and training. Approvals are managed by workflow tools that maintain audit records of all changes. Access to systems is logged to create an audit trail for accountability. Where passwords are employed for authentication (e.g. login to workstations), password policies that follow at least industry standard practices are implemented. These standards include restrictions on password reuse and sufficient password strength.
3.
Data
(a)
Data Storage, Isolation & Authentication
.
Google stores data in a multi-tenant environment on Google-owned servers. Data, the Processor Services database and file system architecture are replicated between multiple geographically dispersed data centres. Google logically isolates each customer's data. A central authentication system is used across all Processor Services to increase uniform security of data.
(b)
Decommissioned Disks and Disk Destruction Guidelines
.
Certain disks containing data may experience performance issues, errors or hardware failure that lead them to be decommissioned (“
Decommissioned Disk
”). Every Decommissioned Disk is subject to a series of data destruction processes (the “
Data Destruction Guidelines
”) before leaving Google’s premises either for reuse or destruction. Decommissioned Disks are erased in a multi-step process and verified complete by at least two independent validators. The erase results are logged by the Decommissioned Disk’s serial number for tracking. Finally, the erased Decommissioned Disk is released to inventory for reuse and redeployment. If, due to hardware failure, the Decommissioned Disk cannot be erased, it is securely stored until it can be destroyed. Each facility is audited regularly to monitor compliance with the Data Destruction Guidelines.
(c)
Pseudonymous Data
.
Online advertising data are commonly associated with online identifiers which on their own are considered ’pseudonymous’ (i.e. they cannot be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional information). Google has a robust set of policies and technical and organisational controls in place to ensure the separation between pseudonymous data and personally identifiable user information (i.e. information that could be used on its own to directly identify, contact, or precisely locate an individual), such as a user’s Google account data. Google policies only allow for information flows between pseudonymous and personally identifiable data in strictly limited circumstances.
(d)
Launch reviews
.
Google conducts launch reviews for new products and features prior to launch. This includes a privacy review conducted by specially trained privacy engineers. In privacy reviews, privacy engineers ensure that all applicable Google policies and guidelines are followed, including but not limited to policies relating to pseudonymisation and data retention and deletion.
4.
Personnel Security
Google personnel are required to conduct themselves in a manner consistent with the company’s guidelines regarding confidentiality, business ethics, appropriate usage, and professional standards. Google conducts reasonably appropriate background checks to the extent legally permissible and in accordance with applicable local labor law and statutory regulations.
Personnel are required to execute a confidentiality agreement and must acknowledge receipt of, and compliance with, Google’s confidentiality and privacy policies. Personnel are provided with security training. Personnel handling Customer Personal Data are required to complete additional requirements appropriate to their role. Google’s personnel will not process Customer Personal Data without authorisation.
5.
Subprocessor Security
Before onboarding Subprocessors, Google conducts an audit of the security and privacy practices of Subprocessors to ensure Subprocessors provide a level of security and privacy appropriate to their access to data and the scope of the services they are engaged to provide. Once Google has assessed the risks presented by the Subprocessor, the Subprocessor is required to enter into appropriate security, confidentiality and privacy contract terms, subject to the requirements set out in Section 11.3 (Requirements for Subprocessor Engagement).
Appendix 3: Additional Terms for Applicable Data Protection Legislation
PART A - ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION LEGISLATION
1.
Introduction
This Appendix 3A will only apply to the extent that the European Data Protection Legislation applies to the
                  processing of Customer Personal Data.
2.
Additional Definitions
2.1
In this Appendix 3A:
“
Adequate Country
” means:
(a)
for data processed subject to the EU GDPR: the EEA, or a country or territory
                      recognized as ensuring adequate protection under the EU GDPR;
(b)
for data processed subject to the UK GDPR: the UK, or a country or territory recognized
                      as ensuring adequate protection under the UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018; and/or
(c)
for data processed subject to the Swiss FDPA: Switzerland, or a country or territory
                      that is: (i) included in the list of the states whose legislation ensures adequate protection as
                      published by the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, or (ii) recognized as
                      ensuring adequate protection by the Swiss Federal Council under the Swiss FDPA,
in each case, other than on the basis of an optional data protection framework.
“
Alternative Transfer Solution
” means a solution, other than SCCs, that enables the lawful
                    transfer of personal data to a third country in accordance with European Data Protection Legislation, for
                    example a data protection framework recognized as ensuring that participating entities provide adequate
                    protection.
“
Customer SCCs
” means the SCCs (Controller-to-Processor), the SCCs
                    (Processor-to-Controller), and/or the SCCs (Processor-to-Processor), as applicable.
“
EEA
” means the European Economic Area.
“
European Laws
” means, as applicable: (a) EU or EU Member State law (if the EU GDPR applies
                    to the processing of Customer Personal Data); (b) the law of the UK or a part of the UK (if the UK GDPR
                    applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data); and (c) the law of Switzerland (if the Swiss FDPA
                    applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data).
“
SCCs
” means the Customer SCCs and/or SCCs (Processor-to-Processor, Google Exporter), as
                    applicable.
“
SCCs (Controller-to-Processor)
” means the terms at
business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/sccs/c2p
.
“
SCCs (Processor-to-Controller)
” means the terms at
business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/sccs/p2c
.
“
SCCs (Processor-to-Processor)
” means the terms at
business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/sccs/p2p
.
“
SCCs (Processor-to-Processor, Google Exporter)
” means the terms at
business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/sccs/p2p-intra-group
.
“
Supervisory Authority
” means, as applicable: (a) a “supervisory authority” as defined in
                    the EU GDPR; and/or (b) the “Commissioner” as defined in the UK GDPR and/or the Swiss FDPA.
2.2
The terms “
data importer
” and “
data exporter
” have the
                    meanings given in the applicable SCCs.
3.
Processor Customers.
If Customer is a processor, Customer will forward to the relevant controller promptly and without undue delay, any notice that refers to any SCCs.
4.
European Laws.
Where European Data Protection Legislation applies to Google’s processing of Customer Personal Data, references
                  to “applicable laws” in Sections 5.3 (Google’s Compliance with Instructions), 6.1.1 (Processor Services
                  with Deletion Functionality), 6.1.2(a) (Processor Services without Deletion Functionality) and Section 6.2
                  (Deletion on Term Expiry), means “European Laws.”
5.
Instruction Notifications.
Google will immediately notify Customer if, in Google’s opinion: (a) European Laws prohibit Google from
                  complying with an Instruction; (b) an Instruction does not comply with European Data Protection Legislation; or
                  (c) Google is otherwise unable to comply with an Instruction, in each case unless such notice is prohibited by
                  European Law. If Customer is a processor, Customer will immediately forward to the relevant controller any
                  notice provided by Google under this paragraph. This paragraph 5 (Instruction Notifications) does not reduce
                  either party’s rights and obligations elsewhere in the Agreement.
6.
Audits of Compliance
6.1
Customer’s Audit Rights
.
(a)
Google will allow Customer or a third party auditor appointed by Customer to conduct
                      audits (including inspections) to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations under these Data
                      Processing Terms in accordance with paragraph 6.2 (Additional Business Terms for Audits) of this
                      Appendix 3A. During an audit, Google will make available all information necessary to demonstrate such
                      compliance and contribute to the audits as described in Section 7.4 (Security Certification) and
                      paragraph 6 (Audits of Compliance) of this Appendix 3A.
(b)
If the SCCs apply under paragraph 7.1 (Restricted European Transfers) of this Appendix
                      3A, Google will allow Customer (or a third-party auditor appointed by Customer) to conduct audits as
                      described in the SCCs and, during the audit, make available all information required by the SCCs, each
                      in accordance with paragraph 6.2 (Additional Business Terms for Audits) of this Appendix 3A .
6.2
Additional Business Terms for Audits
.
(a)
Customer will send any request for an audit under paragraph 6.1(a) or 6.1(b) of this
                      Appendix 3A to Google as described in Section 12.1 (Contacting Google).
(b)
Following receipt by Google of a request under paragraph 6.2(a) of this Appendix 3A,
                      Google and Customer will discuss and agree in advance on the reasonable start date, scope and duration
                      of, and security and confidentiality controls applicable to, any audit under paragraphs 6.1(a) or 6.1(b)
                      of this Appendix 3A.
(c)
Google may charge a fee (based on Google’s reasonable costs) for any audit under paragraphs
                      6.1(a) or 6.1(b) of this Appendix 3A. Google will provide Customer with further details of any applicable
                      fee, and the basis of its calculation, in advance of any such audit. Customer will be responsible for any
                      fees charged by any third party auditor appointed by Customer to execute any such audit.
(d)
Google may object to any third party auditor appointed by Customer to conduct any audit
                      under paragraph 6.1(a) or 6.1(b) of this Appendix 3A if the auditor is, in Google’s reasonable opinion, not
                      suitably qualified or independent, a competitor of Google or otherwise manifestly unsuitable. Any such
                      objection by Google will require Customer to appoint another auditor or conduct the audit itself.
(e)
Nothing in these Data Processing Terms will require Google either to disclose to Customer
                      or its third party auditor, or to allow Customer or its third party auditor to access: (i) any data of any
                      other customer of a Google Entity; (ii) any Google Entity’s internal accounting or financial information;
                      (iii) any trade secret of a Google Entity; (iv) any information that, in Google's reasonable opinion, could:
                      (A) compromise the security of any Google Entity’s systems or premises; or (B) cause any Google Entity to
                      breach its obligations under the European Data Protection Legislation or its security and/or privacy
                      obligations to Customer or any third party; or (v) any information that Customer or its third party auditor
                      seeks to access for any reason other than the good faith fulfilment of Customer’s obligations under the
                      European Data Protection Legislation.
7.
Data Transfers
7.1
Restricted European Transfers
. The parties acknowledge that European Data
                    Protection Legislation does not require SCCs or an Alternative Transfer Solution in order to process
                    Customer Personal Data in or transfer it to an Adequate Country. If Customer Personal Data is transferred to
                    any other country, and European Data Protection Legislation applies to the transfers (“
Restricted
                      European Transfers
”), then:
(a)
if Google has adopted an Alternative Transfer Solution for any Restricted European
                      Transfers, then Google will inform Customer of the relevant solution and ensure that such Restricted
                      European Transfers are made in accordance with that solution; and/or
(b)
if Google has not adopted, or informs Customer that Google is no longer adopting an
                      Alternative Transfer Solution for any Restricted European Transfers, then:
(i)
if Google’s address is in an Adequate Country:
(A)
the SCCs (Processor-to-Processor, Google Exporter) will apply with respect to such
                          Restricted European Transfers from Google to Subprocessors; and
(B)
in addition, if Customer’s address is not in an Adequate Country, the SCCs
                          (Processor-to-Controller) will apply with respect to Restricted European Transfers between Google
                          and Customer (regardless of whether Customer is a controller and/or a processor); or
(ii)
if Google’s address is not in an Adequate Country, the SCCs (Controller-to-Processor)
                        and/or SCCs (Processor-to-Processor) will apply (according to whether Customer is a controller and/or
                        processor) with respect to such Restricted European Transfers between Customer and Google.
7.2
Supplementary Measures and Information
. Google will provide Customer with
                    information relevant to Restricted European Transfers, including information about supplementary measures to
                    protect Customer Personal Data, as described in Section 7.5 (Verifying Compliance), Appendix 2 (Security
                    Measures) and other materials concerning the nature of the Processor Services and the processing of Customer
                    Personal Data (for example, help centre articles).
7.3
Termination
. If Customer concludes, based on its current or intended use of
                    the Processor Services, that the Alternative Transfer Solution and/or SCCs, as applicable, do not provide
                    appropriate safeguards for Customer Personal Data, then Customer may immediately terminate the Agreement for
                    convenience by notifying Google in writing.
7.4
Alternative Transfer Solution Adoption and Certification
. Information about
                    Google and/or its Affiliates’ adoption of, or certification under, any Alternative Transfer Solutions can be
                    found at
https://business.safety.google/adsdatatransfers
.
8.
Subprocessors
. When engaging any Subprocessor, Google will ensure via a written contract that if
                  the processing of Customer Personal Data is subject to European Data Protection Legislation, the data protection
                  obligations in these Data Processing Terms (as referred to in Article 28(3) of the GDPR, if applicable) are
                  imposed on the Subprocessor.
9.
Google’s Processing Records.
Customer acknowledges that Google is required under the GDPR to:
(a)
collect and maintain records of certain information, including: (i) the name and contact
                    details of each processor and/or controller on behalf of which Google is acting and (if applicable) of such
                    processor’s or controller's local representative and data protection officer, and (ii) if applicable under
                    the Customer SCCs, Customer’s Supervisory Authority; and
(b)
make such information available to any Supervisory Authority. Accordingly, Customer will,
                    where requested and as applicable to Customer, provide such information to Google via the user interface of
                    the Processor Services or via such other means as may be provided by Google, and will use such user
                    interface or other means to ensure that all information provided is kept accurate and up-to-date.
10.
SCCs
10.1
Order of Precedence
. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the
                    Customer SCCs and this Appendix 3A, the remainder of these Data Processing Terms or the remainder of the
                    Agreement, then the Customer SCCs will prevail.
10.2
No Modification of SCCs
. Nothing in the Agreement (including these Data
                    Processing Terms) is intended to modify or contradict any SCCs or prejudice the fundamental rights or
                    freedoms of data subjects under the European Data Protection Legislation.
11.
Changes to SCCs
. Google may only change the SCCs in accordance with Sections 15.2(b) - 15.2(d)
                  (Changes to Data Processing Terms) or to incorporate any new version of the SCCs that may be adopted under the
                  European Data Protection Legislation, in each case in a manner that does not affect the validity of the SCCs
                  under the European Data Protection Legislation.
PART B - ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR US STATE PRIVACY LAWS
1.
Introduction
Google may offer and Customer may enable certain in-product settings, configurations or other functionality for the Processor Services relating to restricted data processing, as described in supporting documentation available at
business.safety.google/rdp
, as updated from time to time (“
Restricted
                    Data Processing
”). This Appendix 3B reflects the parties’ agreement on the processing of Customer Personal Data and Deidentified Data (as defined below) pursuant to the Agreement in connection with the US State Privacy Laws, and is effective solely to the extent each US State Privacy Law applies.
2.
Additional Definitions and Interpretation
In this Appendix 3B:
(a)
“
Deidentified Data
” means data information that is “deidentified” (as that term is defined by the CCPA) and “de-identified data” (as defined by other US State Privacy Laws), when disclosed by one party to the other.
(b)
“
RDP Instructions
” means, collectively, the Instructions (as defined in these Data Processing Terms) and Customer’s instructions to Google to process Customer Personal Data as permitted under US State Privacy Laws for service providers and processors.
(c)
“
RDP Services
” means Processor Services operating under Restricted Data Processing.
(d)
the terms “
business
”, “
consumer
”, “
personal
                      information
”, “
sale(s)
”, “
sell
”, “
service
                      provider
”, and “
share
” as used in this Appendix 3B have the meanings given in the applicable US State Privacy Laws.
(e)
Customer is solely liable for its compliance with each of the US State Privacy Laws in its use of Google services, including Restricted Data Processing.
3.
Applicable State Privacy Law Terms (under Restricted Data Processing).
3.1
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed under Restricted Data Processing, and to the extent that one or
                    more of the US State Privacy Laws applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data:
3.1.1
Roles and Regulatory Compliance; Authorization.
(a)
Processor and Controller Responsibilities.
The parties acknowledge
                        and agree that:
(i)
Appendix 1 of these Data Processing Terms describes the subject matter and details of the processing of Customer Personal Data, subject to the following modifications:
(1)
All references to “Processor Services” are replaced with “RDP Services”; and
(2)
The “Types of Personal Data” section is replaced with the following language: “Customer Personal Data may include the types of personal data described under the US State Privacy Laws.”
(ii)
Google is a service provider and processor of Customer Personal Data under the US State Privacy Laws; and
(iii)
Customer is a controller or processor, as applicable, of Customer Personal Data under the US State Privacy Laws.
(b)
Processor Customers.
If Customer is a processor:
(i)
Customer warrants on an ongoing basis that the relevant controller has authorized: (A) the Instructions, (B) Customer’s appointment of Google as another processor, and (C) Google’s engagement of subcontractors as described in paragraph 3.4 (Subcontractors) of this Appendix 3B.
(ii)
Customer will immediately forward to the relevant controller any notice provided by Google under Section 7.2.1 (Incident Notification) of these Data Protection Terms and paragraph 3.4 (Subcontractors) of this Appendix 3B.
(iii)
Customer may make available to the relevant controller any information made available by Google under paragraphs 3.2(b) (Customer’s Audit Rights) and 3.4 (Subcontractors) of this Appendix 3B.
3.1.2
Customer’s Instructions for RDP Services.
By entering into this Appendix 3B, and with respect to the RDP Services, Customer instructs Google to process Customer Personal Data only in accordance with the RDP Instructions.
3.1.3
Google’s Compliance with RDP Instructions.
With respect to the RDP Services, Google will comply with the RDP Instructions unless prohibited under the US State Privacy Laws.
3.1.4
Additional Products.
If Customer uses any product, service or application provided by Google or a third party that: (a) is not part of the RDP Services; and (b) is accessible for use within the user interface of the RDP Services or is otherwise integrated with the RDP Services (an “
Additional Product
”), the RDP Services may allow that Additional Product to access Customer Personal Data as required for the interoperation of the Additional Product with the RDP Services. For clarity, this Appendix 3B does not apply to the processing of personal data in connection with the provision of any Additional Product used by Customer, including personal data transmitted to or from that Additional Product.
3.2
Data Security
3.2.1
Customer’s Security Responsibilities and Assessment.
(a)
Customer’s Security Responsibilities.
In addition to Customer’s security
                        responsibilities under Section 7.3.1 of these Data Processing Terms, Customer agrees that, without prejudice
                        to Google’s obligations under Sections 7.1 (Google’s Security Measures and Assistance) and 7.2 (Data
                        Incidents) of these Data Processing Terms, Customer is responsible for its use of the RDP Services,
                        including: (1) making appropriate use of the RDP Services to ensure a level of security appropriate to the
                        risk in respect of Customer Personal Data; and (2) securing the account authentication credentials, systems
                        and devices Customer uses to access the RDP Services.
(b)
Customer’s Audit Rights.
(i)
Customer may conduct an audit to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations under
                          this Appendix 3B by requesting and reviewing (1) a certificate issued for security verification
                          reflecting the outcome of an audit conducted by a third party auditor (e.g., SOC 2 Type II or ISO/IEC
                          27001 certification or a comparable certification or other security certification of an audit conducted
                          by a third-party auditor agreed by Customer and Google) within 12 months as of the date of Customer’s
                          request and (2) any other information Google determines is reasonably necessary for Customer to verify
                          such compliance.
(ii)
Alternatively, Google may, at its sole discretion and in response to a request by
                          Customer, initiate a third-party audit to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations under this
                          Appendix 3B. During such an audit, Google will make available to the third-party auditor all information
                          necessary to demonstrate such compliance. Where Customer requests such an audit, Google may charge a fee
                          (based on Google’s reasonable costs) for any audit. Google will provide Customer with further details of
                          any applicable fee, and the basis of its calculation, in advance of any such audit. Customer will be
                          responsible for any fees charged by any third-party auditor appointed by Customer to execute any such
                          audit.
(iii)
Nothing in this Appendix 3B will require Google either to disclose to Customer or its
                          third-party auditor, or to allow Customer or its third-party auditor to access:
(1)
any data of any other customer of a Google Entity;
(2)
any Google Entity’s internal accounting or financial information;
(3)
any trade secret of a Google Entity;
(4)
any information that, in Google's reasonable opinion, could: (A) compromise the
                            security of any Google Entity’s systems or premises; or (B) cause any Google Entity to breach its
                            obligations under the US State Privacy Laws or its security and/or privacy obligations to Customer
                            or any third party; or
(5)
any information that Customer or its third party auditor seeks to access for any
                            reason other than the good faith fulfillment of Customer’s obligations under the US State Privacy
                            Laws.
3.3
Data Subject Rights.
For the purposes of this Appendix 3B, Google will adhere to
                    the procedures set forth under Section 9 (Data Subject Requests) to the extent such requests, requests for
                    assistance, or rectification is applicable to the RDP Services.
3.4
Subcontractors.
(a)
Customer generally authorizes Google to engage other entities as subcontractors in
                      connection with the provision of the RDP Services. When engaging any subcontractor, Google will:
(i)
ensure via a written contract that: (A) the subcontractor only accesses and uses
                        Customer Personal Data to the extent required to perform the obligations subcontracted to it, and does
                        so in accordance with the Agreement (including this Appendix 3B); and (B) if the processing of Customer
                        Personal Data is subject to the US State Privacy Laws, ensure that the data protection obligations in
                        this Appendix 3B are imposed on the subcontractor;
(ii)
when engaging any new subcontractors, provide notice of such new subcontractors where
                        required by US State Privacy Laws, and, where required by US State Privacy Laws, further provide an
                        opportunity for Customer to object to such subcontractors; and
(iii)
remain fully liable for all obligations subcontracted to, and all acts and omissions of,
                        the subcontractor.
(b)
Customer may object to any new subcontractor by terminating the Agreement for convenience
                      immediately upon written notice to Google, on condition that Customer provides such notice within 90 days of
                      being informed of the engagement of the new subcontractor as described in paragraph 3.4(a)(ii) herein.
4.
US State Privacy Law Terms
4.1
Deidentified Data.
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed with or without Restricted Data Processing enabled, and to the extent that one or more of the US State Privacy Laws applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data, each party will comply with the requirements for processing Deidentified Data set out in the US State Privacy Laws, with respect to any Deidentified Data it receives from the other party pursuant to the Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph 4.1 (Deidentified Data), Customer Personal Data means any personal data that is processed by a party under the Agreement in connection with its provision or use of the Processor Services.
5.
Google’s CCPA Obligations.
5.1
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed under Restricted Data Processing and to the
                    extent that CCPA applies to such processing of Customer Personal Data, Google will act as Customer’s service
                    provider, and as such, unless otherwise permitted for service providers under CCPA, as reasonably determined
                    by Google:
(i)
Google will not sell or share any Customer Personal Data that it obtains from Customer
                      in connection with the Agreement;
(ii)
Google will not retain, use or disclose Customer Personal Data (including outside of the
                      direct business relationship between Google and Customer), other than for a business purpose under the
                      CCPA on behalf of Customer and the specific purpose of performing the RDP Services, as further described
                      in supporting documentation available at
business.safety.google/rdp
, as updated from
                      time to time;
(iii)
Google will not combine Customer Personal Data that Google receives from, or on behalf of, Customer with (a) personal information that Google receives from, or on behalf of, another person or persons or (b) personal information collected from Google’s own interaction with a consumer, as further described in supporting documentation available at
business.safety.google/rdp
except to the extent permitted under CCPA;
(iv)
Google will process such Customer Personal Data for the specific purpose of performing
                      the RDP Services, as further described in the Agreement and supporting documentation (e.g., help center
                      articles), or as otherwise permitted under the CCPA, and the parties agree that Customer is making such
                      Customer Personal Data available to Google for such purposes;
(v)
Google will allow audits to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations under this Appendix 3B in accordance with paragraph 3.2.1(b) (Customer’s Audit Rights) of this Appendix 3B;
(vi)
Google will notify Customer if Google makes a determination that it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA. This paragraph 5.1(vi) does not reduce either party’s rights and obligations elsewhere in the Agreement;
(vii)
If Customer reasonably believes that Google is processing Customer Personal Data in an unauthorized manner, Customer has the right to notify Google of such belief via the methods described at
privacy.google.com/businesses/processorsupport
, and the parties will work together in good faith to remediate the allegedly violative processing activities, if necessary; and
(viii)
Google will comply with applicable obligations under CCPA and will provide the same level of privacy protection as is required by CCPA.
5.2
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed without Restricted Data Processing
                    enabled, and to the extent that CCPA applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data:
(i)
Google will process such Customer Personal Data for the specific purpose of performing the Processor Services, as further described in the Agreement and supporting documentation (e.g., help center articles), or as otherwise permitted under the CCPA, and the parties agree that Customer is making such Customer Personal Data available to Google for such purposes;
(ii)
Google will allow audits to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations under this Appendix 3B in accordance with paragraph 3.2.1(b) (Customer’s Audit Rights) herein.
(iii)
Google will notify Customer if Google makes a determination that it can no longer meet
                      its obligations under the CCPA;
(iv)
If Customer reasonably believes that Google is processing Customer Personal Data in an
                      unauthorized manner, Customer has the right to notify Google of such belief via the methods described at
privacy.google.com/businesses/processorsupport
, and the parties will
                      work together in good faith to remediate the allegedly violative processing activities, if necessary;
                      and
(v)
Google will comply with applicable obligations under CCPA and will provide the same
                      level of privacy protection as is required by CCPA.
6.
Changes to this Appendix 3B.
In addition to Section 15 of the Data Processing Terms (Changes to these Data Processing Terms), Google may change this Appendix 3B without notice if the change (a) is based on applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order, or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency or (b) does not have a material adverse impact on Customer under the US State Privacy Laws, as reasonably determined by Google.
Google Ads Data Processing Terms, Version 8.0
30 May 2024
Previous Versions
1 September 2023
1 July 2023
1 January 2023
21 September 2022
27 September 2021
16 August 2020
12 August 2020
1 January 2020
31 October 2019
12 October 2017
Sub-policy 4
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=de:
Datenschutzerklärung & Nutzungsbedingungen
Übersicht
Datenschutzerklärung
Nutzungsbedingungen
Technologien
Häufig gestellte Fragen
Google-Konto
Datenschutzerklärung
Einführung
Von Google erhobene Daten
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Datenweitergabe
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Anforderungen in Europa
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Rahmenbedingungen für Datenübermittlungen
Wichtige Begriffe
Partner
Aktualisierungen
Google-Datenschutzerklärung
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, vertrauen Sie uns Ihre Daten an. Wir sind uns bewusst, dass dies eine große Verantwortung ist und setzen alles daran, Ihre Daten zu schützen und zu gewährleisten, dass Sie die Kontrolle darüber behalten.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung erfahren Sie, welche Daten von uns erhoben werden, welche Zwecke wir damit verfolgen und wie Sie Ihre Daten aktualisieren, verwalten, exportieren und löschen können.
Wenn das Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union oder des Vereinigten Königreichs auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten Anwendung findet, finden Sie unten im Abschnitt
Anforderungen in Europa
weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten sowie zur Einhaltung dieser Gesetze durch Google.
Privatsphärecheck
Sie möchten Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern?
Privatsphärecheck machen
Wirksam ab dem 16. September 2024
|
Archivierte Versionen
|
PDF herunterladen
Inhalt
Einführung
Von Google erhobene Daten
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Datenweitergabe
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Anforderungen in Europa
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Wir entwickeln eine Vielzahl von Diensten, die Millionen von Menschen Tag für Tag helfen, die Welt ganz neu zu entdecken und mit ihr zu interagieren. Zu unseren Diensten zählen:
Google-Apps, -Websites und -Geräte, wie die Google-Suche, YouTube und Google Home
Plattformen wie der Chrome-Browser und das Android-Betriebssystem
Produkte, die in Apps und Websites von Drittanbietern integriert sind, wie Werbe- und Analyseprodukte und das eingebettete Google Maps
Sie können unsere Dienste auf vielfältige Weise nutzen, um Ihre Privatsphäre zu verwalten. So haben Sie beispielsweise die Möglichkeit, sich für ein Google-Konto zu registrieren, wenn Sie Inhalte wie E-Mails und Fotos erstellen und verwalten oder relevantere Suchergebnisse erhalten möchten. Sie können auch zahlreiche Google-Dienste nutzen, ohne sich anzumelden oder ein Konto zu erstellen, beispielsweise wenn Sie die Google Suche verwenden oder sich YouTube-Videos ansehen. Außerdem ist es möglich, in einem privaten Modus im Web zu surfen, etwa im
Inkognitomodus von Chrome
, sodass andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, nicht sehen können, welche Inhalte Sie aufgerufen haben. Bei allen unseren Diensten können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern und so festlegen, ob wir manche Arten von Daten erheben und wie wir sie verwenden.
Um Ihnen unsere Datenschutzerklärung möglichst verständlich zu machen, haben wir Beispiele, Videos und Definitionen für
Schlüsselbegriffe
angefügt. Wenn Sie dennoch Fragen dazu haben,
können Sie uns gern kontaktieren
.
Von Google erhobene Daten
Im Folgenden erklären wir Ihnen, welche Arten von Daten wir erheben, während Sie unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir erheben Daten, um allen unseren Nutzern bessere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen – von der Feststellung grundlegender Informationen wie zum Beispiel Ihrer Sprache bis hin zu komplexeren Fragen wie zum Beispiel
Werbung, die Sie besonders nützlich finden
, den
Personen, mit denen Sie online am häufigsten zu tun haben
, oder den YouTube-Videos, die Sie interessant finden. Welche Daten Google erhebt und wie diese verwendet werden hängt davon ab, wie Sie unsere Dienste nutzen und wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen verwalten.
Wenn Sie nicht in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, speichern wir die von uns erhobenen Daten mit
eindeutigen Kennungen
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem
Gerät
verknüpft sind, welche Sie verwenden. Auf diese Weise können wir verschiedene Dinge tun, wie beispielsweise Ihre Einstellungen über Browsersitzungen hinweg beibehalten, zum Beispiel Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder ob Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse oder Werbung auf Grundlage Ihrer Aktivitäten sehen möchten.
Wenn Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, erheben wir auch Daten, die wir in Ihrem Google-Konto speichern und als
personenbezogene Daten
erachten.
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste bereitstellen
Wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen, stellen Sie uns
personenbezogene Daten
zur Verfügung, darunter Ihren Namen und ein Passwort. Sie können Ihrem Konto auch eine
Telefonnummer
oder
Zahlungsinformationen
hinzufügen. Selbst wenn Sie nicht bei einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, können Sie uns Daten zur Verfügung stellen, etwa eine E-Mail-Adresse, um mit Google zu kommunizieren oder Benachrichtigungen zu unseren Diensten zu erhalten.
Wir erheben auch die Inhalte, die Sie bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste erstellen, hochladen oder von anderen erhalten. Dazu gehören beispielsweise E-Mails, die Sie verfassen und empfangen, Fotos und Videos, die Sie speichern, Dokumente und Tabellen, die Sie erstellen, und Kommentare, die Sie zu YouTube-Videos schreiben.
Daten, die wir bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste erheben
Ihre Apps, Browser und Geräte
Wir erheben Daten über die Apps, Browser und
Geräte
, die Sie beim Zugriff auf Google-Dienste verwenden. Das hilft uns, Funktionen wie automatische Produktupdates anzubieten oder Ihren Bildschirm zu dimmen, wenn Ihr Akku schwach ist.
Zu den von uns erhobenen Daten zählen
eindeutige Kennungen
, der Typ und die Einstellungen des Browsers, der Typ und die Einstellungen des Geräts, das Betriebssystem, Informationen zum Mobilfunknetz wie der Name des Mobilfunkanbieters und die Telefonnummer sowie die Versionsnummer der App. Wir erheben auch Daten über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten. Hierzu zählen u. a. die
IP-Adresse
, Absturzberichte, Systemaktivitäten sowie das Datum, die Uhrzeit und die Verweis-URL Ihrer Anfrage.
Wir erheben diese Daten, wenn ein Google-Dienst auf Ihrem Gerät unsere Server kontaktiert, beispielsweise wenn Sie eine App vom Play Store installieren oder wenn ein Dienst automatische Updates abfragt. Wenn Sie ein
Android-Gerät mit Google Apps
verwenden, kontaktiert Ihr Gerät regelmäßig die Google-Server, um Daten über Ihr Gerät und die Verbindung zu unseren Diensten bereitzustellen. Zu diesen Daten zählen beispielsweise
der Typ Ihres Geräts und der Name Ihres Mobilfunkanbieters
, Absturzberichte, die von Ihnen installierten Apps und, abhängig von den Einstellungen auf Ihrem Gerät,
weitere Informationen dazu, wie Sie Ihr Android-Gerät verwenden
.
Ihre Aktivitäten
Wir erheben in unseren Diensten Daten zu Ihren Aktivitäten. Diese Daten verwenden wir beispielsweise, um Ihnen ein YouTube-Video zu empfehlen, das Ihnen gefallen könnte. Unter anderem könnten folgende Aktivitätsdaten erhoben werden:
Begriffe, nach denen Sie suchen
Videos, die Sie sich ansehen
Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sich ansehen und mit denen Sie interagieren
Sprach- und Audiodaten
Kaufaktivitäten
Personen, mit denen Sie kommunizieren oder Inhalte austauschen
Aktivitäten auf Websites und Apps von Drittanbietern, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Der Chrome-Browserverlauf, den Sie
mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisiert
haben
Wenn Sie unsere
Dienste nutzen, um Anrufe zu tätigen und zu erhalten oder um Nachrichten zu senden und zu empfangen
, erheben wir möglicherweise Anruf- und Nachrichteninformationen wie Ihre Telefonnummer, die Anrufernummer, die Nummer des Angerufenen, Weiterleitungsnummern, die E-Mail-Adressen von Sender und Empfänger, das Datum und die Uhrzeit von Anrufen und Nachrichten, die Dauer von Anrufen, Routing-Informationen und die Art und Anzahl von Anrufen und Nachrichten.
Die in Ihrem Konto gespeicherten Aktivitätsdaten können Sie sich in Ihrem Google-Konto ansehen und sie dort auch verwalten.
Zum Google-Konto
Ihre Standortdaten
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Standortinformationen. Dadurch können wir Ihnen Funktionen wie Wegbeschreibungen, Suchergebnisse für Dinge in Ihrer Nähe und Werbung auf Grundlage Ihres Standorts anbieten.
Je nachdem, welche Produkte Sie nutzen und welche Einstellungen Sie auswählen, kann Google verschiedene Arten von Standortinformationen verwenden, um bestimmte Dienste und Produkte hilfreicher zu gestalten. Dazu gehören unter anderem:
GPS- und andere
Sensordaten von Ihrem Gerät
IP-Adresse
Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten
, zum Beispiel von Ihren Suchanfragen oder
Orte, die Sie mit einem Label versehen, etwa Ihr Zuhause oder Ihr Arbeitsplatz
Informationen über Objekte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts
, wie etwa WLAN-Zugriffspunkte, Funkmasten und Bluetooth-fähige Geräte
Die durch uns erhobenen Arten von Standortdaten und wie lange wir diese speichern hängen zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab. Zum Beispiel können Sie mit der App „Einstellungen“ auf Ihrem Android-Gerät
die Standorterfassung Ihres Geräts aktivieren oder deaktivieren
. Wenn Sie eine private Karte mit Orten erstellen möchten, die Sie mit Ihren angemeldeten Geräten besuchen, können Sie auch den
Standortverlauf
aktivieren. Und wenn die Einstellung „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert ist, werden Ihre Suchanfragen und anderen Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten, die möglicherwiese ebenfalls Standortinformationen enthalten, in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden,
finden Sie hier
.
In manchen Fällen erhebt Google auch Daten über Sie aus
öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
. Wenn beispielsweise Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird, kann die Google-Suchmaschine diesen Artikel indexieren und anderen Personen zeigen, wenn sie nach Ihrem Namen suchen. Unter Umständen erhalten wir auch Daten über Sie von vertrauenswürdigen Partnern. Dazu zählen Verzeichnisdienste, die uns in Google-Diensten anzuzeigende Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, Marketingpartner, die uns Daten über potenzielle Kunden unserer Geschäftsdienste bereitstellen, und Sicherheitspartner, die uns Daten liefern, mit denen wir uns
vor Missbrauch schützen
können. Wir erhalten auch Daten von
Partnern, damit wir in deren Auftrag Werbung und Recherchedienste zur Verfügung stellen können
.
Zum Erheben und Speichern von Daten verwenden wir verschiedene Technologien. Dazu zählen
Cookies
,
Pixel-Tags
, die lokale Speicherung wie etwa
Browser-Webspeicher
oder
Anwendungsdaten-Caches
, Datenbanken und
Serverprotokolle
.
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Wir verwenden Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Dienste
Wir nutzen die von uns im Rahmen unserer Dienste erhobenen Daten für folgende Zwecke:
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
Wir nutzen Ihre Daten zur
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
. Hierzu zählen beispielsweise die Verarbeitung Ihrer Suchbegriffe, um Suchergebnisse einzublenden, oder das Vorschlagen von Empfängern aus Ihren Kontakten, wenn Sie Inhalte teilen möchten.
Wartung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten,
um zu gewährleisten, dass unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
. Beispielsweise verwenden wir sie zur Überprüfung von Störungen oder zur Beseitigung von Problemen, die Sie uns gemeldet haben. Außerdem nutzen wir Ihre Daten, um
unsere Dienste zu verbessern
. Dazu zählt beispielsweise die Feststellung, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die in unseren Diensten verwendete Rechtschreibprüfung verbessern können.
Entwicklung neuer Dienste
Wir nutzen die im Rahmen unserer bestehenden Dienste erhobenen Daten zur Entwicklung neuer Dienste. Beispielsweise halfen uns Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, organisiert haben, bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos.
Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste, einschließlich Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen
Wir nutzen die von uns erhobenen Daten zur Personalisierung unserer Dienste. Dazu zählen die Bereitstellung von Empfehlungen, von personalisierten Inhalten und
von personalisierten Suchergebnissen
. Beispielsweise erhalten Sie im
Sicherheitscheck
Sicherheitstipps, die auf Ihre persönliche Nutzung von Google-Produkten zugeschnitten sind. Je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen kann Google Play Daten nutzen, etwa über Apps, die Sie installiert haben, und Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, um neue Apps zu empfehlen, die Ihnen gefallen könnten.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen zeigen wir Ihnen möglicherweise auch auf Ihre Interessen und Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten bezogene
personalisierte Werbung
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise nach „Mountainbikes“ suchen, kann auf YouTube Werbung für Sportausrüstung eingeblendet werden. In Ihren Einstellungen für Werbung unter
Mein Anzeigen-Center
können Sie festlegen, welche Daten wir zur Auswahl der präsentierten Werbung verwenden.
Wir zeigen Ihnen keine personalisierte Werbung, die auf
sensiblen Kategorien
, wie der ethnischen Zugehörigkeit, Religion, sexuellen Orientierung oder Gesundheit beruht.
Wir zeigen Ihnen keine personalisierte Werbung auf Grundlage von Ihren Inhalten aus Google Drive, Gmail oder Google Fotos.
Wir geben Daten, durch die Sie persönlich identifizierbar sind, wie beispielsweise Ihren Namen oder Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, nur dann an Werbetreibende weiter, wenn Sie uns dazu auffordern. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Werbung für einen Blumenladen in Ihrer Nähe sehen und die Schaltfläche "Zum Anrufen tippen" auswählen, verbinden wir Ihren Anruf und geben Ihre Telefonnummer möglicherweise an den Blumenladen weiter.
Zu „Mein Anzeigen-Center“
Messung der Leistung
Wir nutzen die Daten zur Analyse und Messung, um zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste verwendet werden. Beispielsweise analysieren wir Daten über Ihre Besuche auf unseren Websites, um das Design unserer Produkte zu optimieren. Zusätzlich nutzen wir Daten der Werbeanzeigen, mit denen Sie interagieren, einschließlich Ihrer zugehörigen Aktivitäten in der Google Suche, um Werbetreibenden ein besseres Verständnis ihrer Werbekampagnen zu ermöglichen. Dazu nutzen wir verschiedene Tools, wie z. B. Google Analytics. Wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps verwenden, bei denen Google Analytics eingesetzt wird, kann ein Google Analytics-Kunde sich dafür entscheiden, es Google zu ermöglichen,
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser Website oder in dieser App mit Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites oder in anderen Apps zu verknüpfen
, bei denen ebenfalls unsere Werbedienste genutzt werden.
Kommunikation mit Ihnen
Wir nutzen die von uns erhobenen Daten, wie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, um uns direkt mit Ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen. So könnten wir Ihnen beispielsweise eine Benachrichtigung senden, wenn wir verdächtige Aktivitäten feststellen, wie einen Versuch, sich von einem ungewöhnlichen Standort aus in Ihrem Google-Konto anzumelden. Außerdem könnten wir Sie auch über bevorstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste informieren. Und wenn Sie Google kontaktieren, zeichnen wir Ihre Anfrage auf, um Ihnen bei der Lösung etwaiger Probleme behilflich zu sein.
Schutz von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit
Wir nutzen Daten, um die Verbesserung der
Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit
unserer Dienste zu unterstützen. Dazu zählen das Erkennen, Verhindern und Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsrisiken und technischen Problemen, die Google, unseren Nutzern oder
der Öffentlichkeit
schaden könnten.
Um Ihre Daten zu diesen Zwecken zu verarbeiten, verwenden wir verschiedene Technologien. Wir nutzen automatisierte Systeme, die Ihre Inhalte analysieren, sodass wir Ihnen personalisierte Suchergebnisse, personalisierte Werbung oder andere Funktionen bereitstellen können, die auf Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zugeschnitten sind. Zusätzlich analysieren wir Ihre Inhalte, damit wir
Missbrauch erkennen können
, wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte. Wir verwenden auch
Algorithmen
, um Muster in Daten zu erkennen. Google Übersetzer hilft beispielsweise Personen, über Sprachbarrieren hinweg zu kommunizieren, indem der Dienst geläufige Sprachmuster in Sätzen erkennt, die übersetzt werden sollen.
Unter Umständen werden
die durch uns erhobenen Daten zu den oben beschriebenen Zwecken dienst- und geräteübergreifend verwendet
. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise, je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen, Videos von Gitarrenspielern auf YouTube ansehen, kann eine Werbeanzeige für Gitarrenunterricht auf einer Website ausgeliefert werden, auf der unsere Anzeigenprodukte verwendet werden. Je nach Ihren Kontoeinstellungen könnten
Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in Apps
mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten verknüpft werden, um die Dienste von Google und die von Google ausgelieferten Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern.
Wenn andere Nutzer bereits über Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder andere Sie identifizierende Daten verfügen, zeigen wir diesen Nutzern möglicherweise die öffentlich sichtbaren Daten Ihres Google-Kontos an, wie Ihren Namen und Ihr Foto. Damit können andere Personen beispielsweise eine von Ihnen stammende E-Mail identifizieren.
Bevor wir Daten zu anderen als den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung aufgeführten Zwecken nutzen, bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung.
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Sie haben Entscheidungsmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die durch uns erhobenen Daten und ihre Verwendung
In diesem Abschnitt werden die wichtigsten Einstellungen beschrieben, mit denen Sie Ihre Privatsphäre in unseren Diensten verwalten können. Sie können auch den
Privatsphärecheck
verwenden, um wichtige Datenschutzeinstellungen zu überprüfen und anzupassen. Zusätzlich zu diesen Tools bieten wir auch spezifische Datenschutzeinstellungen in unseren Produkten. Mehr dazu erfahren Sie in unserem
Leitfaden zum Datenschutz in Google-Produkten
.
Zum Privatsphärecheck
Daten verwalten, überprüfen und aktualisieren
Wenn Sie angemeldet sind, können Sie Ihre Daten jederzeit in den von Ihnen verwendeten Diensten überprüfen und aktualisieren. Beispielsweise ermöglichen Ihnen Fotos und Drive die Verwaltung bestimmter auf Google gespeicherter Inhaltstypen.
Wir stellen Ihnen auch einen Ort zur Verfügung, an dem Sie die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Daten überprüfen und deren Speicherung steuern können. Ihr
Google-Konto
beinhaltet:
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Aktivitätseinstellungen
Hier können Sie festlegen, welche Arten von Aktivitäten in Ihrem Konto gespeichert werden sollen. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel den YouTube-Verlauf aktiviert haben, werden die Videos, die Sie sich ansehen, und die Dinge, nach denen Sie suchen, in Ihrem Konto gespeichert, damit Sie bessere Empfehlungen erhalten und Videos an der zuletzt angesehenen Stelle fortsetzen können. Und wenn die Einstellung „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert ist, werden Ihre Suchanfragen und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert. So können Dienste persönlicher für Sie gestaltet werden, damit Sie unter anderem schneller Suchergebnisse und nützlichere Empfehlungen zu Apps und Inhalten erhalten. „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ hat auch eine Untereinstellung, mit der Sie festlegen können, ob
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites, in anderen Apps und auf Geräten, die Google-Dienste nutzen
, in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert und zur Verbesserung von Google-Diensten verwendet werden. Zu diesen Informationen gehört beispielsweise, welche Apps Sie auf Android installieren und verwenden.
Aktivitätseinstellungen aufrufen
Einstellungen für Werbung
Hier können Sie Ihre Einstellungen zu Werbeanzeigen verwalten, die auf Google sowie auf Websites und in Apps im Rahmen einer
Partnerschaft mit Google
von Google ausgeliefert werden. Sie können Ihre Interessen verändern, auswählen, ob Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden sollen, um sich relevantere Werbung präsentieren zu lassen, und bestimmte Werbedienste aktivieren oder deaktivieren.
Zu „Mein Anzeigen-Center“
Über mich
Personenbezogene Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto verwalten und festlegen, wer sie in Google-Diensten sehen kann.
Zu "Über mich"
Soziale Empfehlungen
Hier können Sie auswählen, ob Ihr Name und Ihr Foto neben Ihren Aktivitäten wie Rezensionen und Empfehlungen in Werbeanzeigen erscheinen sollen.
Zu "Soziale Empfehlungen"
Websites und Apps, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste genutzt werden
Daten von Websites und Apps, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste wie Google Analytics genutzt werden, verwalten, die eventuell an Google weitergegeben werden, wenn Sie ihre Dienste aufrufen oder damit interagieren.
Zu Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Möglichkeiten zur Überprüfung und Aktualisierung Ihrer Daten
Meine Aktivitäten
In „Meine Aktivitäten“ können Sie überprüfen und festlegen, welche Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert werden, wenn Sie angemeldet sind und Google-Dienste verwenden, zum Beispiel Ihre Suchanfragen oder Nutzung von Google Play. Sie können sich die Inhalte nach Datum und Thema sortiert ansehen und Ihre Aktivitäten teilweise oder vollständig löschen.
Zu "Meine Aktivitäten"
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard ermöglicht Ihnen die Verwaltung von Daten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Zu Google Dashboard
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
Hier können Sie Ihre Kontaktdaten wie Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und Ihre Telefonnummer verwalten.
Zu den personenbezogenen Daten
Wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit Ihrem Browser oder Gerät verknüpft sind, z. B.:
Personalisierte Suche:
Hier können Sie auswählen
, ob Ihnen anhand Ihrer Suchaktivitäten relevantere Ergebnisse und Empfehlungen bereitgestellt werden sollen.
YouTube-Einstellungen: Hier können Sie Ihren
YouTube-Suchverlauf
und Ihren
YouTube-Wiedergabeverlauf
pausieren und löschen.
Einstellungen für Werbung: Hier können Sie
Ihre Einstellungen für Werbeanzeigen verwalten
, die Ihnen auf Google und Websites sowie in Apps von Google-Anzeigenpartnern präsentiert werden.
Daten exportieren, entfernen und löschen
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Inhalte aus Ihrem Google-Konto exportieren, um diese zu sichern oder sie mit einem anderen Dienst als den von Google zu nutzen.
Daten exportieren
Zum Löschen Ihrer Daten haben Sie folgende Möglichkeiten:
Inhalte aus
bestimmten Google-Diensten
löschen
Bestimmte Elemente in Ihrem Konto unter Verwendung von
Meine Aktivitäten
suchen und dann löschen
Bestimmte Google-Produkte
einschließlich Ihrer mit diesen Produkten verknüpften Daten löschen
Gesamtes Google-Konto löschen
Daten löschen
Sie können über den
Kontoinaktivität-Manager
auch einer anderen Person Zugriff zu Teilen Ihres Google-Kontos gewähren, falls Sie unerwarteterweise nicht in der Lage sind, Ihr Konto zu verwenden.
Und schließlich können Sie auch basierend auf dem anwendbaren Recht und unseren Richtlinien eine
Anfrage zum Entfernen von Inhalten
aus bestimmten Google-Diensten stellen.
Es gibt auch andere Möglichkeiten festzulegen, welche Daten von Google erhoben werden dürfen, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind oder nicht. Hierzu zählen:
Browsereinstellungen: Ihr Browser lässt sich beispielsweise so konfigurieren, dass angezeigt wird, wenn von Google ein
Cookie
in Ihrem Browser gesetzt wurde. Ihr Browser lässt sich auch so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies von einer bestimmten Domain oder allen Domains blockiert werden. Beachten Sie aber, dass Cookies erforderlich sind,
damit unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
und etwa Ihre Spracheinstellungen gespeichert werden können.
Geräteeinstellungen: Ihr Gerät verfügt möglicherweise über Steuerelemente, mit denen Sie festlegen können, welche Daten wir erheben. So können Sie beispielsweise auf Ihrem Android-Gerät
Standorteinstellungen anpassen
.
Datenweitergabe
Datenweitergabe durch Sie
In vielen unserer Dienste können Sie Daten mit anderen Personen teilen. Sie bestimmen in diesem Fall, wie dabei vorgegangen werden soll. Beispielsweise können Sie entscheiden, welche Ihrer Videos auf YouTube öffentlich geteilt werden und welche vertraulich bleiben sollen. Bedenken Sie, dass, wenn Sie Daten öffentlich teilen, Suchmaschinen, einschließlich der Google-Suche, möglicherweise auf diese Daten zugreifen können.
Wenn Sie angemeldet sind und mit Google-Diensten interagieren, z. B. wenn Sie Kommentare zu einem YouTube-Video verfassen oder eine App bei Play rezensieren, werden Ihr Name und Ihr Foto neben Ihrer Aktivität angezeigt. Diese Daten werden wir gegebenenfalls
entsprechend Ihren Einstellungen für "Soziale Empfehlungen"
auch in Werbeanzeigen veröffentlichen.
Datenweitergabe durch Google
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Unternehmen, Organisationen oder Personen außerhalb von Google nur in folgenden Fällen weiter:
Mit Ihrer Einwilligung
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben. Wenn Sie beispielsweise
Google Home verwenden, um eine Tischreservierung vorzunehmen
, holen wir Ihre Zustimmung ein, bevor wir dem Restaurant Ihren Namen oder Ihre Telefonnummer weitergeben. Wir bieten Ihnen außerdem Steuerungsmöglichkeiten, damit Sie
Drittanbieter-Apps und -Websites einsehen und verwalten
können, denen Sie Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gewährt haben. Vor der Weitergabe von
sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten
holen wir Ihre ausdrückliche Einwilligung ein.
Im Falle von Domain-Administratoren
Wenn Sie Mitglied einer Bildungseinrichtung oder Mitarbeiter einer Organisation sind, die Google-Dienste nutzt, haben der
Domainadministrator
und Reseller, die Ihr Konto verwalten, Zugriff auf Ihr Google-Konto. Diese haben folgende Möglichkeiten:
Auf die in Ihrem Konto gespeicherten Daten zugreifen und diese speichern, z. B. Ihre E-Mail
Statistiken zu Ihrem Konto ansehen, z. B. wie viele Apps Sie installieren
Das Passwort für Ihr Konto ändern
Den Zugriff auf Ihr Konto sperren oder beenden
Ihre Kontodaten abrufen, um anwendbare Gesetze, Vorschriften und gerichtliche Verfahren einzuhalten oder einer vollstreckbaren behördlichen Anordnung nachzukommen
Ihre Möglichkeiten einschränken, Daten oder Datenschutzeinstellungen zu löschen oder zu bearbeiten
Für die Verarbeitung durch andere Stellen
Wir stellen personenbezogene Daten unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
, anderen vertrauenswürdigen Unternehmen oder Personen zur Verfügung, die diese in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten. Dies geschieht auf der Grundlage unserer Weisungen und im Einklang mit unserer Datenschutzerklärung sowie anderen geeigneten Vertraulichkeits- und Sicherheitsmaßnahmen. Beispielsweise nutzen wir Dienstanbieter zur Unterstützung beim Betrieb unserer Rechenzentren, Bereitstellen unserer Produkte und Dienste, Verbessern unserer internen Geschäftsprozesse und Anbieten zusätzlichen Supports für unsere Kunden und Nutzer. Außerdem arbeiten wir mit Dienstanbietern zusammen, die uns beim Prüfen von Videoinhalten auf YouTube aus Gründen der öffentlichen Sicherheit unterstützen und uns durch das Analysieren und Anhören von Beispielausschnitten gespeicherter Audioaufnahmen von Nutzern helfen, die Audioerkennungstechnologien von Google zu verbessern.
Aus rechtlichen Gründen
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Stellen außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen dürfen, dass die Offenlegung dieser Daten vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, um folgende Zwecke zu erfüllen:
Geltende Gesetze, Vorschriften oder
gerichtliche Verfahren einzuhalten oder einer vollstreckbaren behördlichen Anordnung nachzukommen
. In unserem
Transparenzbericht
veröffentlichen wir Daten über die Anzahl und die Art der Anfragen, die wir von Behörden erhalten.
Geltende Nutzungsbedingungen durchzusetzen, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verstöße.
Betrug, Sicherheitsmängel oder technische Probleme aufzudecken, zu verhindern oder anderweitig zu bekämpfen.
Die Rechte, das Eigentum oder die Sicherheit von Google,
unserer Nutzer
oder der Öffentlichkeit vor Schaden zu schützen.
Wir geben möglicherweise
nicht personenbezogene Daten
an die Öffentlichkeit und unsere Partner, beispielsweise an Publisher, Werbetreibende, Entwickler oder Rechteinhaber, weiter. Beispielsweise veröffentlichen wir Daten,
um Trends bezüglich der allgemeinen Nutzung unserer Dienste aufzuzeigen
. Darüber hinaus erlauben wir
bestimmten Partnern
, Daten von Ihrem Browser oder Gerät unter Verwendung ihrer eigenen Cookies oder ähnlicher Technologien zu Werbe- und Messzwecken zu erheben.
Falls Google an einem Unternehmenszusammenschluss, einem Unternehmenserwerb oder einem Verkauf von Vermögensgegenständen beteiligt ist, werden wir weiterhin dafür sorgen, die Vertraulichkeit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten sicherzustellen. Zusätzlich werden wir betroffene Nutzer benachrichtigen, bevor personenbezogene Daten übermittelt oder Gegenstand einer anderen Datenschutzerklärung werden.
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Wir integrieren Sicherheitsfunktionen in unsere Dienste, um Ihre Daten zu schützen
Alle Google-Produkte sind mit starken Sicherheitsfunktionen ausgestattet, die Ihre Daten fortwährend schützen. Die Erkenntnisse, die wir durch die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste gewinnen, helfen uns, Bedrohungen der Sicherheit automatisch abzufangen und zu verhindern, dass Sie mit solchen konfrontiert werden. Wenn wir tatsächlich ein Risiko erkennen, von dem Sie unserer Meinung nach erfahren sollten, benachrichtigen wir Sie und schlagen Ihnen Maßnahmen vor, um sich besser zu schützen.
Wir bemühen uns intensiv darum, Sie und Google vor unbefugtem Zugriff auf Daten oder vor unbefugter Veränderung, Offenlegung oder Vernichtung von Daten zu schützen. Unsere Maßnahmen umfassen Folgendes:
Wir verschlüsseln Ihre Daten, um sie während der Übertragung zu schützen.
Wir bieten eine Vielzahl von Sicherheitsfunktionen, wie
Safe Browsing
, Sicherheitscheck und die
Bestätigung in zwei Schritten
, um Ihnen zu helfen, Ihr Konto zu schützen.
Wir überprüfen laufend unsere Praktiken zur Erhebung, Speicherung und Verarbeitung von Daten, einschließlich der physischen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, um unsere Systeme vor unbefugtem Zugriff zu schützen.
Der Zugriff auf personenbezogene Daten wird durch uns beschränkt und nur Mitarbeitern, Auftragnehmern und Kundenservicemitarbeitern von Google gewährt, die diese Daten für die weitere Datenverarbeitung unbedingt benötigen. Alle Personen mit diesen Zugriffsrechten sind strengen Vertraulichkeitsverpflichtungen unterworfen und können disziplinarischen Maßnahmen unterzogen oder entlassen werden, falls sie diese Verpflichtungen nicht einhalten.
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Sie können Ihre Daten jederzeit exportieren oder aus Ihrem Google-Konto löschen.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Inhalte aus Ihrem Google-Konto exportieren, um diese zu sichern oder sie mit einem anderen Dienst als den von Google zu nutzen.
Daten exportieren
Zum Löschen Ihrer Daten haben Sie folgende Möglichkeiten:
Inhalte aus
bestimmten Google-Diensten
löschen
Bestimmte Elemente in Ihrem Konto unter Verwendung von
Meine Aktivitäten
suchen und dann löschen
Bestimmte Google-Produkte
einschließlich Ihrer mit diesen Produkten verknüpften Daten löschen
Gesamtes Google-Konto löschen
Daten löschen
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Wir speichern erhobene Daten über verschiedene Zeiträume, abhängig davon, um welche Daten es sich handelt, wie wir sie nutzen und wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen konfigurieren:
Einige Daten können Sie jederzeit löschen, beispielsweise Ihre
personenbezogenen Daten
oder selbst erstellte oder hochgeladene Inhalte, wie
Fotos
und
Dokumente
. Darüber hinaus können Sie in Ihrem Konto gespeicherte
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten
löschen oder
festlegen, dass diese nach einer bestimmten Zeit automatisch gelöscht werden
. Wir speichern diese Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto, bis Sie sie entweder selbst entfernen oder entfernen lassen.
Andere Daten werden nach einer bestimmten Zeit automatisch gelöscht oder anonymisiert, etwa
Werbedaten
in Serverprotokollen.
Einige Daten, etwa dazu, wie oft Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, speichern wir, bis Sie Ihr Google-Konto löschen.
Einige Daten speichern wir für längere Zeit, wenn dies aus legitimen geschäftlichen oder rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist. Diese Gründe können Sicherheit, Betrugs- und Missbrauchsabwehr oder eine Dokumentationspflicht im Finanzbereich sein.
Wenn Sie Daten löschen, beginnen wir mit einem Datenlöschvorgang, um dafür zu sorgen, dass die Daten sicher und vollständig von unseren Servern entfernt werden oder nur in anonymisierter Form gespeichert bleiben. Wir bemühen uns, Daten mithilfe unserer Dienste davor zu schützen, irrtümlich oder mutwillig gelöscht zu werden. Aus diesem Grund kann es zwischen der von Ihnen durchgeführten Löschung von Inhalten und dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem Kopien aus unseren aktiven Systemen und Sicherungssystemen gelöscht werden, zu Verzögerungen kommen.
Weitere Informationen zur Dauer der Datenspeicherung bei Google und Angaben dazu, wie lange es dauert, bis wir Ihre Informationen löschen,
finden Sie hier
.
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Wir überprüfen die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung regelmäßig und verarbeiten Ihre Daten entsprechend dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Datenübermittlung
Wir betreiben
Server auf der ganzen Welt
. Deshalb können Ihre Daten auf Servern verarbeitet werden, die außerhalb des Landes liegen, in dem Sie leben. Datenschutzgesetze sind von Land zu Land unterschiedlich und einige bieten mehr Schutz als andere. Unabhängig davon, wo Ihre Daten verarbeitet werden, wenden wir grundsätzlich dieselben, in der Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Schutzmaßnahmen an. Ferner halten wir bestimmte
rechtliche Rahmenbedingungen
zu Datenübermittlungen ein.
Sobald wir formale schriftliche Beschwerden erhalten, nehmen wir mit der Person, die die Beschwerde eingereicht hat, Kontakt auf. Wir arbeiten mit den jeweils zuständigen Regulierungsbehörden einschließlich der lokalen Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörden zusammen, um alle Beschwerden bezüglich der Übermittlung Ihrer Daten beizulegen, die wir nicht direkt mit Ihnen klären können.
Anforderungen in Europa
So können Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben und Google kontaktieren
Wenn das Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU) oder des Vereinigten Königreichs (UK) auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten Anwendung findet, stellen wir Ihnen die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen
Steuerungsmöglichkeiten
zur Verfügung, damit Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben können, Auskunft über Ihre Daten zu erhalten, sie zu aktualisieren, zu
löschen
und deren Verarbeitung einzuschränken. Darüber hinaus haben Sie das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu widersprechen oder Ihre Daten in einen anderen Dienst zu exportieren.
Bei weiteren Fragen oder Anliegen hinsichtlich Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich
an Google und an unsere Datenschutzabteilung wenden
. Falls Sie Bedenken bezüglich Ihrer Rechte gemäß lokalem geltenden Recht haben, können Sie sich außerdem an Ihre lokale Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörde wenden.
Datenverantwortlicher
Der für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen zuständige Datenverantwortliche
hängt von Ihrem gewöhnlichen Aufenthaltsort ab, sofern dies in den Datenschutzhinweisen eines bestimmten Dienstes nicht anders angegeben ist:
Google Ireland Limited, mit Sitz in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, für Nutzer von Google-Diensten, die ihren gewöhnlichen Aufenthalt im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder der Schweiz haben.
Google LLC, mit Sitz in 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, für Nutzer von Google-Diensten, die ihren gewöhnlichen Aufenthalt im Vereinigten Königreich haben.
Google LLC ist unabhängig von Ihrem Wohnort der zuständige Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, die in Diensten wie der
Google Suche
und Google Maps indexiert und angezeigt werden. Google Ireland Limited ist der zuständige Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, mit denen Google AI-Modelle trainiert werden, um sie in Diensten einzusetzen, die Google Ireland Limited im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder in der Schweiz bereitstellt.
Rechtsgrundlagen der Verarbeitung
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten zu den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen
Zwecken
auf der Basis der folgenden rechtlichen Grundlagen:
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, um Ihnen einen Dienst bereitzustellen, den Sie im Rahmen eines Vertrags angefordert haben.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, soweit wir oder
Dritte
ein berechtigtes Interesse daran haben, dies zu tun. Dabei wenden wir
geeignete Maßnahmen
zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre an.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn dies zum Schutz Ihrer lebenswichtige Interessen oder denen einer anderen Person erforderlich ist.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn wir dazu eine rechtliche Verpflichtung haben.
Wir bitten Sie um Ihre Einwilligung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten für bestimmte Zwecke. Sie haben das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen.
Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen sowie die Art, wie Sie Google-Dienste verwenden, bestimmen, welche Daten verarbeitet werden, zu welchem Zweck dies geschieht und was die Rechtsgrundlagen dafür sind. In der folgenden Tabelle werden diese Verarbeitungszwecke, die Arten der verarbeiteten Daten sowie die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung ausführlicher erläutert.
Warum und wie wir Daten verarbeiten
Welche Daten wir verarbeiten
Rechtliche Gründe
Bereitstellung von Google-Diensten, ‑Produkten und ‑Funktionen
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir verarbeiten die Begriffe, nach denen Sie suchen, um Ihnen entsprechende Suchergebnisse anzuzeigen.
Wir verwenden die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, um Ihnen die angeforderten Daten senden zu können, beispielsweise ein YouTube-Video.
Wir verwenden eindeutige IDs, die in Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, um Sie als die Person zu authentifizieren, die auf Ihr Google-Konto zugreifen darf.
Fotos und Videos, die Sie in Google Fotos hochladen, werden verwendet, um Ihnen zu helfen, Alben, Collagen und andere Kreationen zu erstellen, die Sie mit anderen teilen können.
Wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder Artikel von uns kaufen, verwenden wir Informationen wie Ihre Lieferadresse oder Lieferanweisungen – beispielsweise für die Bearbeitung und Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung sowie zur Bereitstellung des Supports für das Produkt oder die Dienstleistung, die Sie kaufen.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, wenn Sie zusätzlichen Speicherplatz für Google Drive kaufen.
Wir können Kontaktdaten (wie Namen und E‑Mail-Adressen) von Personen verwenden, mit denen Sie in Google-Produkten interagieren. So können wir Ihnen helfen, diese Personen zu finden, wenn Sie in Google-Diensten wie Gmail, Fotos und Assistant etwas mit ihnen teilen oder mit ihnen kommunizieren möchten.
Eine E‑Mail mit einer Flugbestätigung kann verwendet werden, um eine Check‑in-Schaltfläche in Gmail zu erstellen.
Google erhebt auch Daten über Sie aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen. Wenn beispielsweise Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird, kann die Google-Suchmaschine diesen Artikel indexieren und anderen Personen zeigen, wenn sie nach Ihrem Namen suchen. Oder wenn Ihre Unternehmensinformationen auf einer Website erscheinen, können wir sie indexieren und in Google-Diensten anzeigen.
Wir können Ihnen helfen, Ihren Standort mithilfe der
Google-Standortfreigabe
zu teilen. So können andere Sie auf einer Karte finden oder Ihre voraussichtliche Ankunftszeit abschätzen.
Wie im Abschnitt
Datenweitergabe
beschrieben, geben wir personenbezogene Daten außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben. Wir bieten Ihnen außerdem Einstellungen, mit denen Sie
Apps und Websites von Drittanbietern überprüfen und verwalten
können, denen Sie Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gewährt haben.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise durch das Bereitstellen eines YouTube-Videos oder durch die Bearbeitung und Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung, wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder physische Waren von uns kaufen.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Verwaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispiel: Verwendung von Kontaktdaten (wie Namen und E‑Mail-Adressen) von Personen, mit denen Sie in Google-Produkten interagieren, damit Sie diese Personen leichter finden, wenn Sie in Google-Diensten wie Gmail, Fotos und Assistant etwas mit ihnen teilen oder mit ihnen kommunizieren möchten.
Ihre
Einwilligung
, z. B. wenn Sie Ihren Standort über die Google-Standortfreigabe teilen.
Aufrechterhaltung und Verbesserung von Google-Diensten, ‑Produkten und ‑Funktionen
Aufrechterhaltung des Dienstes, damit er wie vorgesehen funktioniert, z. B. durch Fehlerbehebung sowie Nachverfolgung und Behebung von Problemen.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir überprüfen fortlaufend die ordnungsgemäße Funktion unserer Dienste, um Probleme zu erkennen. Wenn wir feststellen, dass eine Funktion fehlerhaft ist, ermöglichen uns die vor dem Eintreten des Problems erhobenen Aktivitätsdaten, das Problem schneller zu beheben.
Wir erfassen die Interaktionen von Nutzern mit Schaltflächen in Anwendungen wie Google Maps und der Google Suche, um festzustellen, ob sie wie vorgesehen funktionieren.
Verbesserung der Google-Dienste sowie der Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit dieser Dienste, z. B. durch Erkennung, Verhinderung und Reaktion von bzw. auf Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsrisiken und technische Probleme, die den Dienst oder Nutzer beeinträchtigen könnten.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir analysieren Daten zu Ihren Interaktionen mit unseren Diensten, damit wir die Produkte weiter optimieren können. So können wir beispielsweise besser feststellen, wenn Nutzer zu lange brauchen, um eine bestimmte Aufgabe auszuführen, oder manche Schritte überhaupt nicht beenden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Funktion überarbeiten und das Produkt für alle verbessern.
Wir analysieren, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die Rechtschreibprüfung für alle unsere Dienste verbessern können.
Wir analysieren die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Wir analysieren Suchanfragen bei Google Shopping, um festzustellen, welche Produkte, Händler und Marken für verschiedene Arten von Suchanfragen relevant sind.
Die Safe Browsing-Funktion von Google Chrome kann Informationen zu verdächtigen Websites zwischen dem Browser eines Nutzers und Google-Servern teilen und dadurch z. B. zum Schutz vor Phishing, Malware und schädlicher Werbung beitragen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise bei der Verwendung der Interaktionsprotokolle von Google-Apps, um sicherzustellen, dass diese wie vorgesehen funktionieren.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Verwaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die Rechtschreibprüfung für alle unsere Dienste verbessern können.
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen unsere Dienste nutzen, um die Leistung unserer Dienste zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Durchführung von Recherchen, mit denen unsere Dienste für unsere Nutzer verbessert werden und die für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind.
Beispielsweise arbeiten wir daran, die Übersetzungsqualität von Google Übersetzer zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Entwicklung neuer Google-Dienste, ‑Produkte und ‑Funktionen
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Nutzer Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, organisiert haben, halfen uns bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos.
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie kurze Inhalte von Creatorn erstellt und von Nutzern angesehen werden, halfen Google dabei, neue YouTube-Dienste zu entwickeln.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen können wir Audioaufnahmen von Sprachinteraktionen mit Diensten wie der Google Suche, Assistant, Maps und Gboard speichern, um die Audiotechnologien von Google weiterzuentwickeln und zu verbessern.
Wir verwenden Informationen, die online oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind, um neue Modelle für maschinelles Lernen zu trainieren und grundlegende Technologien zu entwickeln, die für verschiedene Google-Produkte wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI-Funktionen eingesetzt werden.
Wir nutzen Ihre Interaktionen mit KI-Modellen und ‑Technologien wie Gemini-Apps, um diese Modelle zu entwickeln, zu trainieren, zu optimieren und zu verbessern, damit sie besser auf Ihre Anfragen reagieren. Wir verwenden sie auch, um Klassifikatoren und Filter zu aktualisieren und dadurch z. B. die Sicherheit, das Sprachverständnis und die Genauigkeit zu verbessern.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen, die für unsere Nutzer hilfreich sind.
Beispielsweise haben uns Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, verwendet haben, bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos geholfen. Oder wir nutzen Daten, die online oder in anderen öffentlichen Quellen verfügbar sind, um die KI-Modelle von Google zu trainieren sowie Produkte und Funktionen weiterzuentwickeln, die diese grundlegenden Technologien nutzen – wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI.
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Zum Beispiel verwenden wir Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten – wie Ihre Interaktionen mit Gemini-Apps – um Modelle für maschinelles Lernen zu trainieren und zu verbessern und um ihr Sprachverständnis sowie ihre Sicherheitsklassifikatoren und -filter zu aktualisieren.
Mit Ihrer
Einwilligung
, beispielsweise das Speichern von Audioaufnahmen von Sprachinteraktionen mit der Google Suche, Assistant, Maps und Gboard, um Technologien zur Audioerkennung von Google zu entwickeln und verbessern.
Zur Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste, einschließlich Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen
Um unsere Dienste für Sie anzupassen, etwa über Empfehlungen, personalisierte Inhalte und personalisierte Suchergebnisse.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Der Sicherheitscheck von Google bietet Ihnen Sicherheitstipps, die an Ihre Nutzung von Google-Produkten angepasst sind.
Google News bietet Ihnen möglicherweise lokale Nachrichten, die auf Ihrem ungefähren Standort basieren.
Die Google Suche bietet Ihnen möglicherweise Ergebnisse, die auf ihrem ungefähren Standort basieren.
Google Assistant kann Ihre Kontakte verwenden, um auf Anfrage Nachrichten zu senden, z. B. „SMS an Max Mustermann“.
Google Play nutzt Daten, etwa über Apps, die Sie installiert haben, und Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, um neue Apps zu empfehlen, die Ihnen gefallen könnten.
Möglicherweise zeigen wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Google Suche, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht.
Google kann Werbung basierend auf dem Kontext der von Ihnen besuchten Website anzeigen, beispielsweise Anzeigen für Gartengeräte auf einer Seite mit Tipps zum Gärtnern.
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert haben, können Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse erhalten, die auf Ihren bisherigen Suchanfragen und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten basieren.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen, um auf Ihre Interessen bezogene personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wenn Sie nach „Mountainbikes“ suchen oder Videos über Mountainbiken ansehen, kann in Ihren Suchergebnissen oder auf YouTube Werbung für Sportausrüstung eingeblendet werden.
Wenn Sie sich auf YouTube Videos zum Thema Backen ansehen, wird Ihnen beim Surfen im Web möglicherweise mehr Werbung zu diesem Thema präsentiert.
Möglicherweise wird Ihnen auch personalisierte Werbung präsentiert, die auf den Daten des Werbetreibenden basiert. Wenn Sie beispielsweise auf der Website eines Werbetreibenden eingekauft haben, kann dieser die Daten über Ihren Besuch zum Einblenden von Werbeanzeigen nutzen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Um einen
Vertrag mit Ihnen auszuführen
, zum Beispiel wenn Google Assistant Ihre Kontakte verwendet, um auf Ihre Anfrage hin eine Nachricht zu senden, wie „Sende eine SMS an Max Mustermann“.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Personalisierung unserer Dienste, um sie nutzerfreundlicher zu gestalten.
Beispielsweise können wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Google Suche zeigen, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht, Sicherheitstipps passend zu Ihrer Nutzung von Google-Produkten geben oder gegebenenfalls die Nutzung altersgerecht anpassen.
Einblenden von Werbung, um viele unserer Dienste kostenlos anbieten zu können.
Zum Beispiel zeigen wir möglicherweise Werbung, die auf dem Kontext einer besuchten Website basiert, wie Werbeanzeigen für Gartengeräte auf einer Seite mit Gartentipps. Bei personalisierter Werbung bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung.
Mit Ihrer
Einwilligung
– beispielsweise Empfehlungen bei Google Play basierend auf Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, oder personalisierte Werbung auf Grundlage Ihrer Interessen. Zum Beispiel könnte Ihnen Werbung rund um das Thema Backen angezeigt werden, wenn Sie im Web surfen, nachdem Sie auf YouTube Videos über Backen angesehen haben.
Zur Leistungsmessung – Wir nutzen die Daten zur Analyse und Messung, um zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste verwendet werden.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir analysieren Daten über Ihre Besuche auf unseren Websites, um das Design unserer Produkte zu optimieren.
Wir nutzen Daten zu der Werbung, mit der Sie interagieren, um Werbetreibenden ein besseres Verständnis ihrer Werbekampagnen zu ermöglichen.
Wir verwenden Daten darüber, welche Orte Nutzer in Google Earth am häufigsten anklicken, um zu erfahren, welche Funktionen beliebt sind, und um Fehler zu identifizieren.
Die Google Suche erhebt, wie oft eine bestimmte Anfrage gestellt wurde und wie Nutzer die Qualität ihrer Suchergebnisse wahrnehmen, um die Google Suche noch hilfreicher zu gestalten.
Google Übersetzer analysiert Daten über die Anzahl der angefertigten Übersetzungen und die Häufigkeit, mit der eine Übersetzung als minderwertig eingestuft wird, um mögliche neue Funktionen zu ermitteln und Probleme bei der Nutzung des Dienstes zu beheben.
Wir geben möglicherweise nicht personenidentifizierbare Informationen an unsere Partner – beispielsweise Lizenzgeber von Inhalten – weiter, wenn wir Lizenzgebühren zahlen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen unsere Dienste nutzen, um die Leistung unserer Dienste zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Aufdecken, Verhindern oder anderweitiges Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln oder technischen Problemen bei unseren Diensten.
Beispielsweise beobachten wir Nutzungsmuster in Google Earth, um Programmfehler zu identifizieren.
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, wie oft eine Übersetzung bei Google Übersetzer als minderwertig eingestuft wird, um Probleme bei der Nutzung des Dienstes zu beheben.
Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen, die für unsere Nutzer hilfreich sind.
Zum Beispiel analysieren wir Daten zur Anzahl der in Google Übersetzer angefertigten Übersetzungen, um mögliche neue Funktionen zu ermitteln.
Einhalten von Verpflichtungen gegenüber unseren Partnern wie Entwicklern und Rechteinhabern.
Zum Beispiel erstellen wir Berichte für die Lizenzgeber von Inhalten, die mit der Zahlung von Lizenzgebühren einhergehen.
Für die Kommunikation mit Ihnen – Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen Daten, wie etwa Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, um direkt mit Ihnen zu interagieren.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
So könnten wir Ihnen beispielsweise eine Benachrichtigung senden, wenn wir verdächtige Aktivitäten feststellen, z. B. einen Versuch, sich von einem ungewöhnlichen Standort aus in Ihrem Google-Konto anzumelden.
Möglicherweise informieren wir Sie über anstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen unserer Dienste.
Wenn Sie Google kontaktieren, zeichnen wir Ihre Anfrage auf, um Ihnen bei der Lösung eventuell auftretender Probleme behilflich sein zu können.
Google-Dienste wie Google Fotos können Ihnen, abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen, Marketingmitteilungen über Angebote wie beispielsweise Rabattaktionen für Fotodrucke senden.
Google-Dienste wie YouTube Premium und YouTube Music Premium können Sie über anstehende Änderungen Ihres Abonnements informieren.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Zur
Ausführung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise wenn Sie den Google-Support kontaktieren oder sich für Mitteilungen über Produktupdates anmelden.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Wir informieren Sie beispielsweise über unsere Dienste, beispielsweise über anstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen.
Marketing, um Nutzer über unsere Dienste zu informieren.
Zum Beispiel können wir eine E-Mail an Nutzer von Google Fotos senden, die Informationen zu einer Rabattaktion für Fotodrucke enthält.
Zum Schutz von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit
Zur Verbesserung der Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit unserer Dienste. Dazu zählen das Erkennen, Verhindern und Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln und technischen Problemen, die Google, unseren Nutzern oder der Öffentlichkeit schaden könnten.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir erheben und analysieren IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten, um unsere Dienste durch automatisierte Mechanismen vor Missbrauch zu schützen. Dieser Missbrauch kann viele verschiedene Formen annehmen, zum Beispiel das Senden von Spam an Gmail-Nutzer. Außerdem könnte Werbetreibenden durch betrügerisches Klicken auf Werbung Geld gestohlen werden oder Inhalte durch das Starten eines Distributed-Denial-of-Service-Angriffs (DDoS) unterdrückt werden.
Mit der Funktion "Letzte Kontoaktivität" in Gmail können Sie feststellen, ob und wann eine andere Person ohne Ihr Wissen auf Ihre E-Mail zugegriffen hat. In dieser Funktion finden Sie Informationen zu den letzten Aktivitäten in Gmail, wie etwa die IP-Adressen, über die auf Ihre E-Mails zugegriffen wurde, sowie wo und wann der Zugriff erfolgt ist.
Wir analysieren Ihre Inhalte, um
Missbrauch wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte zu erkennen
.
Wir verarbeiten Informationen zu Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten aus unseren Diensten gemäß den Richtlinien von Google zur Entfernung von Inhalten oder gemäß anwendbarem Recht, um das betreffende Ersuchen zu prüfen, Transparenz zu gewährleisten, die Fähigkeit zur Rechenschaftslegung zu verbessern und Missbrauch und Betrug bei diesen Verfahren zu verhindern.
Zur Einhaltung geltender Gesetze, Verordnungen sowie Rechtsverfahren oder Befolgung eines vollstreckbaren behördlichen Ersuchens.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wie andere Technologie- und Kommunikationsunternehmen auch erhält Google regelmäßig Anfragen von staatlichen Behörden und Gerichten auf der ganzen Welt, in denen wir zur Offenlegung von Nutzerdaten aufgefordert werden. Die Achtung Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer gespeicherten Daten sind zwei wesentliche Aspekte, an denen wir uns bei der Frage orientieren, ob wir diesen rechtlichen Anfragen nachkommen. Unsere Rechtsabteilung prüft jede einzelne Anfrage unabhängig von ihrer Art. Häufig werden Anfragen abgelehnt, die zu allgemein gehalten sind oder bei denen das korrekte Verfahren nicht eingehalten wurde.
Aufgrund rechtlicher Verpflichtungen müssen wir bestimmte Daten speichern, etwa aufgrund einer Dokumentationspflicht im Finanzbereich. Beispielsweise speichern wir aus steuerrechtlichen oder buchhalterischen Gründen Daten zu Zahlungen, die Sie an Google geleistet haben.
Verschiedene Gesetze und Vorschriften verpflichten uns dazu, Maßnahmen zu ergreifen, um sicherzustellen, dass unsere Nutzer alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen. Um Ihr Alter zu bestimmen, verarbeiten wir das von Ihnen angegebene Geburtsdatum. Wir verarbeiten auch Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten, sowohl wenn Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet als auch wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, und verwenden maschinelles Lernen, um festzustellen, ob Sie wahrscheinlich über 18 Jahre alt sind. In bestimmten Fällen, wenn wir nicht bestätigen können, dass Sie alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen, können wir andere Informationen anfordern, um Ihr Alter zu überprüfen, beispielsweise Ihren Personalausweis, Ihre Kreditkarte, ein Foto von Ihnen oder Ihre Telefonnummer.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Durchsetzen rechtlicher Forderungen, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verletzungen anwendbarer Nutzungsbedingungen.
Wir analysieren beispielsweise Inhalte, um Missbrauch wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte zu erkennen.
Aufdecken, Verhindern oder anderweitiges Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln oder technischen Problemen bei unseren Diensten.
Zum Beispiel erheben und analysieren wir IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten zum Schutz vor automatisiertem Missbrauch.
Schutz der Rechte, des Eigentums und der Sicherheit von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit vor Schaden, einschließlich der Offenlegung von Informationen gegenüber Behörden.
Beispielsweise reagieren wir auf gerichtliche Verfahren oder vollstreckbare Aufforderungen von staatlichen Stellen und Gerichten zur Offenlegung von Daten, nachdem jede Anfrage sorgfältig geprüft wurde, um sicherzustellen, dass sie den anwendbaren Gesetzen entspricht.
Recherchen, durch die unsere Dienste für Nutzer verbessert werden und die für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind.
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten, um die Öffentlichkeit zu informieren, Recherchen zu ermöglichen und Transparenz in Bezug auf diese Ersuchen zu bieten.
Wenn dies zum Schutz Ihrer
lebenswichtigen Interessen
oder denen einer anderen Person erforderlich ist. Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Daten, um sexuellen Missbrauch von Kindern im Internet zu erkennen und zu bekämpfen.
Wenn wir eine
rechtliche Verpflichtung
haben, zum Beispiel zur Aufbewahrung bestimmter Informationen zu Zwecken der Dokumentationspflicht oder zur Verarbeitung und Aufbewahrung von Informationen, um dabei zu helfen sicherzustellen, dass die Nutzer alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen.
Google-Dienste verknüpfen
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, bieten wir Ihnen die Wahl, eine Verknüpfung zwischen bestimmten Google-Diensten beizubehalten. Weitere Informationen zu Ihren verknüpften Diensten und zum Verwalten Ihrer Auswahl finden Sie unter
Informationen zum GDM und zu Ihren verknüpften Diensten
.
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Anwendungsbereich dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für alle Dienste, die von Google LLC und seinen
verbundenen Unternehmen
angeboten werden, einschließlich YouTube, Android und Dienste, die auf Websites Dritter bereitgestellt werden, wie Werbedienste. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für Dienste, für die gesonderte Datenschutzrichtlinien gelten und die die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung nicht beinhalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für
den Umgang mit Daten durch andere Unternehmen und Organisationen, die unsere Dienste bewerben,
Dienste, die von anderen Unternehmen oder Personen angeboten werden, einschließlich von ihnen angebotene Produkte oder Websites, die möglicherweise Google-Dienste beinhalten, für die die Erklärung gilt, sowie Produkte oder Websites, die Ihnen in Suchergebnissen angezeigt werden oder die über einen Link in unseren Diensten erreicht werden können
Änderungen an dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Wir ändern diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit. Wir werden Ihre Rechte im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung ohne Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung nicht einschränken. Wir geben immer das Veröffentlichungsdatum der letzten Änderungen an und bieten Ihnen Zugriff auf
archivierte Versionen
. Bei wesentlichen Änderungen weisen wir deutlicher auf diese hin. So werden Sie zum Beispiel bei bestimmten Diensten per E-Mail über eine Änderung der Datenschutzerklärung benachrichtigt.
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Google-Dienste
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise bieten zusätzliche Informationen zu manchen Google-Diensten:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini-Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Mit Family Link verwaltete Google-Konten für Kinder unter 13 Jahren (in einigen Ländern gilt ein anderes Mindestalter für Google-Konten)
Family Link-Leitfaden zum Datenschutz für Kinder und Teenager
Erhebung von Sprach- und Audiodaten im Rahmen von Funktionen für Kinder in Google Assistant
Wenn Sie Mitglied einer Organisation sind, die Google Workspace oder Google Cloud Platform verwendet, erfahren Sie in den
Datenschutzhinweisen zu Google Cloud
, wie diese Dienste Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen erheben und verarbeiten.
Weitere hilfreiche Ressourcen
Die folgenden Links bieten hilfreiche Ressourcen, um weitere Informationen über unsere Praktiken und Datenschutzeinstellungen zu erhalten.
Ihr Google-Konto
verfügt über zahlreiche Einstellungen, mit denen Sie Ihr Konto verwalten können.
Der
Privatsphärecheck
führt Sie durch die wichtigsten Datenschutzeinstellungen für Ihr Google-Konto.
Im
Google Sicherheitscenter
erhalten Sie Informationen zu unseren integrierten Sicherheitsmaßnahmen und Datenschutzeinstellungen. Außerdem können Sie hier die Tools kennenlernen, mit denen Sie innerhalb Ihrer Familie Grundregeln für die Nutzung digitaler Onlinemedien aufstellen können.
In den
Google-Datenschutzinformationen für Jugendliche
finden Sie Antworten auf einige der uns am häufigsten gestellten Fragen zum Datenschutz
Der Abschnitt
Datenschutz & Nutzungsbedingungen
bietet weitere Hintergrundinformationen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung und zu unseren Nutzungsbedingungen.
Unter
Technologien
finden Sie weitere Informationen zu folgenden Themen:
So verwendet Google Cookies
Die für
Werbung
verwendeten Technologien
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Wichtige Begriffe
Algorithmus
Ein Prozess oder Regelwerk, dem ein Computer beim Ausführen von Problemlösungsverfahren folgt.
Applikationsdaten-Cache
Ein Applikationsdaten-Cache ist ein Datenspeicher auf einem Gerät. Damit kann eine Webanwendung zum Beispiel ohne Internetverbindung ausgeführt oder die Leistung der Anwendung durch schnelleres Laden der Inhalte verbessert werden.
Browser-Webspeicher
Mithilfe des Browser-Webspeichers können Websites Daten in einem Browser auf einem Gerät speichern. Wenn der Speicher als "lokaler Speicher" verwendet wird, können Daten sitzungsübergreifend gespeichert werden. Dadurch sind sie auch nach dem Schließen und erneuten Öffnen des Browsers weiterhin abrufbar. Eine Technologie, die dies ermöglicht, ist HTML 5.
Cookies
Ein Cookie ist eine kleine Datei, die eine Zeichenkette enthält, die an Ihren Computer gesendet wird, wenn Sie eine Website aufrufen. Wenn Sie die Website das nächste Mal besuchen, kann diese anhand des Cookies Ihren Browser wiedererkennen. Cookies können Nutzereinstellungen und andere Informationen speichern. Ihr Browser lässt sich so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden oder dass angezeigt wird, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Einige Funktionen oder Dienste einer Website werden ohne Cookies möglicherweise nicht richtig ausgeführt. Lernen Sie mehr darüber,
wie Google Cookies verwendet
und wie Google Daten, einschließlich Cookies, verwendet,
wenn Sie die Websites oder Apps unserer Partner nutzen
Eindeutige IDs
Bei einer eindeutigen ID handelt es sich um eine Zeichenfolge, anhand derer ein Browser, eine App oder ein Gerät eindeutig identifiziert werden kann. Solche IDs haben eine unterschiedliche Verwendungsdauer und unterscheiden sich darin, ob sie durch den Nutzer zurückgesetzt werden können und wie der Nutzer auf sie zugreifen kann.
Eindeutige IDs werden zu verschiedenen Zwecken verwendet, etwa aus Sicherheitsgründen und zur Betrugserkennung, zum Synchronisieren von Diensten wie dem E-Mail-Posteingang oder zum Speichern von Einstellungen und Anbieten personalisierter Werbung. In Cookies gespeicherte eindeutige IDs dienen beispielsweise dazu, Websites die Darstellung von Browserinhalten in Ihrer bevorzugten Sprache zu ermöglichen. Ihr Browser lässt sich so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden oder dass angezeigt wird, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Weitere Informationen dazu,
wie Google Cookies verwendet
Auf anderen Plattformen als Browsern werden eindeutige IDs zur Erkennung eines bestimmten Geräts oder einer App auf diesem Gerät verwendet. Eine eindeutige ID wie die Werbe-ID wird beispielsweise verwendet, um Ihnen auf Android-Geräten relevante Werbung anzuzeigen. Dies können Sie in Ihren Geräteeinstellungen
verwalten
. Eindeutige IDs können auch vom Hersteller einem Gerät fest zugewiesen werden. Diese IDs werden gelegentlich auch als "Universally Unique ID" oder kurz "UUID" bezeichnet. Ein Beispiel hierfür ist die IMEI-Nummer eines Smartphones. Anhand dieser eindeutigen ID können wir etwa unseren Dienst an Ihr Gerät anpassen oder Geräteprobleme im Zusammenhang mit unseren Diensten analysieren.
Gerät
Ein Gerät ist ein Computer, mit dessen Hilfe auf Google-Dienste zugegriffen werden kann. Beispielsweise werden Desktop-Computer, Tablets, intelligente Lautsprecher und Smartphones als Geräte bezeichnet.
Google-Konto
Um einige unserer Dienste nutzen zu können, ist es erforderlich, ein
Google-Konto
zu erstellen und einige personenbezogene Daten (typischerweise Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und ein Passwort) anzugeben. Mithilfe dieser Kontoinformationen ist es möglich, Sie zu authentifizieren, wenn Sie auf Dienste von Google zugreifen, und Ihr Konto vor nicht autorisierten Zugriffen durch andere Nutzer zu schützen. Sie können Ihr Konto jederzeit über die Google-Kontoeinstellungen bearbeiten oder löschen.
IP-Adresse
Jedem Gerät, das mit dem Internet verbunden ist, wird eine Nummer zugewiesen. Diese wird als Internet Protocol(IP)-Adresse bezeichnet. Diese Nummern werden normalerweise in Blöcken zugewiesen, die bestimmten geografischen Gebieten zugeordnet sind. Anhand der IP-Adresse kann oftmals der Ort identifiziert werden, von dem aus sich das Gerät mit dem Internet verbindet.
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden
Nicht-personenbezogene Daten
Das sind Nutzer-Informationen, die erfasst werden, sodass sie nicht länger auf individuell identifizierbare Nutzer verweisen können.
Personenbezogene Daten
Hierbei handelt es sich um Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und anhand derer Sie persönlich identifiziert werden können (z. B. Ihr Name, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder Zahlungsinformationen), oder sonstige Daten, die von Google mit Informationen dieser Art in Verbindung gebracht werden können, beispielsweise Informationen, die wir mit Ihrem Google-Konto verknüpfen.
Pixel-Tag
Ein Pixel-Tag wird auf einer Website oder innerhalb einer E-Mail-Nachricht platziert, um bestimmte Aktivitäten wie das Aufrufen von Websites oder das Öffnen von E-Mails zu erfassen. Pixel-Tags werden häufig in Kombination mit Cookies eingesetzt.
Sensible personenbezogene Daten
Hierbei handelt es sich um besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten wie etwa vertrauliche medizinische Informationen, die Zugehörigkeit zu einer bestimmten ethnischen Gruppe, politische oder religiöse Gesinnungen oder sexuelle Neigungen.
Serverprotokolle
Wie bei den meisten Websites zeichnen unsere Server automatisch Ihre Aufrufe unserer Websites auf. Diese „Serverprotokolle“ enthalten normalerweise Ihre Webanfrage, die IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp, die Browsersprache, das Datum und die Uhrzeit Ihrer Anfrage sowie ein oder mehrere Cookies, die Ihren Browser eindeutig identifizieren können.
Ein typischer Protokolleintrag für die Suche nach dem Begriff "Autos" sieht folgendermaßen aus:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
ist dabei die IP-Adresse, die der Internetanbieter dem Nutzer zuweist. Je nach Dienst kann dem Nutzer jedes Mal, wenn er eine Verbindung mit dem Internet herstellt, eine andere Adresse zugewiesen werden.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
sind das Datum und die Uhrzeit der Suchanfrage.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
ist die angeforderte URL einschließlich Anfrage.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
sind der verwendete Browser und das verwendete Betriebssystem.
740674ce2123a969
ist die eindeutige Cookie-ID, die diesem Computer beim ersten Besuch von Google zugewiesen wird. Hinweis: Cookies können von Nutzern gelöscht werden. Wenn der Nutzer seit dem letzten Aufruf von Google das Cookie vom Computer gelöscht hat, wird ihm beim nächsten Aufruf von Google auf dem entsprechenden Gerät erneut eine solche eindeutige Cookie-ID zugewiesen.
Verbundene Unternehmen
Ein verbundenes Unternehmen ist eine juristische Person, die zur Google-Unternehmensgruppe gehört, einschließlich der folgenden Unternehmen, die Dienstleistungen in der EU anbieten: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp und Google Dialer Inc. Weitere Informationen zu den
Unternehmen, die Geschäftsdienstleistungen in der EU anbieten
Verweis-URL
Eine Verweis-URL (Uniform Resource Locator) ist die Information, die ein Webbrowser in der Regel an eine Ziel-Website übermittelt, wenn Sie auf einen Link zu der betreffenden Website klicken. Die Verweis-URL enthält die URL der letzten Website, die im Browser aufgerufen wurde.
Zusätzliche Informationen
Ähnliche Informationen im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer körperlichen oder psychischen Gesundheit
Wenn Sie von uns angebotene Fitnessprodukte und ‐Apps wie Fitbit, die Pixel Watch, Nest oder Google Fit verwenden, erheben wir Daten von Ihnen, z. B. Ihre Größe und Ihr Gewicht. Mithilfe dieser Apps und Geräte sammeln wir außerdem Daten wie Schlafrhythmus, Herzfrequenz, Hauttemperatur, verbrannte Kalorien und zurückgelegte Schritte.
Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Websites und Apps, bei denen Google-Dienste wie Werbung und Analysen integriert sind, geben Daten an uns weiter.
Diese Daten werden unabhängig vom verwendeten Browser oder Browsermodus erhoben. Beispielsweise kann der Inkognitomodus in Chrome zwar dazu beitragen, dass andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, nicht sehen können, welche Inhalte Sie aufgerufen haben. Websites und Apps von Drittanbietern, bei denen unsere Dienste integriert sind, können dennoch Daten an Google weitergeben, wenn Sie sie öffnen.
Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen
zu einigen der Optionen, mit denen Sie festlegen können, welche Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn Sie Websites und Apps öffnen oder nutzen, die Google-Dienste verwenden.
Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und Web- & App-Aktivitäten aktiviert sind, können Daten zu Ihren Aktivitäten auf Websites, in Apps und in Diensten von Google in den Web- & App-Aktivitäten Ihres Kontos gespeichert werden. Einige Aktivitäten können Informationen über den ungefähren Ort enthalten, an dem Sie sich bei der Nutzung des Google-Dienstes aufgehalten haben. Wenn Sie unter Verwendung eines ungefähren Orts nach etwas suchen, wird dafür ein Gebiet von mindestens drei Quadratkilometern verwendet. Alternativ wird der Ort erweitert, bis der Bereich den Standort von mindestens 1.000 Personen umfasst. So wird Ihre Privatsphäre besser geschützt.
In einigen Fällen werden Orte, an denen Sie in der Vergangenheit gesucht haben, möglicherweise dazu verwendet, einen relevanten Standort für Ihre Suche zu schätzen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Berlin nach Cafés suchen, zeigt Google bei zukünftigen Suchanfragen möglicherweise Ergebnisse für Berlin an.
Unter
Meine Aktivitäten
können Sie Ihre Web- & App-Aktivitäten ansehen und verwalten.
Android-Gerät mit Google-Apps
Android-Geräte mit Google-Apps sind Geräte, die von Google oder einem unserer Partner verkauft werden und umfassen Smartphones, Kameras, Fahrzeuge, Wearables und Fernseher. Diese Geräte nutzen Google Play-Dienste und andere vorinstallierte Apps. Dazu zählen Dienste wie Gmail, Maps, die Kamera- und Telefon-App Ihres Smartphones, die Sprachausgabe, die Tastatureingabe und Sicherheitsfunktionen. Weitere Informationen über Google Play-Dienste
finden Sie hier
.
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
Im Folgenden finden Sie Beispiele dafür, wie wir Ihre Daten zur Bereitstellung unserer Dienste nutzen:
Wir verwenden die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, damit Sie die von Ihnen angeforderten Daten laden können, wie etwa ein YouTube-Video.
Wir verwenden eindeutige IDs, die in Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, um Sie als die Person zu authentifizieren, die auf Ihr Google-Konto zugreifen darf.
Fotos und Videos, die Sie in Google Fotos hochladen, werden verwendet, um Ihnen zu helfen, Alben, Collagen und andere Kreationen zu erstellen, die Sie mit anderen teilen können.
Weitere Informationen
Eine Flugbestätigung, die Sie per E-Mail erhalten, kann verwendet werden, um eine Check-in-Schaltfläche in Gmail zu erstellen.
Wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder Artikel von uns kaufen, teilen Sie uns möglicherweise Informationen wie Ihre Lieferadresse oder Lieferanweisungen mit. Wir verwenden diese Informationen beispielsweise für die Verarbeitung, die Durchführung und die Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung sowie zur Bereitstellung des Supports für den Artikel oder die Dienstleistung, die Sie kaufen.
Bestimmte Google-Dienste
Beispielsweise können Sie
Ihren Blog
aus Blogger oder
eine Google-Website, die Ihnen gehört
, aus Google Sites löschen. Zusätzlich können Sie
Rezensionen
löschen, die Sie zu Apps, Spielen und anderen Inhalten im Play Store verfasst haben.
Bestimmte Partner
Beispielsweise gestatten wir Creatorn und Werbetreibenden, mit Messunternehmen zusammenzuarbeiten, um mithilfe von Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien mehr über die Zielgruppe ihrer YouTube-Videos oder Werbeanzeigen zu erfahren. Ein weiteres Beispiel sind Händler auf unseren Shopping-Seiten, die mithilfe von Cookies ermitteln, wie viele Nutzer ihre Produkteinträge sehen.
Hier erhalten Sie weitere Informationen
zu diesen Partnern und zu deren Verwendung Ihrer Daten.
Cookies – Damit unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
Wir verwenden beispielsweise ein Cookie namens "lbcs", mit dessen Hilfe sich eine große Zahl von Google Docs-Dokumenten in einem einzigen Browser öffnen lässt. Wird dieses Cookie blockiert, kann Google Docs nicht korrekt ausgeführt werden.
Weitere Informationen
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser Website mit Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites verknüpfen
Google Analytics nutzt eigene Cookies, also Cookies, die vom Google Analytics-Kunden gesetzt wurden. Bei der Verwendung unserer Systeme können Google Analytics-Kunden und Google über Google Analytics generierte Daten mit Drittanbieter-Cookies verknüpfen, die durch Besuche auf anderen Websites generiert wurden. Beispielsweise könnte ein Werbetreibender seine Google Analytics-Daten dazu verwenden, relevantere Werbung zu erstellen oder seinen Traffic genauer zu analysieren.
Weitere Informationen
Der für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen zuständige Datenverantwortliche
Das ist das mit Google verbundene Unternehmen, welches für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten und die Einhaltung der anwendbaren Datenschutzgesetze verantwortlich ist.
der Öffentlichkeit
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten gemäß den Richtlinien von Google zur Entfernung von Inhalten oder gemäß anwendbarem Recht, um das betreffende Ersuchen zu prüfen sowie Transparenz zu gewährleisten, die Rechenschaftspflicht zu verbessern und Missbrauch und Betrug bei diesen Verfahren zu verhindern.
Dienste nutzen, um Anrufe zu tätigen und zu erhalten oder um Nachrichten zu senden und zu empfangen
Beispiele für diese Dienste sind:
Google Voice zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Anrufen, Senden von SMS und Verwalten der Mailbox
Google Meet zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Videoanrufen
Gmail zum Senden und Empfangen von E-Mails
Google Chat zum Senden und Empfangen von Nachrichten
Google Duo zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Videoanrufen und Senden und Empfangen von Nachrichten
Google Fi für einen Telefontarif
Dritte
Beispielsweise verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten, um Rechteinhabern Nutzungsstatistiken bereitzustellen, sie also darüber zu informieren, wie ihre Inhalte in unseren Diensten genutzt wurden. Wir könnten Ihre Daten auch dann verarbeiten, wenn Personen nach Ihrem Namen suchen und wir Suchergebnisse von Websites anzeigen, die öffentlich verfügbare Daten über Sie enthalten.
für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten, um die Öffentlichkeit zu informieren, Recherchen zu ermöglichen und Transparenz in Bezug auf diese Ersuchen zu bieten.
Geeignete Sicherheitsmaßnahmen
Beispielsweise können wir Daten anonymisieren oder verschlüsseln, damit sie mit keinen anderen Daten über Sie verknüpft werden können.
Weitere Informationen
Geräte
Wir können beispielsweise Informationen von Ihren Geräten nutzen, um Ihnen bei der Entscheidung behilflich zu sein, welches Gerät Sie für die Installation einer App oder zum Ansehen eines Films verwenden sollten, die Sie bei Google Play gekauft haben. Diese Informationen verwenden wir außerdem zum Schutz Ihres Kontos.
Gerichtliches Verfahren oder vollstreckbares behördliches Ersuchen
Wie andere Technologie- und Kommunikationsunternehmen auch erhält Google regelmäßig Anfragen von staatlichen Behörden und Gerichten auf der ganzen Welt, in denen wir zur Offenlegung von Nutzerdaten aufgefordert werden. Die Achtung Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer gespeicherten Daten sind zwei wesentliche Aspekte, an denen wir uns bei der Frage orientieren, ob wir diesen rechtlichen Anfragen nachkommen. Unsere Rechtsabteilung prüft jede einzelne Anfrage unabhängig von ihrer Art. Häufig werden Anfragen abgelehnt, die zu allgemein gehalten sind oder bei denen das korrekte Verfahren nicht eingehalten wurde. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserem
Transparenzbericht
.
Gewährleisten und verbessern
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, wie Personen mit Werbung interagieren, um die Leistung unserer Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern.
Gewährleisten, dass unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
Beispielsweise überprüfen wir fortlaufend, ob unsere Systeme ordnungsgemäß funktionieren, sodass Probleme erkannt werden können. Wenn wir feststellen, dass eine Funktion fehlerhaft ist, ermöglichen uns die vor dem Eintreten des Problems erfassten Aktivitätsdaten, das Problem schneller zu beseitigen.
Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in Apps
Diese Aktivitäten könnten durch die Nutzung von Google-Diensten entstehen. Beispiele dafür sind die Synchronisierung Ihres Kontos mit Chrome oder Besuche von Websites und Apps von Google-Partnern. Viele Websites und Apps arbeiten bei der Verbesserung ihrer Inhalte und Dienste mit Google zusammen. Beispielsweise können Websites unsere Werbedienste wie AdSense oder Analysetools wie Google Analytics verwenden oder andere Inhalte wie Videos von YouTube einbetten. Von diesen Produkten können Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten an Google weitergegeben werden. Je nach
Ihren Kontoeinstellungen
und den verwendeten Produkten können diese Daten mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten verknüpft werden, zum Beispiel, wenn ein Partner Google Analytics in Verbindung mit unseren Werbediensten verwendet.
Weitere Informationen über die Datennutzung durch Google
, wenn Sie die Websites oder Apps unserer Partner verwenden
In deren Namen Werbung und Recherchedienste bereitstellen
Beispielsweise können Händler Daten von ihren Kundenkartenprogrammen hochladen, um Informationen zu diesen Programmen in die Such- oder Shopping-Ergebnisse aufzunehmen oder sich ein besseres Bild von der Leistung ihrer Werbekampagnen zu machen. Wir stellen Werbetreibenden nur zusammengefasste Berichte zur Verfügung, die keine Informationen über einzelne Personen preisgeben.
in unseren Diensten erhobene Daten verwenden
Je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen finden Sie im Folgenden Beispiele für die Verwendung der von uns in unseren Diensten erhobenen Daten:
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und eine Suche auf Google durchführen, erscheinen neben Suchergebnissen aus dem öffentlichen Web auch relevante Informationen aus den Inhalten, die in anderen Google-Produkten wie Gmail oder Google Kalender vorhanden sind. Dazu zählen unter anderem der Status Ihrer gebuchten Flüge, Restaurant- und Hotelreservierungen oder Ihre Fotos.
Weitere Informationen
Wenn Sie mit jemandem über Gmail kommuniziert haben und diese Person zu einem Google Docs-Dokument oder einem Termin in Google Kalender hinzufügen möchten, wird die E-Mail-Adresse automatisch vervollständigt, sobald Sie mit der Eingabe des Namens beginnen. Diese Funktion vereinfacht das Teilen von Inhalten mit Freunden und Bekannten.
Weitere Informationen
Die Google App kann Daten nutzen, die Sie in anderen Google-Produkten gespeichert haben, um Ihnen, entsprechend Ihren Einstellungen, personalisierte Inhalte einzublenden. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Ihren Web- & App-Aktivitäten Suchanfragen gespeichert haben, kann Ihnen die Google App Nachrichtenartikel und andere zu Ihren Interessen passende Informationen auf der Basis Ihrer Aktivitäten zeigen, wie z. B. Sportergebnisse.
Wenn Sie Ihr Google-Konto mit Google Home verknüpfen, können Sie über Google Assistant Ihre Daten verwalten und Dinge erledigen. So können Sie beispielsweise Ihrem Google Kalender Termine hinzufügen oder die Terminübersicht für einen bestimmten Tag aufrufen, Statusaktualisierungen zu einem gebuchten Flug abrufen oder Informationen wie Wegbeschreibungen an Ihr Smartphone senden.
Weitere Informationen
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, wirken sich Ihre Entscheidungen zum Verknüpfen von Diensten darauf aus, wie bestimmte Google-Dienste die Daten dienstübergreifend verwenden können.
Informationen über Objekte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts
Wenn Sie die Standortdienste von Google unter Android nutzen, können wir die Leistung von Apps verbessern, die, wie Google Maps, Standortdaten benötigen. Wenn Sie den Standortdienst von Google nutzen, sendet Ihr Gerät über Sensoren wie den Beschleunigungsmesser, über nahe gelegene Mobilfunkmasten und über WLAN-Zugangspunkte, wie die MAC-Adresse und die Signalstärke, Informationen an Google. Diese Daten ermöglichen eine bessere Bestimmung Ihres Standorts. Den Google-Standortdienst können Sie in den Einstellungen Ihres Geräts aktivieren.
Weitere Informationen
Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sich ansehen und mit denen Sie interagieren
Beispielsweise erheben wir Daten zu Aufrufen und Interaktionen mit Werbeanzeigen, damit wir Werbetreibenden zusammengefasste Berichte bereitstellen können, aus denen hervorgeht, ob wir ihre Werbeanzeige auf einer Seite ausgeliefert haben und ob die Werbeanzeige von einem Nutzer gesehen wurde. Darüber hinaus können auch andere Interaktionen gemessen werden, etwa wie Sie Ihre Maus über eine Werbeanzeige bewegen oder ob Sie mit der Seite interagieren, auf der die Werbeanzeige eingeblendet wird.
löschen
Sie können beispielsweise, wie oben beschrieben, basierend auf dem anwendbaren Recht (einschließlich Datenschutzrecht) und unseren Richtlinien das
Entfernen von Inhalten aus bestimmten Google-Diensten beantragen
, einschließlich Inhalten, in denen sich möglicherweise Ihre Daten befinden.
Missbrauch erkennen
Wenn wir auf unseren Systemen Spam, Malware, illegale Inhalte (einschließlich
Darstellungen des sexuellen Missbrauchs und der Ausbeutung von Kindern
) und andere Formen von Missbrauch feststellen, die gegen unsere Richtlinien verstoßen, können wir Ihr Konto deaktivieren oder andere angemessene Maßnahmen ergreifen. Unter bestimmten Umständen melden wir den Verstoß auch den zuständigen Behörden.
Öffentlich zugängliche Quellen
Beispielsweise erheben wir Daten, die online oder in anderen öffentlichen Quellen verfügbar sind, um die KI-Modelle von Google zu trainieren sowie Produkte und Funktionen wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI weiterzuentwickeln. Wenn Ihre Unternehmensinformationen auf einer Website erscheinen, können wir sie indexieren und in Google-Diensten anzeigen.
Orte, denen Sie ein Label hinzufügen, z. B. Ihr Zuhause oder Ihr Arbeitsplatz
Sie können wichtige Orte in Ihrem Google-Konto speichern, z. B. Ihr Zuhause oder Ihren Arbeitsplatz. Wenn Sie Ihre Privat- oder Arbeitsadresse festlegen, werden damit bestimmte Aktionen einfacher, etwa das Abrufen von Wegbeschreibungen oder Ergebnissen in der Nähe Ihrer Privat- oder Arbeitsadresse. Außerdem sehen Sie relevantere Werbung.
Sie können Ihre Privat- und Arbeitsadresse jederzeit in Ihrem
Google-Konto
bearbeiten oder löschen.
Partnerschaft mit Google
Es gibt mehr als zwei Millionen Partnerwebsites und -apps im Google-Werbenetzwerk.
Weitere Informationen
Personalisierte Suchergebnisse
Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und die Einstellungen für Web- & App-Aktivitäten aktiviert sind, erhalten Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse auf der Basis Ihrer früheren Suchaktivitäten und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten.
Weitere Informationen dazu erhalten Sie hier.
Auch wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, können Sie personalisierte Suchergebnisse erhalten. Wenn Sie dieses Maß an Personalisierung bei der Suche nicht wünschen, können Sie
privat suchen und surfen
oder die
personalisierte Suche in abgemeldetem Zustand
deaktivieren.
Personalisierte Werbung
Möglicherweise wird Ihnen auch personalisierte Werbung präsentiert, die auf den Daten des Werbetreibenden basiert. Wenn Sie beispielsweise auf der Website eines Werbetreibenden eingekauft haben, kann dieser die Daten über Ihren Besuch zum Einblenden von Werbeanzeigen nutzen.
Weitere Informationen
Personalisierung unserer Dienste
Beispielsweise können wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Suche zeigen, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht.
Personen, mit denen Sie online am häufigsten zu tun haben
Wenn Sie zum Beispiel beim Schreiben einer E-Mail eine Adresse in das Feld "Empfänger", "Cc" oder "Bcc" eingeben, schlägt Gmail Ihnen Adressen von Personen vor,
die Sie am häufigsten kontaktieren
.
Sensible Kategorien
Wenn wir Ihnen personalisierte Werbung präsentieren, so basiert diese auf Themen, von denen wir denken, dass Sie aufgrund Ihrer Aktivitäten daran interessiert sein könnten. Beispielsweise könnten wir Werbung für Themen wie "Kochen und Rezepte" oder "Flugreisen" einblenden. Wir verwenden jedoch nicht solche Themen und schalten nicht solche personalisierten Werbeanzeigen, die auf sensiblen Kategorien wie ethnischer Zugehörigkeit, Religion, sexueller Orientierung oder Gesundheit basieren.
Dasselbe verlangen wie auch von unseren Werbetreibenden
, die unsere Dienste nutzen.
Sensordaten von Ihrem Gerät
Ihr Gerät ist möglicherweise mit Sensoren ausgestattet, die zur genaueren Bestimmung Ihres Standorts und Ihrer Bewegungen verwendet werden können. Beispielsweise kann mithilfe eines Beschleunigungsmessers Ihre Bewegungsgeschwindigkeit erfasst werden und mit einem Gyroskop die Richtung festgestellt werden, in die Sie sich bewegen.
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden
Server auf der ganzen Welt
Wir betreiben Rechenzentren
auf der ganzen Welt
, um Nutzern unsere Produkte ununterbrochen zur Verfügung stellen zu können.
Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit
Im Folgenden finden Sie Beispiele für die Nutzung Ihrer Daten zur Gewährleistung von Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit unserer Dienste:
Durch das Erheben und Analysieren von IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten können wir unsere Dienste durch automatisierte Mechanismen vor Missbrauch schützen. Dieser Missbrauch nimmt viele verschiedene Formen an, zum Beispiel das Senden von Spam an Gmail-Nutzer. Außerdem könnte Werbetreibenden durch betrügerisches Klicken auf Werbeanzeigen Geld gestohlen werden oder Inhalte durch das Starten eines Distributed-Denial-of-Service-Angriffs (DDoS) unterdrückt werden.
Mit der Funktion "Letzte Kontoaktivität" in Gmail können Sie feststellen, ob und wann eine andere Person ohne Ihr Wissen auf Ihre E-Mail zugegriffen hat. In dieser Funktion finden Sie Informationen zu den letzten Aktivitäten in Gmail, wie etwa die IP-Adressen, über die auf Ihre E-Mails zugegriffen wurde, sowie wo und wann der Zugriff erfolgt ist.
Weitere Informationen
Sprach- und Audiodaten
Sie können zum Beispiel entscheiden, ob Sie möchten, dass Google eine Audioaufnahme in Ihrem Google-Konto speichert, wenn Sie mit der Google Suche, Google Assistant und Google Maps interagieren. Wenn Ihr Gerät einen Befehl zur Aktivierung der Sprachsteuerung erkennt, beispielsweise „Hey Google“, zeichnet Google sowohl Ihre Stimme und Audio als auch einige Sekunden vor der Aktivierung auf.
Weitere Informationen
Synchronisation mit Ihrem Google-Konto
Ihr Chrome-Browserverlauf wird nur dann in Ihrem Konto gespeichert, wenn Sie in Chrome die Synchronisierung mit Ihrem Google-Konto aktiviert haben.
Weitere Informationen
Telefonnummer
Wenn Sie Ihrem Konto Ihre Telefonnummer hinzugefügt haben, kann diese abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen in Google-Diensten für unterschiedliche Zwecke verwendet werden. Beispielsweise kann Ihre Telefonnummer dazu genutzt werden, Ihnen zu helfen, wieder auf Ihr Konto zugreifen zu können, wenn Sie Ihr Passwort vergessen haben. Außerdem kann sie anderen Personen helfen, Sie zu finden und mit Ihnen Kontakt aufzunehmen. Schließlich kann sie verwendet werden, um für Sie relevantere Werbung einzublenden.
Weitere Informationen
Trends aufzuzeigen
Wenn viele Nutzer nach etwas Bestimmtem suchen, kann dies Aufschluss über aktuelle Trends geben. Google Trends analysiert Suchanfragen in der Google Websuche, um die Anzahl der Suchanfragen in einem bestimmten Zeitraum zu ermitteln, und veröffentlicht eine Zusammenfassung dieser Ergebnisse.
Weitere Informationen
Unsere Dienste verbessern
Beispielsweise können wir anhand von Cookies analysieren, wie Nutzer mit unseren Diensten interagieren. Diese Analyse kann uns helfen, unsere Produkte zu optimieren. So könnten wir zum Beispiel feststellen, dass Nutzern die Durchführung einer bestimmten Aufgabe zu lange dauert oder dass manche Schritte überhaupt nicht durchgeführt werden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Funktion überarbeiten und das Produkt für alle verbessern.
unserer Nutzer
Beispielsweise gibt Google Daten zu Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten aus unseren Diensten an Lumen weiter, um Missbrauch zu verhindern und die Transparenz und Rechenschaft in Bezug auf unsere Moderation von Online-Inhalten zu verbessern. Lumen erfasst und analysiert diese Ersuchen, um Forschung zu ermöglichen, mit deren Hilfe Internetnutzer ihre Rechte besser verstehen.
Weitere Informationen
Vor Missbrauch schützen
Beispielsweise können uns Informationen über Sicherheitsbedrohungen helfen, Sie zu informieren, wenn wir denken, dass Unbefugte Zugriff auf Ihr Konto erlangt haben (an diesem Punkt können wir Ihnen helfen, Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihres Kontos zu ergreifen).
Werbung, die Sie besonders nützlich finden
Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise auf YouTube Videos zum Thema Backen ansehen, werden Ihnen beim Surfen im Web unter Umständen mehr Werbeanzeigen zu diesem Thema eingeblendet. Anhand Ihrer IP-Adresse können wir auch Ihren ungefähren Standort ermitteln, damit wir Werbung für Pizza-Lieferservices in der Nähe einblenden können, wenn Sie den Suchbegriff "Pizza" eingeben. Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen
über Werbung bei Google
und
warum Ihnen bestimmte Werbeanzeigen präsentiert werden
.
Zahlungsinformationen
Wenn Sie Ihrem Google-Konto eine Kreditkarte oder eine andere Zahlungsmethode hinzufügen, können Sie damit in allen unseren Diensten Artikel einkaufen, wie z. B. Apps im Play Store. Unter Umständen bitten wir Sie um weitere Informationen, wie eine Unternehmenssteuernummer, um Ihre Zahlung verarbeiten zu können. In manchen Fällen müssen wir Ihre Identität überprüfen und könnten Sie dafür nach Informationen fragen.
Wir können Zahlungsinformationen auch verwenden, um zu überprüfen, ob Sie die Altersbeschränkungen einhalten. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein, wenn Sie ein falsches Geburtsdatum angegeben haben, das darauf schließen lässt, dass Sie für ein Google-Konto nicht alt genug sind.
Weitere Informationen
Google
Über Google
Datenschutz
Nutzungsbedingungen
Transparenz-Center
Eine Drop‑down-Liste, um die Sprache der Website zu ändern. Jede Option ist der Name einer Sprache. Es gibt insgesamt 65 Optionen.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Hauptmenü
Google-Apps
Sub-policy 5
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 6
http://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your
parent or guardian to do so on your behalf
). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us
here
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. You can find additional resources for parents and teens
here
.
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your
parent or guardian to do so on your behalf
). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us
here
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. You can find additional resources for parents and teens
here
.
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 7
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/adobe-fonts.html:
Adobe Fonts
Last updated: November 05, 2021
The
Adobe Privacy Policy
describes the general privacy practices of
Adobe’s websites and applications
, including Adobe Fonts. More privacy-related information for Adobe Fonts is provided below.
Adobe Fonts is a service that provides you with access to a library of fonts for use in desktop applications and websites.
Adobe Fonts for Adobe applications
What information does the Adobe Fonts service collect when used with Adobe applications?
To provide the Adobe Fonts service within Adobe applications, Adobe may collect information about how fonts are used with those applications, such as the font used, when a document using the font is opened, and when a font is applied to a document. Adobe Fonts does not collect the content of documents using the fonts.
How does Adobe Fonts use the information it collects?
Adobe uses the information collected from Adobe applications to provide the Adobe Fonts service. For example, this information is used to calculate and pay usage royalties to the font foundries whose fonts are used, and to install and uninstall fonts based on their use. We share aggregate reporting with font foundries, but we do not share your personal information with font foundries.
Adobe Fonts for websites
How does the Adobe Fonts service for websites use Cookies?
In providing the Adobe Fonts website (
fonts.adobe.com
), we use
cookies
in accordance with our Privacy Policy. In providing the Adobe Fonts service for websites, we do not set or use cookies in order to serve our fonts.
What information is collected by the Adobe Fonts service for websites?
To provide the Adobe Fonts service for websites, Adobe may collect information about the fonts being served to your website. The information is used for the purposes of billing and compliance, and may include the following:
Fonts served
Web Project ID
Web Project JavaScript version (string)
Web Project type (string "configurable" or "dynamic")
Embed type (whether you are using the JavaScript or CSS embed code)
Account ID (identifies the customer the Web Project is from)
Service providing the fonts (e.g., Adobe Fonts)
Server serving the fonts (e.g., Adobe Fonts servers or Enterprise CDN)
Hostname of page loading the fonts
IP address - while the Fonts service receives IP address so that it knows where to deliver the font, it does not store it
How does the Adobe Fonts service for websites use the information it collects?
Adobe uses the information collected from websites using Adobe Fonts to provision the Adobe Fonts service and diagnose delivery or download problems. This information is also used to pay and fulfill our contracts with the font foundries whose fonts are used. We share aggregate reporting with font foundries and we may confirm to a font foundry that you have a valid license from Adobe, but we do not otherwise share your personal information with font foundries.