Support & FAQ
Log in to your account
Register now to bet on the world's biggest lotteries
Join 20 million other people getting to play the biggest jackpots, with the best mobile features and great offers.
Dream Bigger with Lottoland.
Player service
Always happy to help
@ E-Mail
I confirm I am 18+ and have read and accept the
T&C
and
privacy policy
. I understand that I will receive marketing messages and can update my contact preferences at any time in the “My Account” section of the website.
To set a deposit limit,
click here
.
To cancel the deposit limit, click
cancel
.
Live Chat
Account verification
Please verify your account by following the steps.
Learn more
Please email to us the below:
Proof of Identity - a copy of your passport / ID Card
Proof of Address - a copy of a utility bill or bank statement (dated within 6 months)
A picture of yourself (a selfie) holding a written paper that shows your email address and the word ‘Lottoland'
Contact support
I’ll do it later
Verify your phone number
'
We use cookies
We use cookies to improve your experience. Strictly necessary cookies are always active. You can accept all, reject non-essential cookies, or manage your preferences. Learn more in our
cookie policy.
ACCEPT ALL
Reject All
Manage Cookies
Cookie Preference Center
We use cookies to improve your player experience. You can choose to 'accept all’ cookies or opt-in / opt-out by cookie category (except 'Strictly Necessary Cookies' which must be enabled for our site/app to function correctly). 

Please Note: Cookies are not the same as your contact preferences, so please visit ‘My Profile’ to edit contact preferences for marketing promotions and news.
View Cookie Policy
ALLOW ALL
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are required for the operation of our site or app. For example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas or use the shopping cart.
Functional Cookies
These cookies provide enhanced functionality and personalisation for you (e.g. remembering your choice of language or region and frequently used products).
Statistics Cookies
These cookies help us improve the way our site works by understanding usage e.g. pages visited and clicked links.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through partners or third parties to track online activity and help advertisers deliver more relevant advertising and/or to limit ad frequency. They do not store personal info directly, but are based on uniquely identifying browsers and devices. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label