Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Please read this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service carefully before using Crimson Pine Games Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the games, applications, software, products, features and services (together “Services”) of Crimson Pine Games and is made available to any end Users directly by us or with a usage of all platforms and systems.
“Crimson Pine”, “we”, “us” or “our” refers to Crimson Pine Games sp. z o. o. and we refer to You as “You”, “Your”, “User” and “Users” in this Privacy Policy.
We are compliant with all applicable regulations regarding privacy and its protection. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to provide our Users with comprehensive and easy to understand overview of what we do with Your data.
We wish to remind You that this Privacy Policy applies to the data that we control and process when You use the Service. It does not apply to any external services or third party applications and websites or any other third parties which You may encounter using our Services.
If You have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, contact us at support[at]crimsonpine.com. We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 24.05.2018.
2. Who we are
Crimson Pine Games is a software developer and a publisher. In order to provide our services, we collect, store and use Your data as a data controller and processor. The data we are in control of is provided by Users to Crimson Pine Games, collected automatically by Crimson Pine Games and provided to us by any third-parties (i.e. iTunes, GooglePlay).
3. What information is being collected
Personal information, often described as personally identifiable information (PII) is never used in our Services with one exception. The only information that may be considered pseudonymized is a completely random identification number we assign User when he uses any of our Services for the first time. This identification number is completely random, so it may appear to You as an anonymized data but in reality, if there’s a connection between a person or device and a data it is considered a PII since it may be used to identify one.
In order to completely anonymize Your data You have to take one of the following actions:
uninstall the Service;
decide to be forgotten and take advantage of this opportunity using an in-game button which will allow You to become forgotten. Consequences of this action may vary, You may experience a different gameplay, the Service may not work properly or You won’t be able to use our Service at all.
This operation is irreversible by design. After You uninstall the Service it won’t be Your data anymore, since we won’t be able to distinguish You from other Users. The data will be completely depersonalized, therefore anonymized.
It’s important You understand that we do not collect Your personal information. We only assign each User a random value which does let us distinguish them. This identification number is generated by us. All personally identifiable information that comes from You is never shared with us.
Be aware that even if You request Your data to be removed we won’t be able to fulfill Your wish since none of the sides won’t know what is Your identification number.
When you purchase items via our mobile apps (such as those you can purchase in the App Store or on Google Play) we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
Besides this identification number, the information we collect is always anonymized and varies between games, but generally, the data we collect and process consists of:
The data related to advertisements. This category includes data such as when an ad was loaded when an ad was displayed or what did You get in the Services in exchange for watching an ad;
Details about how you use and interact with our Services. This category varies the most since we We are a publisher of various types of Services. It may consist of things such as which of our games You are playing, Your progress through the games, session time and duration, number of attempts at each level and purchases made;
Your interactions with us on our social media channels;
Location data – Your IP address is translated ‘on the fly’ to Your country code, so the only information we get is Your country code. It lets us aggregate the data by country;
Hardware data – things such as RAM, operating system, device model, Your battery level, which helps us estimate if the Service is well optimized for Your device.
After You have agreed to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service all these data is collected automatically.
4. Why we collect the data
We use the data collected automatically for the following purposes:
To improve customer service.
To personalize the User experience.
To allow synchronization of game progress across multiple devices.
To manage the Service.
To provide features available in the Service.
To develop, improve, and protect the Service.
To market research.
To audit and analyze the Service.
To ensure the technical functionality and security of the Service.
5. What we do with the information we collect
We use the information we collect to provide the Service to You. Our goal is to make our Services the most enjoyable and without the information about Your playstyle we cannot conclude about why Users prefer certain things among the others. It’s necessary for us to use Your information to:
Identify when You use our Services;
Recommend content and in-game offers and promotions based on Your current and past activity (profiling);
Analyze why You’ve decided to watch a certain type of advertisements, bought in-app purchases or subscribed to our Services;
Perform tests which are the only way to improve the general gaming experience of our Services;
Respond to Your questions and reviews.
The data we collect is anonymized and unintrusive. We have a legitimate interest in both improving User experience and learn from our past products in order to gain knowledge on how to develop better Services. In short, it’s necessary for us to collect this data and You may often find that without allowing us to automatically collect this anonymized data the Service won’t work as expected or may not work at all.
Information collected automatically shall be used only for general statistics in order to improve the Service’s functionality and correctness. The way You interact with our Services may affect Your gameplay and we may target You with certain offers more often than others. For instance, we may recommend You playing more difficult levels if our algorithm noted that You completed certain levels distinctly faster than other Users. That way both we and Users benefit from sharing Your information to:
Personalizing content;
Providing advertising;
Making recommendations;
Improve Crimson Pine Games as a company itself and its Services;
Send You updates and notifications. For example, we use notifications to remind You that some things require Your action in the Services. You can always turn off these notifications by updating Your settings;
Conduct analytics on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging session time of Users who use two different versions of our tutorial, which lets us conclude which version is better.
We also analyze and use the information that we collect on an anonymized or aggregated basis for product development, to analyze the performance of our games, to troubleshoot and to improve and optimize the games to ensure the best player experience for our players as a whole.
6. Who will the data be shared with
We may disclose Information to third-parties when it is required by law or by law enforcement entity in accordance with binding regulations.
We, as a data controller, make sure that the data processing carried out on our behalf always meets regulatory requirements and ensure the protection of the rights of the data subject. Third party companies or individuals that we employ to process information work on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We contract with third parties to provide certain services to facilitate the operations of our Services (“Service Providers”), such as to manage the analytics information about the usage of our Services.  Our Service Providers will be given access to Your information as reasonably necessary to provide the services for which they are contracted. These Service Providers will never gain any of Your PII.
7. Advertising
We use advertising in our Services so we can continue to offer many of our Services for free. When advertisers or ad networks place ads in our Services, they may collect the following types of information from within our Services:
your age, country, region, gender;
Information logged from Your hardware or device (browser information, MAC address, Operating System information, IP address, Flash cookies, Device ID, browser cookies, application usage data, installed software, hardware type);
Internet and on-line usage information and in-game information;
Ad identifiers – These are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple’s ID for advertising (the ‘IDFA’), which are uniquely associated with your device. Similar technologies include tracking pixels within ads. These technologies allow companies (including marketers and advertisers) to recognize your device when you use websites and applications.
The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
Our advertising partners may combine this information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) in order to serve you more relevant ads in our games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection of your information by our advertising partners.
For the list of all the current data processors
click here
.
8. For how long will we retain Your information
We collect Your data for as long as You use our Services. After You remove the Service Your data automatically becomes depersonalized, therefore we retain only anonymous data.
How long we retain this information depends on why we collected it and how we use it. We retain the collected data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
9. Payment Information
If You purchase a license to use in-game virtual currency or virtual items or a subscription in our game, our third-party payment processor (like Apple or Google) will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process Your charges. This may include Your postal address, e-mail address and financial information. Crimson Pine Games does not collect or store Your financial information, like credit card numbers.
10. Security of Your Information
While we take precautions against possible security breaches of our Services and our databases, no transmission is completely secure. We cannot guarantee that data loss or security breaches will never occur. If it did, You wouldn’t have any reason to be concerned about that – we don’t store Your personal information, therefore, the data we collected from You will never be a subject of a threat for a User. The only thing that will suffer will be our reputation.
11. Your options
You have options in relation to the information that we have about You described below. If You’re a European Economic Area (EEA) User, You can:
Depersonalize Your information using a button available in our Services. If the button is not available, we don’t collect Your data in this particular Service. You can’t ask us to remove Your data any other way since none of us will ever know Your identification number.
Complain to a regulator. If You’re based in the EEA and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, You have a right to lodge a complaint with the
GIODO
or with Your local supervisory authority.
12. Further information
This Privacy Policy is governed by Polish law.
If You have any questions related to our Privacy Policy or the Services, the best way to get in touch is through support[at]crimsonpine.com. If You wish to contact us via traditional post, our address is Jasna 14/10 street, Gliwice, 44-100, Poland.