Privacy Policy
Kenwood Ltd takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy relating to your use of the following:
the Kenwood World  App (the "
App
")
any device paired to the App (e.g. the [kCook Multi Smart]) (the "
Device
")
any related websites ("
Sites
") accessed through a browser or other means.
We use the term "Services" to mean the App, the Device and the Sites together.
If you have any questions or concerns about our treatment of your personal information through the Services, please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information We Collect and Why
The personal information that we may collect about you through the Services broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide voluntarily
When you use the Services we may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: for example, you may be asked to provide your contact details in order to register an account with us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us.
Information that we collect automatically
We may collect certain information automatically from the Device and the App.
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the customers who use the Device and the App; where they come from, and which parts are of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of the Device and the App.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
to our group companies, authorised third party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our website, products or services), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your personal information;
to a potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, or in the event that Kenwood Ltd goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, provided that we inform the third party it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy;
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Kenwood Ltd does not rent or sell personal data to third parties.
De’Longhi does not rent or sell personal data to third parties.
Legal basis for processing personal information
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
When we collect information from you in order for you to use the App or the Device, then we are doing so in order to perform a contract with you. It is also in our legitimate interest.  If you do not provide user registration information, or information necessary to pair the Device, then you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of the Device.
If we otherwise ask you to provide personal information to perform a contact with you, or to comply with a legal requirement, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we otherwise collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you.  For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Policy
https://www.kenwoodworld.com/en-int/terms-conditions/cookie-policy
Kenwood Ltd uses all appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the personal information we collect and process about you (e.g. against their unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction). The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
Specifically, our website servers are located both within Europe and the USA, and our group companies and third party service providers and partners operate around the world.  This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in any of these countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Data retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Data on accounts that have not been accessed for a period of two years will be deleted.
Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
In addition, if you are a resident of the European Union, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and Canada) are available
here
.)
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
When the Services contain links and other resources provided by third-party websites, products, and services, these are provided for your information and convenience only and do not signify any endorsement by Kenwood Ltd. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and you acknowledge and agree that: (i) we are not responsible for such websites, including the terms on which such websites are made available and the privacy policies of such websites, and we do not control their content or availability; (ii) we make no representation, warranty or condition, either express or implied, in relation to any goods or services or information received from such websites; and (iii) if you access any such websites, you do so entirely at its own risk. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties before you submit any personal data.
Children
The Services are aimed at adult users. Kenwood Ltd does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 16 without the prior, verifiable consent of his or her legal representative. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal data on our products and services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal data to Kenwood Ltd through our Services, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
Recipe Sharing
If you share a recipe which you complete in the Services then personal information about you will be visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them.
Other sharing facilities (Comment Boards and Open Forums)
In some circumstances, using or posting on a forum, chat room, or social networking service, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Kenwood Ltd may change its Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. Kenwood Ltd encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email or by post using the following details:
Data Controller:
Kenwood Ltd
1-3 Kenwood Business Park
New Lane
Havant
PO9 2NH
UK
Need further assistance?