Morf Privacy policy
We care for the privacy & protection of our users and their data and we would like to share with you our policy and practices regarding your information and its privacy. Our Privacy Policy outlines what data is collected from our users and how it is used and processed. It also highlights how our users can control their data.
Information that users share with us
General Information About You
Our services can be accessed without registration. You do not have to provide any persional information with us, however, Google, our advertisement partner, may collect your personal preference to show better advertisements on our platforms.
Facial Data Provided By You
The images that you selected to morph are processed locally, and they are discarded immediately after the images are morphed. The images are never sent to our remote servers and any third parties.
Information shared with the public
Most of your information including your facial data is kept in privacy and not shared with the public.
Information that we collect from our users
Internet Protocol
When you use our services, even if you are just visiting our platforms, we receive information about you and your access. Our servers and some third-party technology providers log your internet protocol (IP) address with timestamps to maintain the security and quality of the service and may log the IP for other purposes such as analytics. To maintain the safety and security of our users, we record your IP address and port when you register and when you send any data on any of our platforms. We may also record the IP address and port on other occasions for the same purpose.
Cookies
The use of cookies has many benefits to internet users and service providers and Morf uses cookies for many reasons. The most important one is to provide a seamless experience for our users. Here are more details about cookies: “When you visit a website, the website sends a cookie to your computer. Your computer stores it in a file located inside your web browser.” * “The purpose of the computer cookie is to help the website keep track of your visits and activity.” * (derived from: https://us.norton.com/internetsecurity-privacy-what-are-cookies.html).
We use cookies to operate our services properly and seamlessly, to collect website usage data and to show ads. You have the option on your own device to disable the use of cookies, but some parts of our services may not function properly if you disable cookies. Here are more details on the use of cookies on Morf:
Anonymous Authentication
We use cookies to make it easier for you to stay logged in anonymously.
Preferences & Choices
We use cookies to remember your language choice every time you visit our website.
Ads Cookies
We display ads on our platforms to be able to support our operations and to provide you with our services. We also use third-party ad network partners, such as Media.Net and Google Adsense, to display ads on our platforms. Cookies are used to manage ads. If you don’t give a consent to see ads personalized to you, by disabling the use of cookies to personalize ads, you may see ads that are less relevant to you. These ads use cookies to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse. For more information, you can visit our partner web pages for more details. Learn more about Media.Net privacy policy and practices: https://www.media.net/en/privacy-policy Learn more about Google use of cookies for ads: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en&gl=US Learn how Google uses information from sites or apps that use its services on https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=en&gl=US
Insights
To provide insights for our users, we may analyze Morfs and user activity. Data privacy and confidentiality will be maintained.
3rd Party Services
Analytics Services
Morf may utilize services that analyze users’ behavior such as Facebook Analytics and Google Analytics. We use these analytics to improve our services and enhance the user experience. These services may use cookies and may collect certain information about you such as your device, websites you visit, how you use our services, your activities on our platforms or your demographics. Here, you can learn more about Facebook Cookies Policy and Google Analytics Privacy Policy.
Links to External Sites
Our website may contain links to other sites on the internet or advertisements and we are not responsible for the data practices and privacy policies of these websites. We may be assisted by third party advertising companies for the reason of displaying ads when you visit our website. These companies have the right to use general information about your visit to this website and other websites. This is to show you targeted ads that are more relevant to you.
Your choices & opting out of interest-based advertising
As we outlined above, we use cookies to operate our services and provide other features on our platforms. Your browser may give you the ability to adjust your settings to delete or disable cookies. If you choose to disable cookies, you may not be able to use certain part of our services. You can also opt-out of receiving personalized ads here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and here http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Disclosure of Information
We highly value the confidentiality of your data. We also have to protect our users and communities from misusers. To make sure our users are protected, we may disclose personal information when requested by legal or law-enforcement entities through official channels.
Modification of Data Confidentiality and Privacy Policy
We have the right to modify the items and conditions of data confidentiality and privacy policy if needed and when we see adequate
Contacting Us
You can contact us using the methods described in the "About" page