P
RIVACY
POLICY
English
English
Français
Italiano
Deutsch
Español
Nederlands
Português (Brasil)
한국어
日本語
Privacy Policy
LEVEL5 Inc. (“LEVEL5” or “we”) acknowledges the importance of protecting personal information, and declares that we handle personal information provided by our customers in compliance with the Government of Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information, as well as our
                  privacy policy set forth below (“Privacy Policy”), in order to make every effort to protect personal information.
1.Collection and Handling of Personal Information
We may, to the extent necessary, collect personal information relating to our business, including without limitation: planning, production and sales of our products and services; repair services; and software development.
In some cases, in order to better utilize personal information, LEVEL5 may outsource all or part of the handling of it. In such cases, we will appoint an outsourced company which has established rules concerning the handling of personal information and supervise said company with
                    respect to the protection of the personal information.
We will not disclose personal information to any third party without the customer’s prior consent, except in the following cases: where disclosure of information is required by laws and regulations; where it is in the form of unidentifiable statistical data; or when we conclude
                    an outsource agreement with a company under which the personal information shall not be used for any purposes other than those specified by LEVEL5.
2.Purposes of Personal Information Utilization
The personal information collected from customers may be used for the purposes set out below. We will not use personal information for any purpose other than for those listed below without the customer’s prior consent.
(a)
Providing products or services to customers;
(b)
Identifying and verifying customers;
(c)
Providing repair services of products to customers;
(d)
Communicating with customers regarding services and products;
(e)
Providing advertisements, surveys, and targeted campaigns to customers;
(f)
Reviewing marketing activities or services for the sake of improvements;
(g)
Developing or marketing new products and services;
(h)
Providing customer service, such as responding to questions or complaints from customers and resolving disputes; and
(i)
Contacting job applicants, conducting recruiting activity, and preparing analytical data.
3.Compliance with Laws and Regulations
LEVEL5 complies with the Government of Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information and other laws and regulations relating to personal information.
4.Internal Awareness of this Policy
LEVEL5 will make its best effort to ensure that this Privacy Policy is fully communicated to our executive staff and employees and that they comply with it. We will strive to provide our employees with the necessary training and educational activities in order to improve their
                    knowledge and awareness of proper personal information management.
5.Disclosure, Correction, and Discontinuation of Personal Information Utilization
Please contact the Personal Information Inquiry Desk listed below if you have any requests regarding disclosure, correction, discontinuation of use, or other treatment of your personal information that is held by LEVEL5. Please note that we may be unable to respond to requests
                    that are not in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
6.Continuous Improvement in the Protection of Personal Information
LEVEL5 will continuously strive to improve our company’s systems and rules including the revision of our personal information protection policy.
7.Utilization of Google Analytics
LEVEL5 may utilize Google Analytics, an analytics tool by Google LLC, to better understand the usage status of our website. Google Analytics uses cookies which enable Google LLC to collect, record, and analyze the access information to our website without identifying individuals.
                    We may understand the details surrounding a customer's visit to our website by receiving analysis results from Google LLC. This technology can be rejected by disabling the applicable cookies. This will stop the collection of personal information, but your browsing experience of
                    our website may be affected, and parts of our website may not function properly.
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/
8.Inquiries
If you have an inquiry regarding this Privacy Policy or any requests regarding disclosure, correction, discontinuation of use, or other treatment of your personal information that is held by LEVEL5, please feel free to contact us via the following addresses:
Personal Information Inquiry Desk
LEVEL5 Inc.
Yakuin Business Garden
1-1-1 Yakuin, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka
Japan 810-0022
E-mail:
privacypolicy@level5.co.jp
Website:
https://www.level5.co.jp/
Last Updated: May 29th, 2020
Privacy Policy Addendum for Residents of the United States
This “Privacy Policy Addendum for Residents of the United States” only applies to the processing of personal data concerning persons residing in the United States of America.
1.Children and Parents
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13, we strongly encourage you to supervise and participate in your child’s use of this website. From time to time this website may offer certain activities, features, or events where user registration is needed to
                    participate. To protect the online privacy of children under the age of 13, we may require parents/legal guardians to register in order for their child to participate in such activities, events, or features, or we may require prior verifiable parental consent before giving
                    children access to such features in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). Alternatively, in accordance with COPPA’s one-time-use exception, we may allow anyone to participate in certain activities by providing only an e-mail address and a
                    first name (if allowable) and we will use that information to contact the user once, only in connection with their participation in the applicable activity, feature, or event, and will thereafter delete the information from our database.
If we collect and store personal information from children for ongoing use, we will enable parents to review and request that we delete or stop collection or use of such data. When applicable, parents can use the contact information provided at the bottom of the Privacy Policy to
                    make such a request.
2.Notice to California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the "Shine the Light" law), California residents have a right to request an information-sharing disclosure from a business to which they have provided personal information and which has disclosed the information to a third
                    party for third-party direct marketing use in the prior calendar year.
We do not knowingly share your personal information with third parties for direct marketing use, except with your opt-in consent. To make a request for information-sharing disclosure under this law, please e-mail us at privacypolicy@level5.co.jp. Please note that, under this law,
                    we are not required to respond to your request more than once per calendar year, nor are we required to respond to any requests that are not sent to the above-designated e-mail address.
Please note that we do not share personal information collected from children with independent third parties for marketing purposes.
3.Do Not Track (DNT) Disclosure
This website does not currently respond to "Do Not Track" signals of web browsers. However, should the industry establish uniform technological standards for recognizing and implementing "Do Not Track" signals, we shall duly consider following such industry standards.
Last Updated: May 29th, 2020
GDPR Privacy Policy
LEVEL5 Inc. (“LEVEL5” or “we”) has established this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to indicate its policy on the processing of personal information provided by customers (“Customers” or “you”) living in the European Economic Area (EEA). Personal data covered by this Privacy
                  Policy (“Personal Data”) only applies to Personal Data subject to the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
1.Personal Data Obtained from Customers
We may obtain the following Personal Data from Customers:
(a)
full names
(b)
email addresses
(c)
passwords
(d)
online identifiers (such as IP addresses and cookies)
We respect the Customer’s right of privacy regarding their Personal Data and comply with data protection and privacy related laws and regulations including the GDPR.
2.Purposes of Personal Data Utilization
We will appropriately handle any Personal Data we obtain for the purposes set out below and in accordance with the GDPR.
(a)
To register a new Customer for our services:
1-(b); 1-(c); and 1-(d);
based on the consent of the Customer as set forth in the GDPR’s Article 6(1)-a.
(b)
To respond to inquiries from Customers:
1-(a) ; 1-(b); and 1-(d);
based on the consent of the Customer as set forth in the GDPR’s Article 6(1)-a.
(c)
To provide information on our products and services in response to Customers’ requests:
1-(b) and 1-(d);
based on the consent of the Customer as set forth in the GDPR’s Article 6(1)-a.
3.Sources of Personal Data
We may obtain the Personal Data of Customers directly from the Customers or indirectly through third parties such as the following:
・Affiliates of LEVEL5 (e.g. LEVEL-5 abby Inc., located in the U.S.A.)
・Companies providing data processing and hosting services (located in Japan)
4.Legal Grounds for Lawful Processing of Personal Data of Customers
We will use Personal Data only when relevant laws or regulations (in particular, the GDPR) allow us to do so. We will ensure that we have legal ground and obey it lawfully when we process Personal Data.
5.Sharing Personal Data
We may, in accordance with the GDPR, share Personal Data of Customers with third parties operating the following types of businesses for the purposes stipulated in this Privacy Policy:
・Cloud-based services that manage customer information
The disclosure of the information provided above includes (subject to change due to business circumstances) the transfer of Customers’ Personal Data to Japan, which is outside the EU/EEA regions.
6.Retention Period of Personal Data
We will retain Customers’ Personal Data for the necessary period required to achieve the aforementioned purposes or for any period specified by applicable laws and regulations.
7.Legal Rights of Customers
Customers have the following rights in relation to their Personal Data (so long as certain conditions are met):
(a)
the right to request access to their Personal Data;
(b)
the right to request correction of their Personal Data;
(c)
the right to request deletion of their Personal Data;
(d)
the right to object to any inappropriate processing of their Personal Data;
(e)
the right to request restriction on processing of their Personal Data;
(f)
the right to request the portability of their Personal Data; and
(g)
the right to withdraw their consent for us to process their Personal Data.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact our legal representative or us via the contact information set forth in Article 8 of this Privacy Policy.
8.Contact Information
For questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or for inquiries or requests regarding the rights of Customers stipulated in Article 7 of this Privacy Policy, please contact us or our legal representative set out below. We would appreciate it if Customers contact our representative
                    in the first instance.
(a)
The Corporation
LEVEL5 Inc.
Yakuin Business Garden, 1-1-1, Yakuin, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka, 810-0022 Japan
Email Address:
privacypolicy@level5.co.jp
Website:
https://www.level5.co.jp/
(b)
Representative
LCA Studio Legale
Via della Moscova 18, 20121 Milano, Italy
Phone: +39 027788751
Email Address:
gianluca.decristofaro@lcalex.it
9.Security
We will strive to take all appropriate security measures in processing information in order to protect your Personal Data.
10.Use of Google Analytics
LEVEL5 may utilize Google Analytics, an analytics tool by Google LLC, to better understand the usage status of our website. Google Analytics uses cookies which enable Google LLC to collect, record, and analyze the access information to our website without identifying individuals.
                    We may understand the details surrounding a customer's visit to our website by receiving analysis results from Google LLC. This technology can be rejected by disabling the applicable cookies. This will stop the collection of personal information, but your browsing experience of
                    our website may be affected, and parts of our website may not function properly.
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/
11.Updates to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will be updated as necessary. The latest version can be viewable on our website.
Last Updated: Jan 18th, 2022