Terms & Conditions
of Use
Thank you for choosing Vidi Limited (“Vidi”, we", "us" and "our").
By signing up or otherwise using the Vidi services, website, and software application (the website, services and software applications are referred to herein as the “Products”), you agree to be bound by these terms. Please read them carefully. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms you should not access or view the Products. References to "VIDI LIMITED", "we", "us" and "our" are references to VIDI LIMITED and their respective affiliates.
The information contained in the Products is intended for general information purposes only. Vidi has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information is accurate at the time of inclusion; however, there may be inaccuracies and occasional errors for which Vidi shall not be held liable and apologizes.
Vidi makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the Products or the information contained on the Products for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
Vidi reserves the right at any time and without notice to enhance, modify, alter, suspend or permanently discontinue all or any part of the Products and to restrict or prohibit access to it.
The Products may include links to websites operated by parties other than Vidi. We are not responsible for the content of the linked websites and therefore we bear no responsibility for the information contained in the latter that may be linked to our Products by means of a hyperlink.
The Products features intellectual property notably trademarks and copyrights that are Vidi's sole property and protected by intellectual property laws. You may display the Products for your own non-commercial use. Any other use, including but not limited to the reProductsion, distribution, creation of derivative works, display or transmission of the Products, use of any content on the Products, for commercial or public purposes, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Vidi.
You agree that you shall not use the Products for illegal purposes, and will respect all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to use the Products in a way that may impair the performance, corrupt the content or otherwise reduce the overall functionality of the Website. You also agree not to compromise the security of the Products or attempt to gain access to secured areas or sensitive information.
You hereby agree to indemnify Vidi against any costs, claims, losses and damages (including legal fees) incurred by or awarded to Vidi as a result of your misuse of the Products or your breach of these terms.
Vidi may suspend or terminate your use of the Products as a result of your fraud or breach of any obligation under these Terms. Such termination or suspension may be immediate and without notice. A breach of these Terms, includes without limitation, the unauthorized copying or download of our audio or video content from the Products.
To the extent permitted by law, Vidi and its affiliates, suppliers, clients, or licensors (collectively, the “Protected Entities”) shall not be liable for any consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising from, or directly or indirectly related to, the use of, or the inability to use, the Products or the content, materials and functions related thereto, your provision of information via the Products, or lost business or lost sales, or any errors, viruses or bugs contained in the Products, even if such Protected Entity has been advised of the possibility of such damages.Your sole remedy against us for use of the site or any content is to discontinue using the Products.
Vidi reserves the right to amend or update the terms without prior notice. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Our information collection and use policies with respect to the privacy of such User Information are set forth in our Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of User Information, and you agree to keep it up to date.
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law regardless of where the user is based. Any dispute arising from the use of the site shall be resolved by the courts of England and Wales.
In the event that any or any part of the provisions contained in these terms shall be determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such provision shall to that extent be severed from the remaining provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this policy (the “Privacy Policy”) is to set out the principles governing our use of personal information that we may obtain about you. By using the site, or by registering as a user of the services that we provide, you agree to this use. Please read the following carefully. Any dispute which may arise over privacy will be subject to this policy and the data protection notice (if any) incorporated into the Products.
We respect your right to the privacy of the personal information you provide us on our site.
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. We therefore ask you to check it occasionally to ensure that you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access the Products.
For your convenience, the Products contains links to a number of other websites. The policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites; we suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
Personal information we may collect from you
Vidi will only collect personal data, for example, your name and e-mail address, click-through activity and any other personal information you voluntarily submitted to us through the Products. Our affiliate partners and companies we hire will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you when you submit your information.
To that end and unless you designate otherwise or is otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy or at the time information is collected, any personal information you provide to the site will be known only to two parties: you and Vidi.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent it deems necessary to complete your request or at your express demand.
We may refer to that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our services. We may use that information to contact you. We will not transfer the personally identifiable information you provide at the Products to any third party unless otherwise disclosed to you.
Finally, we will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your consent except (i) as described in this policy, or (ii) as required by law, court order or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority.
Non-personal information collection and use
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use, the pages you visit or the website which directed you to our site. You cannot be identified from this information and it is used only to assist us in providing an effective service.
Use of cookies
We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. Through your browser settings, you can accept or decline cookies or set your browser to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
Security of your personal data
Vidi has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse, to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.
The Products is copyrighted by Vidi Limited, all rights reserved.