Press Alt+1 for screen-reader mode, Alt+0 to cancel
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting
About cookies on this site
We use cookies to collect and analyse information on site performance and usage, to provide social media features and to enhance and customise content and advertisements. Please see our Cookie Notice by clicking Learn More or click on "Cookie Settings" for more detail and/or to control these.
Learn more
COOKIE SETTINGS
ALLOW ALL COOKIES
DENY ALL
Welcome to Wagestream’s Privacy Notice
What does this Privacy Notice Cover?
Welcome to Wagestream’s Privacy Notice
What does this Privacy Notice Cover?
This Privacy Notice covers the position where Wagestream is the Controller of your Personal Data.  Please see the end of this Privacy Notice for a statement concerning where Wagestream is a Processor.
Wagestream respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your Personal Data. We want to be transparent with you about how we collect and use your Personal Data in making available our platform, mobile application (“
App
”) and/or website(s) (together “
Platform
”) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
With that in mind, this Privacy Notice describes how Wagestream collects and processes your Personal Data, which may be either through your use of the Wagestream Platform, including any data you may provide through this Platform; or through your interaction with Wagestream through social media and marketing activities. The Privacy Notice complies with and is intended to meet our duties of Transparency under the retained EU law version of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK GDPR
”) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (as amended from time to time).
It is important that you read this Privacy Notice together with any other privacy or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing Personal Data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your Personal Data. This Privacy Notice supplements other such notices and is not intended to override them.
Who we are and how to contact us
Who we are
Wagestream Limited is a company registered in England and Wales (number 11173225) at 7-9 Rathbone Street, London, W1T 1LY; registered with the Financial Conduct Authority (“
FCA
”) (firm reference 902046) as an EMD Agent of Electronic Money Institutions authorised by the FCA: PayrNet Limited (firm reference 900594) and Modulr FS Limited (firm reference 900573); acts as a PSD agent (firm reference 995651) of Bud Financial Limited (firm reference 793327), a Payment Institution authorised by the FCA, for Account Information Services.
We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (“
ICO
”) with reference number: ZA421647 (Wagestream Limited).
In this Privacy Notice, where we refer to “Wagestream”, “we”, “us” or “our” we mean Wagestream Limited unless expressly stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires.
The privacy notice applicable to the provision of regulated products and services (e.g. credit cards, loans and workplace savings) and provided by
Wagestream Finance Limited
.
How to contact us
We have appointed a data protection officer (“
DPO
”) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Notice. If you have any questions about it, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
You can contact us through the App or
website
; by emailing:
dpo@wagestream.co.uk
; or writing to us at DPO, Wagestream, 7-9 Rathbone Street, London, W1T 1LY.
What personal data we collect
The types of Personal Data we may collect about you, is outlined in the table below.
Category of Personal Data collected
What this means
Identity Data
includes full name; username or similar identifier; title; date of birth; gender; age; nationality and language(s); passport, driving licence or other identity document, which includes a photograph (for KYC, AML checks, and profile picture where added).
Contact Data
includes your home address; email address and telephone numbers.
Profile Data
includes your password, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Other Personal Data
includes data provided to customer services support including about personal circumstances, which may include additional financial information such as household income; financial income other than salary; financial liabilities.
Employment Data
includes income; employment status; shifts and hours; absences, name of employer, place of work and employment history.
Financial Data
includes sort code; account name; account number; salary and statutory payments.
Open Banking Data
includes transaction history; transaction amounts and descriptions; account name; account number; account balance; currency; overdraft availability and balance; payment due dates and other information about your transactions, such as fees and account charges.
Transaction Data
includes any details about payments to and from you; other details of our services you have used and your transactions with 3rd parties.
Behavioural Data
includes inferred or assumed information relating to your behaviour and interests; based on your online activity and/or in App. This is most often collated and grouped into “segments” (e.g., there may be a segment for users, living in London and aged under 25, who use our services twice a month).
Technical Data
includes data related to website visits and App usage, such as Internet Protocol (IP) address; mobile device identifier; your login data; browser type and version; time zone setting and location; device language settings; browser plug-in types and versions; download errors; response time; page interaction (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) device type and model; operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this Platform or use our services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and third parties and your communication preferences; our communications with you (which may include correspondences, call and video records, transcriptions and analysis thereof).
Health Data
Includes data about your health such as absence data, where shared by your employer, to allow Wagestream to accurately adjust your salary accrual, this may include the reason that you are absent from work; any sensitive health information that individuals provide us during Coach conversations, or conversations with our support team, or any other communications that may reveal your vulnerability status, such as a gambling addiction, or other health issues
Account Activity Data
Includes your name, date of birth but also your current and past (i) address details, (ii) employment status (including your role, starting & ending date(s), number of worked hours), (iii) employer details, salary/earning/payroll details (including but not limited to payment dates and frequencies, gross and net salary/earnings information, tax related details).;
Aggregated Data
We may use and share Personal Data as “
Aggregated Data
” for statistical purposes only. Aggregated Data may be derived from your Personal Data, but once in aggregated form it will not constitute Personal Data for the purposes of the UK GDPR as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your Personal Data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as Personal Data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Special Categories of Personal Data
We may need to process sensitive information about you that data protection laws call “Special Category” data. This is information that can reveal details about a person’s race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, and information about health and genetic data.
Our reasons for using special category data
Face / Biometric Data – As Wagestream is a financial services provider, we are required to undertake Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) compliance checks if you open a Build Pot, Savings Account, or apply for a credit product.
Our third party partner Onfido collects facial biometric data for the purposes of completing the KYC and AML checks, by comparing a photograph of your identity document, against a photograph of you to allow verification of your identity. Onfido stores this data for up to three years for legal and compliance purposes. See
Onfido’s Privacy Notice
. Wagestream does not store this data.
We may also collect and process Health Data where you or your employer provide us with the same for the purposes of (i) ensuring accurate earnings calculations when absent from work; (ii) providing our Coach product to you; or (iii) protecting your financial wellbeing if you are at risk.
We may share information about you externally where we deem it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interest of another person.
Our Notice on children
This Platform is not intended for individuals below 16 and we do not knowingly collect data relating to such children. If you believe that we may have processed the data of any person under 16 years of age please contact our DPO immediately by email at
dpo@wagestream.co.uk
; or writing to us at DPO, Wagestream, 7-9 Rathbone Street, London, W1T 1LY.
How we collect your Personal Data
Directly
Directly from you via in-App chat, by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, social media channels or otherwise. This includes, without limitation, Personal Data you provide when you:
enrol in our services;
create an account;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions
As you interact with the Platform, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this Personal Data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see the Cookies section for further details.
From third party sources
In addition to the Personal Data that we collect directly from you, we may also collect certain categories of your Personal Data from third party sources. These sources are broken down in the table below.
Third party data source
Categories of personal data received
Purpose
Your employer (including their agents and service providers for example, workforce management systems providers)
Identity, Contact, Employment, Financial
To register you as a user and provide you with the Wagestream services
Analytics providers (such as Google based outside the UK)
Technical
To track issues that might be occurring on our systems and to understand and measure how users use our Platform to improve it and report relevant aggregated management information.
Your bank(s) (where you have authorised an Open Banking connection)
Open Banking
To provide you with account information services and other Open Banking services including product referrals.
Our service providers
Identity, Contact
To perform identity checks and compliance monitoring
Affiliate networks (where you have authorised cookies for discount and/or cashback purposes)
Identity, Technical, Transaction Data
To perform our discount and cashback services
How we use your Personal Data
We have set out below, in a table format, how we use your Personal Data. We will only use your Personal Data where we have a lawful basis to do so.
Purpose
Category(ies) of Personal Data involved
Why do we do this
?
Our legal basis for this use of data
Account Creation
Identity, Contact
To register you as a new user
Performance of contract
Transfers and Service Provision
Identity, Contact, Profile, Employment, Health Data, Financial
To provide you with the Wagestream services and related communications
Performance of contract, Consent
Open Banking
Open Banking
To provide our account information services and other Open Banking services
Performance of contract
Customer services and staff training
Identity, Contact, Profile, Employment, Financial, Customer Support, Technical, Marketing and Communications Data
To provide user support; to train our staff
Performance of contract, Legitimate Interest
Compliance and Fraud Prevention
Identity, KYC, AML, Contact, Behavioural, Technical, Financial
To keep our App, our services and associated systems operational and secure. To keep your data and identity secure and comply with our AML and KYC obligations. To enable regulated partners to comply with their legal obligations
Performance of contract, Legitimate Interest
Troubleshooting
Technical
To track issues that might be occurring on our systems
Performance of contract, Legitimate Interest
Optimisation and Analytics
Identity, Contact, Transactional, Technical, Behavioural, Open Banking
To understand and measure how users use our Platform to improve it and report relevant aggregated management information
Performance of contract, Legitimate Interest
Product Referrals
Identity, Contact, Technical Data, Transactional Data, Financial, Open Banking
To allow Wagestream to refer to you, and for you to access, third party products and services
Performance of contract, Consent
Surveys
Identity, Contact, Profile
To improve our service
Legitimate interest
Research and Statistics
Identity, Contact, Profile, Employer, Financial, Open Banking, Transaction, Behavioural, Technical and Other Personal Data
We use a range of rigorous scientific methods to understand our users better and how to support them which also serves to further a general public interest.
Legitimate Interest
Service Improvement and Development
Identity, Contact, Profile, Employer, Financial, Open Banking, Transaction, Behavioural, Technical and Other Personal Data
To improve our existing Wagestream services and develop ancillary services where we think these would be of interest to our users.
Legitimate Interest
Credit Reference Agency Identification
Identity Data
We share this information with certain credit reference agencies to identify you within the credit reference agency’s database and assign a unique identifier to your account to enable future Verification Data Disclosure where requested or required.
Legitimate Interest
Verification Data Disclosure
Identity, Contact, Employment Data
When you make an application to a third party such as a utility provider, a financial services provider, or a potential employer, for a product such as a credit card, loan or a mortgage, or a potential job role, we would provide your income and employment verification to the third party you have made an application to (and their agents) at your request. We also provide this information to credit reference agencies for the purposes of credit risk assessments, detecting fraud, preventing money laundering, ID verification, employment and income verification, compliance with applicable law or to exercise or defend a legal right, debt management and analytics
Legitimate Interest
Work Profile
Identity, Contact, Employment Data, Work Experience
Where you create a work profile with us upon leaving your employer, this will be made visible to potential employers.
Consent
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain Personal Data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Behavioural, Open Banking and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications (including by email and push notification) from us if you have requested information from us or obtained services from us and you have not opted out of or unsubscribed from receiving that marketing.
You will receive marketing communications by text and/or WhatsApp only where you have consented to receive the same.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your Personal Data with any third party for their marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing communications at any time by logging into the App and changing your preferences via the Profile tab (in respect of push notifications) or by following the unsubscribe links in any of our marketing emails sent to you (in respect of email communications) or in relation to text or WhatsApp messages by replying “STOP” as indicated in these messages. You may also unsubscribe or opt out by contacting us at any time using the contact details shown in “
Who We Are and How to Contact Us
” above (in respect of either or both communications).
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to transactional or service messages. Please allow two working days for instruction to take effect in all of our systems.
Who we share your Personal Data with
We may share your Personal Data with the third parties set out below for the purposes set out in this privacy notice:
Your employer.   Your employer(s) engaged Wagestream to provide the Platform and Wagestream services.  We share your Personal Data with your employer(s) to provide them and you with such Platform and services.
Members of our group of companies (Wagestream, Inc., Wagestream Financial Services UK Limited, and Wagestream Finance Ltd).  Data is shared for: reporting purposes; and the provision of ancillary services; and insurance services; and credit/regulated products; and customer services support.
Partners.   Where partners provide elements of our, or ancillary, services.
Affiliate networks. To track sales originating from our service.
Service providers. For the provision of IT and system administration services, email service providers, marketing service providers, customer services, KYC and AML service providers, to support our products and services, and other support services which allow us to run the business.
Professional advisers.  For the provision of consultancy, banking, legal, insurance, accounting and similar services.
Utility or financial service providers/their third-party agents and credit reference agencies (including but not limited to Equifax and Experian).
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors, and our principals, who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Employers. To share your Work Profile, allow verification of your Work Profile, work history, and any associated data with prospective employers.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your Personal Data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your Personal Data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your Personal Data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your Personal Data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International data transfers
Many of our external third parties are based outside the UK so their processing of your Personal Data will involve a transfer of data outside the UK.
Wagestream shall not transfer your personal data outside of the UK or the European Economic Area (EEA) unless it has taken such measures as are necessary to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable data protection laws (including EU GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018/UK GDPR, in each case as in force and applicable, and as may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time) Such measures may include (but are not limited to) transferring your Personal Data to a recipient in a country that the UK or European Commission (respectively) has decided provides adequate protection for Personal Data, to a recipient that has achieved binding corporate rules authorisation in accordance with applicable data protection laws, or to a recipient that has executed standard contractual clauses adopted or approved by the UK or European Commission (respectively).
How we keep your Personal Data secure
We have put in place appropriate technical and operational security measures designed to prevent your Personal Data from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. In addition, we limit access to your Personal Data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your Personal Data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected Personal Data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. If you suspect any misuse or loss of, or unauthorised access to, your Personal Data, you should let us know immediately.
How long we store your Personal Data
We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary for the purposes set out above in “
How we use your Personal Data and why
”, unless a longer retention period is required by law (for example for regulatory purposes).
We may store your information for as long as you’re using Wagestream, and for five years after the end of our relationship with your employer to comply with the law. In some circumstances, like cases of anti-money laundering or fraud, we may keep data longer if we need to and/or the law says we need to.
Information related with Platform use and marketing activities are typically stored for three years.
What happens when you do not provide necessary Personal Data?
Where we
need
to process your Personal Data either to comply with law, or to perform the terms of a contract we have with you and your employer and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with the functionalities of the Platform).
In this case, we may have to stop you using our Platform, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
Automated Decision Making
Wagestream does not apply automated decision making (including profiling) producing legal effects concerning, or similarly significantly affecting, you.
Third party links
This Platform may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share your Personal Data. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Platform, we encourage you to read the Privacy Notice of every site you visit.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Platform may become inaccessible or not function properly. Please see our
Cookies Notice.
Your rights relating to your Personal Data
You have certain rights under the law, such as notice to request access to your information, to manage it and to request for it to be deleted or to transfer information about you or to restrict the way it is used.
By law you have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Data
. This is commonly known as a “data subject access request” and enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the Personal Data that we hold about you
. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your Personal Data
. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below). Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your Personal Data
. This right exists where we are relying on a Legitimate Interest (or those of a third party) as the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your particular situation, which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data
. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of Personal Data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Data
. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent
. This right only exists where we are relying on consent to process your Personal Data (“Consent Withdrawal”). If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to the certain specific functionalities of our Platform. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
How to exercise your rights
If you wish to exercise any of these rights where we are the Controller please contact us using the contact details shown in “
Who We Are and How to Contact Us
”.  Where we are the Processor, please contact the Controller (this will usually be your employer).  If you are unsure, please contact us and we will be pleased to help establish who will be best placed to help you.  Please note, our own contractual obligations with the Controller may require us to advise the Controller of the request.
Typically, you will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, except in relation to Consent Withdrawal, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to comply with the request, if it is unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity to exercise any of your rights, including those related to data protection). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Complaints
If you would like to make a complaint regarding this Privacy Notice or our practices in relation to your Personal Data, please contact us at:
DPO@wagestream.co.uk
or using our contact details above addressed “For the attention of: DPO”.
We aim to respond within one business day to all complaints and resolve them within the shortest time possible. Under the regulatory framework we are required to send a final response within 15 business days. If you submit a complaint, we both must first attempt to resolve the issue directly between us. However, if you feel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved, please note that the UK GDPR gives you the right to contact our lead supervisory data protection supervisory authority, which for the UK is the ICO (
www.ico.org.uk
).
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the ICO, the UK regulator for data protection issues, (
www.ico.org.uk
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Where we are a Processor
Where we are a Processor of your Personal Data we will operate under the terms of a Data Protection Agreement with the relevant Controller.
This is generally when we receive information from your employer for enrolment and awareness campaign purposes.
How your employer (or another Controller in respect of whom we are a Processor of your Personal Data) processes your Personal Data, including through us, will be set out in their Privacy Notice.
This privacy notice is version
Privacy Notice: 2025_1
and was last updated on 5th February 2025.
We will post any changes to this Privacy Notice on this page.
About Us
Our Mission
Press
Careers
Environment, Social and Governance Policy
Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Trust Centre
Solutions
Budgeting
Flexible pay
Coaching
Integrations
Workplace Savings
Workplace Loans
Contact
App download
Raising a Complaint
Wagestream Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales (number 11173225) at 7-9 Rathbone Street, London, W1T 1LY; registered with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) (FRN: 902046) as an EMD Agent of Electronic Money Institutions authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority: PayrNet Limited (FRN: 900594) and Modulr FS Limited (FRN 900573); acts as a PSD agent (FRN: 995651) of Bud Financial Limited (FRN: 793327), a Payment Institution authorised by the FCA, for Account Information Services. Registered with the ICO (reference ZA421647).
Where your funds are held by Modulr, (as indicated in the App) please see
Modulr
for further Modulr details.
Wagestream Finance Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales (No. 12227891) at 7-9 Rathbone Street W1T 1LY, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority for consumer lending (FRN: 915914) and for the provision of payment services (FRN: 916866) under the Payment Services Regulations 2017.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Terms of Use
Site map
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://onfido.com/privacy/:
English
Español
Italiano
Français
Take a tour
Blog
Support
Sign in
Table of Contents
Onfido Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policies
1. This Privacy Policy
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
3. Using Information As Controller
4. Data Sharing
5. Information Security
6. Data Storage
7. Your Rights
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
Table of Contents
Onfido Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policies
1. This Privacy Policy
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
3. Using Information As Controller
4. Data Sharing
5. Information Security
6. Data Storage
7. Your Rights
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
Our Privacy Policies
This Privacy Policy explains how Onfido, an Entrust company, (“we”, “us”, “our”) uses personal information about our clients’ users, and others, to provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients. Users located in the US should also refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
which takes priority over the information below to the extent there is any inconsistency or ambiguity.
If you are looking for details of the personal information we collect in other circumstances, please see the relevant policy listed below:
Our
Website and B2B Privacy Policy
explains how we collect, use, and otherwise process personal information of people who visit our websites or otherwise interact with Onfido in a business to business capacity.
Our
Cookie and SDK Policy
contains information about the cookies we use, why we use them, and your privacy choices regarding cookies.
If you are a candidate applying for a role at Onfido, please see the Candidate Privacy Policy displayed in our Application Portal.
Please note that if you are a resident of California, Onfido’s California Privacy Notice does not apply to our use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy because when we use information to provide our Identity Services, we use this information as a service provider on behalf of a client. The client, as the business, may have additional obligations under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, and we suggest you review their privacy policy for further details.
1. This Privacy Policy
At Onfido, we’re simplifying digital identity for everyone. We help our clients to verify their users so they can access their services quickly, easily and - most important of all - securely. When we verify an identity, carry out checks related to an identity, or provide user authentication services (our “
Identity Services
”), we’re committed to protecting the privacy and security of that identity.
When we process your personal information so we can provide Identity Services to a client, we are acting on the client’s behalf as their service provider and processor. The section below headed “
The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
” explains what we do with this information, but if you are a user of an Onfido client you should review the client’s privacy policy for full information about how your personal information is collected and used.
As well as handling your personal information on behalf of a client in order to provide Identity Services to them, we may also handle your personal information on our own behalf as a controller. For example, we may use the personal information that we collect when providing our Identity Services, and personal information that is publicly available, to develop and improve our Identity Services. For information about how we use personal information as a controller, please see the section of this Privacy Policy headed “
Using Information As Controller
.”
We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes, we will publish those changes before they come into effect and notify our clients so they can consider whether to update their own policies and notify their users.
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
To provide our Identity Services to a client, we collect certain personal information about the client’s users.
Our
clients
are organizations that have asked Onfido to verify someone’s identity, or to carry out checks related to their identity.
Our clients’
users
are the individuals whose identities a client has asked us to verify or otherwise check.
We may collect personal information about a user from the client, from the user, or from third party data providers (“Data Providers”). Data Providers are trusted third party service providers or public authorities who provide additional information depending on the Identity Service a client has chosen to use.
The following paragraphs provide details of the personal information we collect on behalf of a client depending on which of our Identity Services the client chooses to use. If you are in the EEA or UK, our client is responsible for identifying a legal basis which permits your personal information to be used for the purposes described below; you should review their privacy policy for further details.
Document Checks
Onfido’s
document checks
verify identity documents from across the globe by analyzing an image or video of the document. Our system extracts information from the image/video or, if possible, from the security chip embedded in the document. Our models analyze the authenticity of the document, which may include machine-readable zones, barcodes, QR codes, and security chips, to verify whether the document is genuine or shows signs of tampering. We will also compare the image or video of the identity document with information about compromised identities that have been leaked or otherwise made publicly available.
Information collected: personal information extracted from a user’s identity document, for example name, document number, date of birth, nationality, type of document, issuing country, expiration date, information embedded in barcodes, QR codes, security chips and features (which will vary depending on the type of document), and the image metadata associated with the image or video of the document.
Important: If you are a user living in the Netherlands, please be advised that Onfido may automatically mask your
BSN number
on your identity document in our back-end systems when required under Dutch law, and particularly the Dutch Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Act.
Biometric Checks and Authentication
When providing
biometric checks
as part of our Identity Services, we’ll ask for an image or video (including an audio recording) of a user’s face (a “
Selfie
”), as well as an image or video to use as a reference image (for example, an image of their identity document). We generate two scans of the user’s face (one from the Selfie, and one from the reference image) and we compare those two scans to assess whether the person in the Selfie is likely to be the same person pictured in the reference image. Additionally, as part of our Identity Services, we will also evaluate the authenticity of the images and videos (including audio recordings) and identity documents, including detecting whether there is a genuine human or physical document in your photos/videos, and identifying signs of tampering, coercion or social engineering.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy under the section below headed “Fraud checks, including device integrity and fraud signals”, when performing biometric checks we do not store the extracted face scans once the check is complete. Where a client has asked us to provide an authentication service, the client may ask Onfido to store a reference image chosen by the client for each relevant user. (This image is retained in accordance with retention periods set by the client and subject to any maximum retention periods specified by Onfido or in applicable laws.) When Onfido is asked to authenticate a user, we will generate two face scans - one using a new image of the user and one using the reference image we have stored. If the two images match, the authentication is confirmed. Clients who wish to use an authentication service without the need for Onfido to store a reference image can choose to store an encrypted version of the face scan relating to a reference image themselves (including on the user’s device). When Onfido is asked to authenticate a user, we will be given access to the stored face scan and we will compare it to a new face scan that we generate using a new image of the user. If the two images match, the authentication is confirmed.
Information collected: images or videos (including audio recordings) of a user and/or of their identity document, metadata extracted from those images or videos, and data extracted from those images or videos that may be construed as a scan of face geometry or a voiceprint and which may be considered to be biometric identifiers or biometric information by applicable US biometric privacy laws. Users located in the US should refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
for details.
Data Verification
Onfido provides clients with
data verification
checks via a network of trusted Data Providers (defined above) and our own internal checks. These checks enable clients to verify their users, detect fraud and comply with anti money laundering (AML) and Know Your Client (KYC) requirements. We conduct these checks by comparing personal information provided by the client or the user with information held by Data Providers or information extracted from documents, e.g. a utility bill for
proof of address
checks. Our global network of data verification services varies depending on a user's location and includes voter and driving license registers and other government databases, police databases, consumer credit agencies, sanctions and Politically Exposed Persons (PEP) lists, adverse media sources, utility companies, mobile network providers and other trusted commercial sources. At the request of a client, these services may be provided on an ongoing basis, for example where a client’s regulatory obligations require ongoing monitoring against sanction and PEP lists.
Information collected: the information collected will vary depending on the availability of checks in the user’s location and the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients. It may include contact details such as postal address, email address, telephone number, social security number or other national identity number, information extracted from a utility bill a user uploads or other information provided by the Data Provider e.g. a user’s mobile network operator, publicly available information from media searches, sanctions and PEP lists.
Fraud checks, including device integrity and fraud signals
Onfido leverages a number of different
fraud detection
capabilities. Some of these depend on the scope of the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients, whereas other fraud checks are applied across all of the above services. For example, Onfido will analyze the metadata associated with the user’s Selfie and the image or video of their identity document (to identify whether any editing software can be detected) to assess the likelihood that the user is genuine.
Onfido can also help clients to determine whether a device, email address or phone number has previously been used in relation to suspected fraudulent activity, shows unusual usage patterns, has been manipulated or otherwise indicates that the user may not be genuine. At a client’s request, Onfido and our Data Providers may collect ‘passive signals’ from the client (for example mobile number or email address) or a user’s device as they engage with the client’s website or app or Onfido’s Identity Services. Such information may include device identifiers, IP address, information about the device (for example the operating system used, whether the device is providing false randomized device and network information or has otherwise been compromised) and how the user interacts with it. Together this information helps Onfido and our Data Providers assess the likelihood of you being a genuine user, assign a risk score and infer certain information such as your broad geographical location from your IP address.
At a client’s request, we can also check whether we have previously verified a user on behalf of that client by comparing the information submitted as part of a new Document Check and/or Biometric Check, to information we have previously verified for that client. (More specifically, at a client’s request we will retain information (including face scans depending on the service the client has chosen to use) extracted from a user’s identity document or Selfie, and compare this retained information to the newly submitted information. As explained further below, clients determine how long we retain the extracted information). This helps our client not only verify users’ identities but further protects them and their users from fraud by helping clients understand when a user may be generating multiple identities, editing and tampering with documents or manipulating device or network information.
Information collected: the information collected will vary depending on the availability of checks in the user’s location and the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients. It may include: the information listed in the Document Check and/or Biometric Check sections above; data extracted from images or videos of identity documents that may be construed as a scan of face geometry and which may be considered to be biometric identifiers or biometric information by applicable US biometric privacy laws (users located in the US should refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
for details); mobile number, email address, IP address, device details including device identifiers and other information about the user’s device and how they are interacting with our Identity Services (for example we may collect information about the upload time, which version of our software was used, the camera name and model used to capture any images and whether there are any indicators that the device has been tampered with or emulated). We may also analyze how the user is interacting with their device to assess the likelihood of of the user being a genuine user and who they say they are, for example
fraudsters
will cut and paste large volumes of information from their clipboard, use this functionality multiple times and otherwise navigate between applications on their device very differently from a genuine user. Onfido and our Data Providers may also use such information to infer other information about the user, for example their broad geographical location from their IP address, or to calculate an identity risk score to assist clients in determining whether the user is a genuine user.
Onfido Reports and Automated Decision Making
Once we have verified an identity or run a check, we share the results with the client in a report (“
Onfido Report
”). Below, we have provided a graphical representation of an Onfido Report:
Each Onfido Report contains an overall result of ‘Clear’ or ‘Consider’:
If we’re able to verify the identity of a user, and the requested checks do not show signs of fraud or other anomalies, we notify the client that the checks are Clear.
If we’re unable to verify the identity of a user, or the user isn’t able to pass all requested checks or the checks show signs of fraud or other anomalies, we return a Consider result.
If we return a Consider result, we will also provide a detailed breakdown of the reasons why. (The reasons are generated from the different machine learning models and/or human powered processes that are used to verify an identity or perform a check.)
Onfido Reports contain recommendations only and the reasons behind them. It is then for the client to decide how to proceed with a user - based on the content of the Onfido Report, but also on the basis of other information available to them (including additional information they may have or decide to request from their users).
By providing our clients with these detailed Onfido Reports, our aim is to empower our clients to make informed decisions about their users and to provide help to users that are having difficulty in passing an Onfido check.
3. Using Information As Controller
As explained above, when we use personal information to provide Identity Services to our clients, we are acting on their behalf as their service provider and processor. However, we also process the personal information of users, and others, on our own behalf (as a “controller”) for the purposes described in this section. If you are in the EEA or UK, we will only use your personal information for a particular purpose where we have a “legal basis” for this. We have set out below the legal bases we rely upon for each purpose.
To develop and improve our Identity Services (including machine learning technologies)
At Onfido, our vision is to simplify digital identity. To do this, provided we have the permission of our clients and it is not prohibited by applicable law, we use the personal information we collect about our clients’ users (as described above) to improve and develop our Identity Services. For the same purpose, we may also use personal information that has been made publicly available or that we have obtained from a third party provided this is not prohibited by applicable law.
Developing and improving our Identity Services includes building and improving our technology (such as our machine learning technologies and algorithms) and developing and testing new checks, products and services to better verify a user’s identity and/or detect fraud. For example, we may need to train our models to recognise a novel fraud attack, a new version of an ID document or to minimize bias and improve performance. As part of this work, we train our technology to recognize specific patterns in information and make predictions about new sets of information based on those patterns. This is known as machine learning. We also train our human analysts to perform those tasks so they can assist when our machine learning models aren’t best suited for the task or are still learning. Sometimes, we’ll also re-run and re-submit checks to ensure our Identity Services are working properly, particularly when testing a new feature or service for quality checks. Together, these developments help make Onfido’s Identity Services stronger and safer for all clients and users.
We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for the legitimate interest of our clients and Onfido. Financial crime, fraud, and corruption are serious issues that affect not only the law enforcement community but financial institutions, the private sector, and other major corporations – as well as individuals themselves. As such, Onfido considers there is a clear legitimate interest in improving and developing our Identity Services for the purpose of continuing to effectively tackle and reduce fraud.
Where we use sensitive personal information for these purposes (for example, information which could potentially reveal information about someone’s racial or ethnic origin), we primarily process this information on the basis that it is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest. Such public interests include ensuring equality of treatment across all types of users by measuring and mitigating algorithmic bias with a view to providing fair and inclusive Identity Services, which effectively detect fraud, and are balanced against the rights and freedoms of users. When developing our services, Onfido implements specific measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms of those individuals whose data is used for this purpose, including pseudonymisation (where possible), impact assessments and strict security controls to safeguard their fundamental rights and their interests.
To compile statistics, benchmarking and analytics
We use personal information (such as check results, identity document type, and device metadata) to create statistics regarding the use and performance of our Identity Services. We provide these statistics to our clients so that they and we may use them to, for example, conduct benchmarking and analytics (for example, to compare a client’s missed fraud rates to the general missed fraud rate for an industry, or to analyze fraud trends). We also use these statistics to gain market insights (for example, to enhance understanding of missed fraud trends and identify fraud patterns) and to inform our decision making on product improvements. An individual cannot be identified from these statistics and where possible, we pseudonymise, aggregate and/or de-identify (and where feasible anonymise) personal information which is used for these purposes.
We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for Onfido’s and our clients’ legitimate interests in understanding (at the aggregate level) how people are using our Identity Services.
For compliance with applicable law/regulation, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or claims, or to protect someone’s vital interests
Onfido may process the personal information we collect about our clients’ users (as described above) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or claims, or to protect someone’s vital interests. For example, we may be required by law to:
disclose information in response to a request from a government or law enforcement body as described in the section below headed “
Government and Law Enforcement Requests
”;
collect a user’s broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), either directly from them or the client or by approximating this based on the user’s device’s IP address, to enable Onfido and our clients to comply with global sanctions requirements and the increasing number of biometric and privacy laws that apply to our Identity Services. We use this broad geographic location to determine a user’s location to display the relevant consent screen and collect any necessary biometric consents or identify if a user is located in a sanctioned country where we are prohibited by law from providing services.
In connection with a business transaction or to obtain professional advice
Onfido may need to process your personal information in connection with an actual or proposed divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding, or to obtain professional advice. We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for Onfido’s legitimate interest in running its business in a commercial and compliant manner.
4. Data Sharing
In addition to sharing personal information with clients and Data Providers (as described above), Onfido also shares personal information:
With third parties who help us provide our Identity Services and perform tasks on our behalf. This includes: information technology and related infrastructure providers (who provide us with a place to store your personal information); data analytics providers (who help us to analyze trends and provide market insights); and our business process outsourcing partners (whose staff perform human review and quality checks);
With other companies in the Onfido group of companies who help us to provide our services (for example, by providing ancillary engineering, technical or customer support);
With an actual or potential buyer, investor or partner (and its agents and advisers) in relation to a business transaction;
With parties that provide Onfido with professional (e.g. advisory and auditing) advice and services;
With a competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, or court;
With any other person where instructed to do so by a client. For example, if a client has configured the Identity Services to check whether an identity document has been previously identified as lost, stolen, fraudulent, or otherwise compromised by a government or other external party, Onfido may share that compromised identity document on behalf of that client, and the government or other external party may retain a copy to the extent they consider it necessary, proportionate, and lawful. Under the instruction of clients and as permitted by applicable law, Onfido currently shares identity documents with the
UK Metropolitan Police
as part of their
Amberhill Database
for such purposes; and
To any other person where we have a legitimate legal reason for doing so.
Whenever legally possible, we seek to protect the personal information we share by imposing contractual privacy and security safeguards on the recipient of that information. In some cases, however, it’s not possible for us to do so — for example, when we have a legal obligation to disclose information to a government authority and that government authority is not willing to enter into such contractual safeguards.
If the sharing of personal information involves cross border international transfers of data, we make such transfers in accordance with relevant privacy law requirements. For example, if personal information that is processed subject to the GDPR is transferred outside of the EEA/UK to a country that the
European Commission does not consider provides an adequate level of protection for your personal information
, we will require the receiving party to enter into the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses (and/or their UK and Switzerland equivalents). You can request a copy of these clauses by contacting us using the details in the section below headed “
Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
.”
5. Information Security
Where possible, we pseudonymize, de-identify and/or aggregate personal information to protect privacy and minimize security risks. Pseudonymized data is where we replace, transform or remove information so that it no longer identifies an individual without additional information. Onfido also takes appropriate administrative, physical, technical and organizational measures designed to help protect the information it holds from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For more information about information security at Onfido, please visit the
Guide to Security at Onfido
.
If you think you have identified a security vulnerability or bug in our Identity Services, please report it to the Onfido security team at
security@onfido.com
and as described in the
Onfido Responsible Security Bug Disclosure Policy
.
6. Data Storage
We provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients for a variety of different reasons. Those reasons are identified by our clients, and we rely on them to tell us when they no longer need us to store the personal information we’ve collected on their behalf, subject to maximum retention periods imposed by applicable laws or defined by Data Providers or by Onfido.
Where we use personal information that has been made publicly available or that we have obtained from a third party to develop and improve our Identity Services (including machine learning technologies), we retain the information for as long as is necessary to complete the purpose for which the information was collected, subject to applicable laws and any retention periods.
Where we have a legitimate legal reason, we may store personal information for longer than described above – for example, where we are under a binding legal order not to destroy information.
7. Your Rights
Depending on where you live and subject to applicable privacy law, you may have the following rights in respect of the personal information we process about you as described in this Privacy Policy:
the right to request access to and disclosure of information that we hold.
the right to change and/or correct inaccurate information.
the right to block or suppress our processing of your information. This enables you to request that Onfido suspends the processing of your information in certain circumstances.
the right to object to our processing of your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and you feel such processing impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
the right to request that we delete your information, subject to certain exceptions.
the right to request portability of your information. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, with your information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
the right to withdraw your consent, if applicable. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or regulator.
If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to how we use your personal information as described under the section headed "The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients”, please contact the client so they may respond to your request directly. (If you contact us instead of our client, we will notify the relevant client so they may fulfill your request.)
If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to how we use your personal information as described under the section headed “Using Information As Controller”, please contact us at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
or at the postal address below. If you exercise any of your data protection rights detailed in this section, we will not discriminate against you.
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
If you are a government or law enforcement body that wishes to request personal or confidential information related to a check that we may have conducted on a particular user, please contact the client on whose behalf the check was carried out. Since we provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients, we are not able to disclose any information related to a specific check unless the relevant client directs us to do so, or we are subject to a legal requirement (such as a court order or statutory power mandating disclosure) to do so. If you wish to request the disclosure of information in respect of which there is such a legal requirement, please contact us at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
providing clear details of the legal requirement in your message.
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
If you would like more information about how Onfido collects and uses personal information, please contact Onfido at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
, or at: Attention: Privacy Office, Onfido Ltd, 14-18 Finsbury Square, 3rd Floor, London, EC2A 1AH, United Kingdom.
If you would like to raise a concern or otherwise communicate with our Data Protection Officer, you may contact them at
onfido@hewardmills.com
or at: Attention: Onfido Data Protection Officer, Heward Mills, 77 Farringdon Road, London, EC1M 3JU, United Kingdom.
We care about your privacy! This website uses cookies to improve your experience, tailor content to your preferences, and analyze performance and traffic on our website. We share information about use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Cookie Policy
Settings
Accept
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our website by our third party advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and to better reach you with personalised ads and content, both on our own website and third-party websites, apps, and other online services (“Services”). Advertising cookies enable the third party ad companies to track your visits to the Services, to better understand your preferences and interests in order to provide you more relevant ads on behalf of us and other companies. If you do not allow Targeting Cookies, you will still see ads online but they may be less relevant to you.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label