Privacy Policy
In one sentence: We do not want your data, our apps not collect anything!
This Privacy Policy describes how developer
πcoviny
represented by Patrik Prepsl (hereinafter referred to as "ΠCOVINY" or "We") not-collects, not-processes, not-shares any of your personal information (hereinafter referred to as "DATA") when you download and use
Music Match, Mathicon
and
Flappy Dots
apps (hereinafter referred to as "APP").
1) Links to External Content Resources
Our Services may contain some services or links that may direct you to other websites, services or external content resources which are outside of our control. We are not responsible for such direction and the privacy of any Personal Data which you provide on other websites.
2) Cookies and other Technologies
The Services may interact with the Company’s website and the cookies or other technologies implemented in the website.These technologies help us to understand user behaviours, how and when the Services are used, and which Service is the most popular. Whenever we use cookies, your Personal Data will be fully pseudonymized. With the exception of strictly necessary cookies, you will have the right to opt out of the cookies and other technologies. To do so, you will need to manage your preferences in your web browser or directly on the www.picoviny.net website. Please note that our Services and Software are designed to work with cookies and other technologies, and disabling them may affect your usage of our Services or Software. We do not exchange cookies with any third party, except with third parties working with us to provide our Services to you as listed above.
3) Changes to this Privacy Policy
The ΠCOVINY may change and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The ΠCOVINY will notify you of any material changes or additions to this Privacy Policy via APP or www.picoviny.net website.
Date of Issue: 1 January 2016
go back
Cookie Use
We use cookies to ensure a smooth browsing experience.  By continuing we assume you accept the use of cookies.
Accept
Learn More