Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The terms in this Privacy Policy govern the manner in which we collects and uses any information you (Users) provide in connection with any our Game or Application (Hereinafter, "Services"). This Privacy Policy applies to all Services offered by Biceps. By using our Services, Users agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Biceps may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time; therefore, Users are encouraged to consult the Privacy Policy regularly.
Personal identification information
When you install our games and apps, we may collect and record information to enhance the experience and benefits of using our Services. We will collect personal public information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us through our Services. Users can always refuse to supply personal information. In said case, Users should avoid using social network features such as Sharing and Friend invite requests.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Services. Said information includes —but is not limited to— device type, brand and model, Android OS version, unique device identifiers, location and country.
Information Usage
We may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information Users provide helps us respond to comments, support needs, and customer service requests more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Services. In addition, the personal information Users provide will allow us to send them messages regarding, among other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and other events of their interest. Users may also later opt out of these communications by sending us an email or simply just by uninstalling our Services.
Permissions that may use sensitive information
The following is a detailed list of permissions —and the way in which we implement them— that we use and that may use sensitive information:
ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE to check whether the user is connected to internet.
INTERNET to load and serve ads.
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE to cache video ads in the device memory.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. The sole exception to this is personal information that is required by law enforcement authorities or similar organizations in case of a criminal investigation, prevention of fraud or criminal activities, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other illegal activities that may expose users or us to legal liability.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
We may allow other third parties companies to serve advertisements in our Services, provide analytics services or other services for the Users experience. These companies may use cookies, web beacons, Users account information (that Users set up with these companies) and other techniques to collect information about you on our Services, other online services, like IP addresses, identifiers of your mobile device, conversion information, browsers usage and pages you have visited. This information may be used to deliver advertising and content according the Users interests, better understand of the Services usage from the Users and analyzing and tracking data. These third party companies may also share this information with their customers and clients. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.
Acceptance of the terms
By using our Games and Apps, you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy, please do not use our Games and Apps. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.
CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Contacting us
For any questions about this Privacy Policy or any other issue please contact us at:
BicepsApps@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it