Information on data protection
Cookie Settings
Change Cookie settings
Contents
Section 1: General Information
General
Liable Party
Data Protection Officer
Your Rights
Objecting to or Revoking the use of your Data
Section 2: Use of Personal Data on our Website
Use of Personal Data when Using our Website for Informational Purposes
Use of Personal Data in Respect of Cookies
Further Features and Services of our Website
Contact
Newsletter
Registration
Single-Sign-on Services
Use of Paid Features
Data Transmission in Respect of Executing Contracts
Transmission of Payment Data to External Payment Service Providers
Google Analytics
Integration of YouTube Videos
Intergration of Braintree (PayPal)
Integration of Zoho Desk
Application of Google Adwords Conversion
Remarketing
Awin
A/B-Testing
Balancing of Interests
Opt-Out
Section 3: Use of Personal Data on our App
Collection of Personal data hen Using our Mobile app
General
(1) The term "personal data" means, with reference to the definition of Article 4 No. 1 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (hereinafter referred to as the "General Data Protection Regulation" or "GDPR" for short), all data that can be related to you personally. This includes, for example, name, address, email addresses, user behaviour. With regard to the other terms, in particular the terms "processing", "controller", "processor" and "consent", we refer to the legal data protection definitions of Article 4 of the GDPR.
(2) As a matter of principle, we only process personal data insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and the content and services offered by us. Personal data is regularly only processed if you have given us your consent within the meaning of Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a) GDPR or if the processing is permitted by statutory provisions, in particular by one of the legal bases specified in Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b) to lit. f) GDPR.
(3) We explain the purposes underlying the processing of personal data in the following sections for each of the data processing operations mentioned. If we process personal data for a purpose other than the purpose for which the personal data was originally collected, we will inform you of this again.
(4) Insofar as we make use of commissioned service providers or wish to use your data for advertising purposes, we will inform you in detail about the respective processes below.
(5) Please note that you are not legally obliged to provide personal data. However, in order to provide some of the functions of our website and the content and services we offer, we sometimes require your personal data. We will inform you about this in detail below. Please also note that if you do not provide us with required data, we may not be able to offer and/or provide you with some of the functions of our website and some of the content and services we offer. However, failure to provide voluntary information will not result in any disadvantages.
(6) In some cases, we use external service providers for the processing of personal data, which have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. These service providers are bound by our instructions and are regularly monitored by us. You will find more detailed information in the following sections.
(7) Your personal data will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose for storing it no longer applies. In addition, storage may take place if this has been provided for by national or European regulations to which we are subject; in these cases, the legal basis for further storage is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. c) GDPR in conjunction with the respective national or European regulation. In this case, the data will be blocked or deleted when the storage period prescribed by the respective regulations has expired. The latter does not apply if further storage of the data is necessary for the conclusion or fulfilment of a contract; in these cases, the legal basis for further storage is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
(8) Insofar as third parties to whom we transfer data have their registered office in a state outside the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA), we will inform you separately in the following sections. We only process data in third countries if there is an adequate level of data protection within the meaning of Articles 44 to 49 of the GDPR.
Liable party
The liable party that is pursuant to the definition of Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR, other data protection laws applicable in member states of the European Union and other regulations that form data protection law is:
Outdooractive AG
Missener Straße 18
87509 Immenstadt
GERMANY
Email: support@outdooractive.com
Outdooractive Aktiengesellschaft
Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Mathias Pauli
CEO: Hartmut Wimmer
Further details can be found in our legal disclosure.
Data Protection Officer:
You can reach and contact our data protection officer at the following address:
datalegis GmbH
Gero Wilke
Bismarckallee 10
79100 Freiburg im Breisgau
GERMANY
Telephone: +49 761 45892723
Email:
privacy@outdooractive.com
Your Rights
You have the following rights with regard to the personal data concerning you:
the right to information (Art. 15 GDPR),
the right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR),
the right to erasure ("right to be forgotten") (Art. 17 GDPR),
the right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR),
the right to object to processing (Art. 21(1) GDPR),
the right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR).
You also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about the processing of your personal data by us (Art. 77 GDPR).
Objecting to or Revoking the Use of your Personal Data
(1) You can withdraw your consent to the use of your data at any time. Revoking your consent influences the admissibility of the use of your personal data after we have received it.
(2) Insofar as we base the use of your data on a balance of interest, you may object to its use. In the event of any such objection, we ask you to clarify your reasons for not allowing us to use your data. We will examine the situation further in the event that this objection may be considered justifiable. We will then either no longer use your personal data, adjust any further use of this data, if necessary, or give compelling reasons worthy of protection as to why we continue to use your personal data
(3) You may, of course, object to the use of your personal data for the purposes of advertising and data analysis.
(4) Please send your revocation or objection to the contact details given in our legal disclosure above.
Section 2: Use of Personal Data on our Website
The following information covers the collection and use of personal data when using our website.
Use of Personal Data when Using our Website for Informational Purposes
(1) If you access our website without first registering or providing us with information in any other way ("informational use"), we only collect the personal data that your web browser transmits to our server. If you want to view our website, we collect the data listed below as a technical requirement for us to display our website to you and to ensure stability and security:
IP address
Date and time of the request
Time zone in relation to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
The request’s content (specific page)
Access status / http status code
Volume of data transferred each time
Website from which the request originated
Browser
Operating system and its interface
The language and version of the browser software
This data is also stored in so-called log files on our servers. These do not affect your IP address or other data assigned to you. This data is not stored together with any other personal data of yours.
(2) The collection and temporary storage of the IP address is necessary in order for our website to function on your device. For this, your IP address must be saved for the duration of your visit to our website. The storage of the above-mentioned data in log files serves to ensure functionality and to optimize our website whilst also safeguarding the security of our information technology systems. This data is not analyzed for marketing purposes. Our legitimate interest in using the data lies in the purposes stated above. The legal basis for the collection and temporary storage of the aforementioned data and the log files is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence. 1 section. f) GDPR.
(3) We process and / or store the data on servers of Hetzner Online GmbH, Industriestr. 25, 91710 Gunzenhausen, Germany and thus within the European Union. This ensures that the standards and regulations of European data protection laws are observed.
(4) The aforementioned data that is used for viewing our website will be deleted when the respective session has ended. The data in log files will be deleted after fourteen days at the latest. The collection of the above data for viewing our website is absolutely necessary for the operation of the website. There is no possibility to object to this.
Use of Personal Data in Respect of Cookies
(1) In addition to the above-mentioned data, we use technical aids for various functions when using our website, in particular cookies, which can be stored on your end device. Cookies are small text files that are stored on the storage medium of your end device, e.g. on a hard drive, and which provide us, as the body that sets the cookie, with certain information. Cookies cannot execute programmes or transmit viruses to your end device. When you call up our website and also at any time thereafter, you have the choice of whether you generally allow cookies to be set or which individual additional functions you would like to select. You can make changes in your browser settings or via our Consent Manager. This website uses the following types of cookies, the scope and functionality of which are explained below.
(a) Cookies that are stored associated with your web browser:
Transient cookies: these cookies are automatically deleted when you close your web browser. These include, in particular, session cookies. These store a so-called session ID, by means of which various requests from your web browser can be assigned to the common session. This makes it possible to recognise your terminal device when you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted as soon as you log out or close the web browser.
Persistent cookies: These cookies are automatically deleted after a predefined period of time, which may differ depending on the cookie. You can delete these cookies at any time in your web browser settings.
Other technologies: These functions are not based on cookies, but on similar technical mechanisms, such as Flash cookies, HTML5 objects or an analysis of your browser settings. Here too, you can consent or object.
(b) Cookies also store data and information such as multilingualism (language setting) and search terms entered (search function). Details can be found in our Consent Manager and on our website on cookies.
(2) The processing of personal data through the above cookies serves the following purposes:
(a) Technically necessary cookies: The technical structure of our website requires us to use techniques, in particular cookies. Without these, our website cannot be displayed or used completely and/or without errors. For example, some functions of our website require that your web browser can still be identified after a page change. In these cases, these are basically transient cookies that are deleted after the end of your website visit, at the latest when you close your browser. You cannot deselect these cookies if you wish to use our website. The individual cookies can be seen in our Consent Manager and on our website on cookies. As far as technically necessary cookies are concerned, our legitimate interest in data processing lies in the above purposes. The legal basis in these cases is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
(b) Optional cookies (with your consent): We set various cookies only after your consent, which you can select during your first visit to our website via the so-called cookie consent tool. The functions will only be activated in case of your consent. These cookies are used in particular to enable us to analyse visits to our website and thereby improve our website and/or individual functions as well as the user experience as a whole, e.g. also to make it easier for you to use our website via different browsers or terminal devices, to recognise you when you visit us again or to serve advertising (possibly also to tailor advertising to interests, to measure the effectiveness of advertisements or to show interest-oriented advertising).
The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Revocation of your consent is possible at any time without affecting the permissibility of the processing until revocation. The functions used by us, which you can display and revoke via the Consent Manager, as well as the cookies used, the data processed and the purposes of the processing are described in detail there and on our website on cookies.
(3) The above cookies are stored on your terminal device and transmitted from it to our server. You can therefore configure the processing of data and information by cookies yourself. You can make corresponding configurations in the settings of your web browser, through which you can, for example, reject third-party cookies or cookies altogether. In this context, we would like to point out that you may then not be able to use all the functions of our website properly. If you would like to prevent data from being processed by Flash cookies, you must make the appropriate settings in your Flash player or install an add-on, e.g. for the Google Chrome web browser the add-on "Adobe Flash Killer Cookie" or for the Firefox web browser the add-on "Better Privacy". If you want to prevent the use of HTML5 storage objects, you must use your web browser in private mode - if available. Alternatively, you can also make the appropriate settings in our Consent Manager. Regardless of this, we recommend a regular manual deletion of cookies as well as your browser history.
Further Functions and Services of our Website
(1) In addition to using our website purely for informational purposes, we offer various other fucntions and services that you may use if interested. For these purposes you will generally need to provide additional personal data which we will then use to render the respective service and to which the data use processes covered above apply.
(2) We collect web traffic data (e.g. page views, downloads and other actions) within the portal and the apps. For this purpose, we record, among other things, the content concerned, the time of the action as well as the user ID and/or a session ID, device ID, which enable us to track various actions taken within the platform across devices, even if users are not logged in.
(3) The user's location is transmitted during various actions (e.g. recording tracks, buddy beacon, but also during a proximity search and calling up the map) with the app. For logged-in users, these locations, including the user ID, device ID, timestamp and any other information, are also stored beyond the request. The collection of this data is necessary to enable personalised services (e.g. personalised recommendations and notices) and to obtain a more accurate picture of the impact of various measures on our platform (e.g. A/B tests). Furthermore, this data is used to provide B2B partners with an overview of the use of their region (e.g. through a heat map), but this is completely anonymised. By using our service, users consent to the aforementioned use of their data.
(4) For some personalised services and analyses, location and web traffic data are combined - also across devices (e.g. combination of recorded tracks in a specific region with the web traffic in the region)
(5) We use external service providers to an extent to handle your data. These have been carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions and are checked regularly.
(6) In cases where personal data is passed to third parties in the course of rendering the services that we offer in conjunction with partners, you can find more detailed information in the descriptions of these individual services given below.
(7) If these third parties are based in a country outside the European Economic Area, you can find more information on the implications of this in the descriptions of these individual services given below.
Contact
(1) If you contact us by email, the personal data you have provided to us in your email will be stored. The data will only be used to answer your questions. There is no transfer of the data to third parties.
(2) The processing of the above-mentioned personal data only serves to process your inquiries. Our legitimate interest in using this data lies in the purpose stated above. If you have given us your consent, the legal basis for the use of this data is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR. Additionally, in the specific event that the data is transmitted to us by sending an e-mail, the legal basis for the use of this data is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. f) GDPR. Insofar as your email serves to execute or carry out a contract, Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. b) GDPR represents an additional legal basis.
(3) The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. This is the case once we have processed your inquiries.
(4) You can withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data at any time. You can also object to the storage of your personal data at any point if you have contacted us by email.  In such cases, we would like to remind you that your request cannot be processed any further. Please send your revocation to the contact details given in our legal disclosure above.
Newsletter
(1) You can subscribe to our newsletter, which we use to inform you about current and interesting offers. The goods and services advertised are named in the declaration of consent.
(2) When you register for our newsletter, the so-called double opt-in procedure applies. This means that after you register, we will send you an email to the email address you provided in which we ask you to confirm that you would like the newsletter to be sent to you. If you do not confirm your registration within 24 hours, your information will be blocked and automatically deleted after one month. In addition, we will save your IP addresses and the times of any registration and confirmation. The purpose of the procedure is to validate your registration and, if necessary, to clarify any possible misuse of your personal data.
(3) The only information that is mandatory for sending the newsletter to you is your email address. The provision of any additional, separately marked data is voluntary and used to be able to address you personally. Once you have confirmed, we will save your email address for the purpose of sending the newsletter. The legal basis for doing this is Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. a) GDPR.
(4) You can withdraw your consent to receive of the newsletter and unsubscribe from it at any point. You can state your revocation by clicking on the link provided in every newsletter email, by emailing
service@outdooractive.com
with the subject "newsletter" or by sending your revocation to the contact details given in our legal disclosure above.
(5) We would like to inform you that we analyze your user behavior when sending the newsletter. To carry this out, the emails sent contain so-called web beacons or tracking pixels that represent one-pixel image files stored on our website. During the analysis, we link the data collected in the event of informational use (technical data and your IP address) and the web beacons with your email address and an individual ID. Links received in the newsletter also contain this ID. By obtaining the data in this way, we create a user profile to tailor the newsletter to your individual interests. We record when you read our newsletters, any links contained within them that you click on and by doing this we can infer your personal interests. We connect this data to your activities on our website. You can object to this tracking at any point by clicking on the link provided in every newsletter email or by stating your objection to us via the contact details given in our legal disclosure above.  The information is stored for as long as you have subscribed to the newsletter. After unsubscribing, we save the data in a completely statistical and anonymous format. Such tracking is not possible if you have deactivated the display of images by default in your email program. In such cases, we would like to remind you that the newsletter will not be displayed in full and you may not be able to use all functions. If you display the images manually, the above-mentioned tracking will take place.
Mailjet
(1) We would like to inform that we use the external provider "Mailjet" for sending newsletters. The provider is Mailjet SAS, 13-13 bis, Rue de l'Aubrac - 75012 Paris, France. Mailjet is a service with which the newsletter dispatch can be organised and analysed. The data you enter for the purpose of receiving newsletters (e.g. e-mail address) is stored on Mailjet's servers in the EU.Our newsletters sent with Mailjet enable us to analyse the behaviour of the newsletter recipients. Among other things, we can analyse how many recipients have opened the newsletter message and how often which link in the newsletter was clicked on. With the help of so-called conversion tracking, it can also be analysed whether a predefined action (e.g. purchase of a product on our website) has taken place after clicking on the link in the newsletter. For more information on data analysis by Mailjet newsletters, please visit: https://www.mailjet.de/funktion/tracking-tools/. Mailjet also enables us to subdivide the newsletter recipients on the basis of various categories ("segmentation"). In doing so, the newsletter recipients can be subdivided according to the data provided during registration. In this way, the newsletters can be better adapted to the respective target groups. Detailed information on the Mailjet functions can be found at the following link:
https://www.mailjet.com/features/
.
(2) Data processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). You can revoke this consent at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation. If you do not want any analysis by Mailjet, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a corresponding link in every newsletter message. Furthermore, you can also unsubscribe directly on the website. The data you provide us with for the purpose of receiving the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and will be deleted from our servers as well as from the servers of Mailjet after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Data stored by us for other purposes (e.g. e-mail addresses for the member area) remain unaffected by this.
(3) Information from the third-party provider: Mailjet SAS, 13-13 bis, Rue de l'Aubrac - 75012 Paris, France. For more details, please refer to the information on "Security and Data Protection" of Mailjet at
https://www.mailjet.com/security-privacy/
and the data protection provisions of Mailjet at
https://www.mailjet.com/privacy-policy/
.
Zoho Campaigns
(1) We would like to inform you that that we use the external provider "Zoho Campaigns" to distribute the newsletter. Further information on the purpose and the scope of data collection and its use by Zoho can be found in the privacy policy linked below. There you will also find further information on your rights and settings options to protect your privacy:
https://www.zoho.com/campaigns/terms.html
. For more information on Zoho Campaigns' privacy practices, please visit online at:
https://www.zoho.com/crm/gdpr/
. For information on Zoho Campaigns' safeguards, please refer to the following website linked below:
https://www.zoho.com/security.html
.
Registration
(1) In order to be able to use additional functions of our website, we provide the option to register by providing personal data. This data is entered in an input mask and is then transmitted to us and saved. The mandatory information requested during registration is marked accordingly and must be given in full to avoid the registration being rejected. Any additional information is voluntary. As part of the registration and login processes, the user's consent to the use of this data is obtained. The data will not be passed to third parties when using this registration process. In the case of registering or logging in via a single sign-on service provided by a third-party, information on the use of your personal data when using such a service can be found in the relevant section of this privacy policy.
(2) Registration is required to be able to access specific content and services on our website. We use the data that has been given for this purpose to render the products and services you have registered to use. In the event of any notable changes to our products, services, or offers, such as, for example, a change in scope or necessary technical amendments, we will inform you using the email address you provided when registering. The legal basis for use of the data in such cases is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR. Insofar as the registration serves to execute or carry out a contract, Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. b) GDPR represents an additional legal basis. Insofar as the use of the data is linked to our legitimate interests, Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. f) GDPR represents a further legal basis.
(3) You can withdraw your consent at any point. The legality of the use of the data that has already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation.
(4) The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. This is the case if the registration on our website is canceled or changed. You can cancel the registration at any point. You can also change the data stored about you at point. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.
Single-Sign-on Services
In addition to using the above-mentioned registration and signing in processes, we offer you the option of using the following single sign-on service (s) for registration or logging in:
Facebook Connect
(1) We use "Facebook Connect" on our website, a service of Meta Platforms, Inc, 1601 Willow Rd, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (hereinafter referred to as: "Facebook"). Facebook Connect facilitates registration and signing in to access the services of our website via the internet as opposed your using the registration or signing in forms of our website, meaning you can enter your Facebook login details to access our services. By using "Facebook Connect" your web browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Facebook server. To log in, you will be redirected to the Facebook page, where you log in using your user data. This will link your Facebook account to our service. After you have given your consent to Facebook, we will receive from Facebook as authentication of your having logged in, your email address and public profile details. Further information can be found on the following Facebook website: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-login/permissions/#reference-default. By consenting to this data transfer, the data itself will be entered in the fields required for registration.
In connection with the authentication process for registration or logging in, we will transmit the data collected in the event of informational use (technical data and your IP address) to Facebook. We do not pass on any other personal data to Facebook. We have no influence on the scope and further use of data collected by Facebook through the use of Facebook Connect. If you have a Facebook user account and are registered, Facebook can assign the visit to your user account. Even if you are not registered with Facebook or have not logged in, there is a possibility that Facebook will be aware of and save your IP address and possibly other identification features. Information on the type and scope of the data’s use, the purposes pursued by Facebook, your rights in this regard and the settings options for protecting your personal data can be found in Facebook's privacy policy:
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
(2) We use Facebook Connect to make the registration and logging in process easier and quicker for you. This also represents our legitimate interest in processing the above-mentioned data. If you have given us your consent, the legal basis for the use of the data is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR. Insofar as the use of the above-mentioned data serves to execute or carry out a contract, the legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. b) GDPR. In all other regards, the legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. f) GDPR.
(3) You can prevent Facebook from using the above-mentioned personal data by using our login and registration processes and not those of Facebook Connect. You can withdraw your consent at any point. The legality of the use of the data that has already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation.
(4) Third party information: Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Further information regarding the third-party provider’s privacy policy can be found on the following Facebook website:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
Sign in via Google
(1) We use "Sign in via Google" on our website, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Sign-In facilitates registration and login for services on the internet. Instead of using the registration or login forms on our website, you can enter your login details for Google and then use our services. By using "Sign in via Google", your web browser automatically establishes a direct connection with Google's server. To log in, you will be redirected to the Google page. There you can log in with your user data. This will link your user account with Google to our service.We have no influence on the scope and further use of data collected by Google through the use of Google Sign-In. If you have a user account with Google and are registered, Google can assign the visit to your user account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, there is a possibility that Google may obtain and store your IP address and possibly other identifiers. For information on the type and scope of data processing, the purposes pursued by Google, your rights in this regard and setting options for protecting your personal data, please refer to Google's privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
(2) We use Google Sign-In to make the registration and login process easier for you and to shorten it. This is also our legitimate interest in processing the above data. Insofar as you have given us your consent, the legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Insofar as the processing of the above data is carried out for the purpose of initiating a contractual relationship, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b) GDPR. Otherwise, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR.
(3) You can prevent Google from processing the above information by using our login and registration screens and not using Google Sign-In. You can revoke your consent at any time. The legality of the data processing already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
(4) Information from the third-party provider: Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. For more information on Google Sign-In and privacy settings, please refer to the privacy policy (
https://policies.google.com/privacy
) and terms of use (
https://policies.google.com/terms
) of Google Ireland Limited.
Sign-in via Apple
(1) We use "Sign-in via Apple" on our website, a service provided by Apple Inc, Invinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014. Apple Sign-in facilitates registration and sign-in for services on the Internet. Instead of using the registration or sign-in forms on our website, you can enter your login details for your Apple ID and then use our services. By using "Sign in via Apple", your web browser automatically establishes a direct connection with Apple's server. To log in, you will be redirected to the Apple site. There you can log in with your user data. This links your user account with Apple to our service.We have no influence on the scope and further use of data collected by Apple through the use of Apple Sign-In. If you have a user account with Apple and are registered, Apple can assign the visit to your user account. Even if you are not registered with Apple or have not logged in, there is a possibility that Apple may obtain and store your IP address and possibly other identifiers. For information on the type and scope of data processing, the purposes pursued by Apple, your rights in this regard and setting options for protecting your personal data, please refer to Apple's privacy policy:
https://www.apple.com/privacy/
.
(2) We use Apple Sign-In to facilitate and shorten the registration and login process. This is also our legitimate interest in processing the above data. Insofar as you have given us your consent, the legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Insofar as the processing of the above data is carried out to initiate a contractual relationship, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b) GDPR. Otherwise, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR.
(3) You can prevent Apple from processing the above information by using our login and registration screens and not using Apple Sign-In. You can revoke your consent at any time. The legality of the data processing already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
(4) Information from the third-party provider: Apple Inc., Invinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014. For more information on Apple Sign-In and privacy settings, please refer to Apple's privacy policy (
https://www.apple.com/privacy/
) and terms of use (
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html
).
Connections to third party services
When using it, we offer you the opportunity to link your user profile with other external services or applications. This means that the data collected by the respective service provider is transferred to us. To do this, however, you must actively establish the link and thereby consent to the data processing in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a) GDPR. The data we collect will not be transferred to the respective third party provider unless you have given your explicit consent.
These are the following services that can transmit the following data to us.
Adidas Running
(1) We use “Connect with Adidas Running” on our website, a service provided by Runtastic GmbH, FN 334397k, Pluskaufstrasse 7, 4061 Pasching, Austria (hereinafter referred to as: “Runtastic”). By using "Connect to Adidas Running", your web browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Runtastic server. To link the accounts, you will be redirected to the Runtastic website. There you can log in with your usage data. This will link your Runtastic user account to our service. We have no influence on the scope and further use of data that is collected through the use of Runtastic. If you have a user account with Runtastic and are registered, Runtastic can assign the visit to your user account. Even if you are not registered with Runtastic or have not logged in, there is the possibility that Runtastic will find out and save your IP address and possibly other identification features. The type and scope of data processing, the purposes pursued by Runtastic, your rights in this regard and setting options for the protection of your personal data can be found in Runtastic's data protection declaration:
https://www.runtastic.com/de/datenschutz.
(2) We use Runtastic to make it easier for you to exchange your training and activity data and to shorten it. This is also where our legitimate interest in processing the above data lies. Insofar as you have given us your consent, the legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Insofar as the above data is processed to initiate a contractual relationship, the legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. b) GDPR. Otherwise, the legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit.f) GDPR.
(3) You can prevent the above information from being processed by Runtastic by not using this option. You can revoke your consent at any time. The legality of the data processing that has already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation. (4) Information from the third party provider: Runtastic GmbH, FN 334397k, Pluskaufstraße 7, 4061 Pasching, Austria. Further information from the third-party provider on data protection can be found on the following website:
https://www.runtastic.com/de/datenschutz.
Garmin
(1) We use “Connect with Garmin” on our website, a service provided by Garmin Deutschland GmbH, Parkring 35, 85748 Garching, Germany (hereinafter referred to as: “Garmin”). By using "Connect to Garmin", your web browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Garmin server. You will be redirected to the Garmin website to link the accounts. There you can log in with your usage data. This will link your Garmin user account to our service. We have no influence on the scope and further use of data that is collected by Garmin through the use of Garmin Connect. If you have a Garmin user account and are registered, Garmin can assign the visit to your user account. Even if you are not registered with Garmin or have not logged in, there is a possibility that Garmin will find out and save your IP address and possibly other identification features. The type and scope of data processing, the purposes pursued by Garmin, your rights in this regard and setting options to protect your personal data can be found in Garmin's data protection declaration:
https://www.garmin.com/de-DE/privacy/.
(2) We use Garmin to make it easier for you to exchange your training or activity data and to shorten it. This is also where our legitimate interest in processing the above data lies. Insofar as you have given us your consent, the legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Insofar as the above data is processed to initiate a contractual relationship, the legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. b) GDPR. Otherwise, the legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit.f) GDPR.
(3) You can prevent Garmin from processing the above information by not using this option. You can revoke your consent at any time. The legality of the data processing that has already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation.
(4) Information from the third-party provider: Garmin Deutschland GmbH, Parkring 35, 85748 Garching, Germany. Further information from the third-party provider on data protection can be found on the following website:
https://www.garmin.com/de-DE/privacy/global/.
Strava
(1) We use “Connect with Strava” on our website, a service provided by Strava, Inc. 208 Utah Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (hereinafter referred to as: “Strava”). By using "Connect to Strava", your web browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Strava server. You will be redirected to the Strava website to link the accounts. There you can log in with your usage data. This will link your Strava user account to our service. We have no influence on the scope and further use of data that is collected by Strava through the use. If you have a Strava user account and are registered, Strava can assign the visit to your user account. Even if you are not registered with Strava or have not logged in, there is a possibility that Strava will find out and save your IP address and possibly other identification features. The type and scope of data processing, the purposes pursued by Strava, your rights in this regard and setting options to protect your personal data can be found in Strava's data protection declaration:
https://www.strava.com/legal/privacy
.
(2) We use Strava to make it easier for you to exchange your training or activity data and to shorten it. This is also where our legitimate interest in processing the above data lies. Insofar as you have given us your consent, the legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Insofar as the above data is processed to initiate a contractual relationship, the legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. b) GDPR. Otherwise, the legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit.f) GDPR.
(3) You can prevent Strava from processing the above information by not using this option. You can revoke your consent at any time. The legality of the data processing that has already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation.
(4) Information from the third-party provider: Strava, Inc. 208 Utah Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. Further information from the third-party provider on data protection can be found on the following website:
https://www.strava.com/legal/privacy
.
Suunto
(1) We use "Connect with Suunto" on our website, a service of Suunto, Tammiston kauppatie 7 A, FI-01510 Vantaa, Finland (hereinafter referred to as: "Suunto"). By using "Connect with Suunto", your web browser automatically establishes a direct connection with Suunto's server. To link the accounts, you will be redirected to the Suunto website. There you can log in with your user data. This links your user account with Suunto to our service.We have no influence on the scope and further use of data collected by Suunto. If you have a user account with Suunto and are registered, Suunto can assign the visit to your user account. Even if you are not registered with Suunto or have not logged in, there is a possibility that Suunto will obtain and store your IP address and possibly other identifiers. For information on the type and scope of data processing, the purposes pursued by Suunto, your rights in this regard and setting options for protecting your personal data, please refer to Suunto's privacy policy:
https://www.suunto.com/en-gb/Privacy-Policy/
.
(2) We use Suunto to facilitate and shorten the exchange of your training or activity data. This is also our legitimate interest in processing the above data. Insofar as you have given us your consent, the legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Insofar as the processing of the above data is carried out to initiate a contractual relationship, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b) GDPR. Otherwise, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR.
(3) You can prevent Suunto from processing the above information by not using this option. You can revoke your consent at any time. The legality of the data processing already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
(4) Third-party information: Suunto, Tammiston kauppatie 7 A, FI-01510 Vantaa, Finland. Further information from the third-party provider on data protection can be found on the following website:
https://www.suunto.com/en-gb/Privacy-Policy/
.
Wahoo
(1) We use "Connect with Wahoo" on our website, a service of Wahoo Fitness, LLC Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 90 West Wieuca Rd NE #110 Atlanta, Georgia 30342 USA (hereinafter referred to as: "Wahoo"). By using "Connect with Wahoo", your web browser automatically establishes a direct connection with Wahoo's server. To link the accounts, you will be redirected to the page of Wahoo. There you can log in with your user data. This links your user account with Wahoo to our service.We have no influence on the scope and further use of data collected through the use by Wahoo. If you have a user account with Wahoo and are registered, Wahoo can assign the visit to your user account. Even if you are not registered with Wahoo or have not logged in, there is a possibility that Suunto will learn and store your IP address and possibly other identifiers. For information on the type and scope of data processing, the purposes pursued by Wahoo, your rights in this regard and setting options for protecting your personal data, please refer to Wahoo's privacy policy:
https://uk.wahoofitness.com/privacy-policy
(2) We use Wahoo to facilitate and shorten the exchange of your training or activity data. This is also our legitimate interest in processing the above data. Insofar as you have given us your consent, the legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Insofar as the processing of the above data is carried out to initiate a contractual relationship, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b) GDPR. Otherwise, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR.
(3) You can prevent Wahoo from processing the above information by not using this option. You can revoke your consent at any time. The legality of the data processing already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
(4) Information of the third-party provider: Wahoo Fitness, LLC Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 90 West Wieuca Rd NE #110 Atlanta, Georgia 30342 USA. You can find more information about the data protection of the third party provider on the following website:
https://uk.wahoofitness.com/privacy-policy
A given consent can be revoked at any time by notification. You can also cancel the connection between your account and external services or applications at any time.
Use of Paid Features
(1) By having a customer account with us you have the ability to make use of paid features, specifically if you have a paid account. We use the data you provide to render the services of the paid features you have selected, enabling you to access and use them. In the event of any notable changes to our products, services, or offers, such as, for example, a change in scope or necessary technical amendments, we will inform you using the email address you provided when registering
(2) Insofar as the use of the above-mentioned data is based on your consent, the legal basis for the use of the data is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. a) GDPR. Insofar as the use serves to execute or carry out a contract, Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. b) GDPR represents an additional legal basis.
(3) You can withdraw your consent at any point. The legality of the use of the data that has already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation.
(4) The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. This is the case if you no longer use any of the paid features offered by us or if your customer account is canceled or changed. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected. We would like to remind you that we are obliged under statutory commercial and tax regulations (in particular Section 257 (4) of the Commercial Code (HGB) and Section 147 (3) of the Tax Code (AO)) to retain accounting records for 10 years and commercial or business letters 6 for years; therefore we must store, by law, any personal data contained therein for these periods.
Data Transmission in Respect of Executing Contracts
(1) We only transfer personal data to third parties if it is necessary for the purpose of executing and carrying out a contract. Any further transmission of the data does not take place and will not without your expressed consent. Your data will also not be passed to third parties for, for example, advertising purposes, without your expressed consent.
(2) If you have given us your consent, the legal basis for the use of the data is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR. In all other regards, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. b) GDPR.
(3) You can withdraw your consent at any point. The legality of the use of the data that has already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation.
Transmission of payment data to external payment service providers
(1) In order to process payments, we transmit the payment data provided by you to the payment service provider, specifically those named in our payment conditions.
(2) The transmission of the payment data and its use by the payment service provider takes place for the purpose of processing payments. The use of external payment service providers enables us to offer you a selection of different payment methods thus making payments more flexible for both you and us. This is also our legitimate interest. If you have given us your consent, the legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR. Insofar as the use serves to execute or carry out a contract the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. b) GDPR. In all other regards, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence 1 Subsection. f) GDPR.
(3) You can withdraw your consent at any point. You can also object to the use of your personal data at any time. In such cases, we would like to remind you that by not allowing the transmission of the payment data and / or its processing by the payment service provider, none or at least not all payment methods can be made available to you and that executing the contract may not be possible.
Google Analytics
(1) We use "Google Analytics" on our website, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, Barrow St, Dublin 4, Ireland (parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) (hereinafter referred to as: "Google"). Google uses cookies, which are small text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in Ireland. If anonymisation of the IP address to be transmitted by the cookie is activated on the website ("IP anonymisation"), your IP address will be truncated beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage on our behalf. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles can be created from the processed data. The IP address transmitted when using Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. We only use Google Analytics with the activated IP anonymisation described above. This means that your IP address is only processed by Google in a shortened form. This means that it is not possible to relate the data to a specific person. You can find more information about this on the Google website linked below:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/12017362?hl=de
.
(2) We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website and to continuously improve individual functions and offers as well as the user experience. Through the statistical evaluation of user behaviour, we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. This data processing only takes place if you have given us your prior consent. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
(3) You can prevent the storage of cookies generated by Google Analytics by making the appropriate settings in your web browser. We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of our website. If you wish to prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your user behaviour (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google, you can download and install the web browser plugin available at the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
.
(4) The data shall be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. Deletion of user and event level data linked to cookies, user identifiers (e.g. User ID) and advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID, IDFA [Apple identifier for advertisers]) will take place no later than 14 months after their collection.
(5) In order to oblige Google to process the transmitted data only in accordance with our instructions and to comply with the applicable data protection regulations, we have concluded an order processing agreement (Art. 28 GDPR) with Google.
(6) Even though Google Ireland Limited (see above for address) is responsible for all Google services in Europe, we would like to point out that it cannot be completely ruled out that Google Analytics may also process personal data outside the EU or the EEA, such as in the USA, through the parent company Google LLC (see above for address). Insofar as personal data is therefore transferred in individual cases to a third country for which there is currently no adequacy decision by the Commission, we have concluded a contract with Google incorporating the new EU standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission on 4 June 2021 within the meaning of Article 46 (2) (c) of the GDPR (further information can be found on the following EU websites: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en and https://ec.europa.eu/germany/news/20210604- datentransfers-eu_de) in order to ensure an adequate level of data protection for the processing of personal data in the third country.
We additionally obtain specifically informed consent in accordance with Art. 49 (1) a) GDPR before any transfer of personal data to a third country for which there is no adequacy decision by the Commission. Additional legal basis for the transfer to the third country is therefore also your consent pursuant to Art. 49 (1) a) GDPR. In the event of the transfer and processing of personal data in the USA, we would also like to point out that according to the legal opinion of the European Court of Justice (ruling of 16 July 2020, Case C-311/18 - Schrems II), there is currently no adequate level of protection for the transfer of data to the USA in view of the far-reaching access powers of US (intelligence) authorities. From a data protection perspective, the USA is a so-called unsafe third country for which there is currently no adequacy decision by the EU Commission. Please note that US authorities may have unrestricted access to your personal data based on US laws and regulations (e.g. FISA Section 702, Executive Order 12.333) and that you, as an EU citizen, may not have any legal remedies against this access. We have no control over the actions and access of US (intelligence) agencies. By giving your consent, you declare that you are aware of these risks and agree to them.
(7) Third-party information: Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, Barrow St, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Further information on data use by Google, on setting and objection options and on data protection can be found on the following Google web pages:
Terms of use for Google services:
https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=de
Privacy policy for Google services:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
Legal framework for data transfers:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks
Data use by Google when you use websites or apps on which Google services are used:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=de
Data use for advertising purposes:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=de
Google's personalised advertising settings:
http://www.google.de/settings/ads
Integration of YouTube Videos
(1) We have integrated YouTube videos as part of our online services, which are stored on
www.youtube.com
and can be played directly from our website. These videos have all been integrated in "extended data protection mode" meaning that no data about you as a user will be transmitted to YouTube if you do not play the videos. Only when you play the videos will the data specified in paragraph 2 below be transmitted. We have no influence over this transfer of data.
(2) When visiting the website, YouTube receives information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage. Furthermore, data collected in the case of informational use (technical data and your IP address) are transmitted. This occurs irrespective of whether or not YouTube has provided you with a user account that you are logged in to. When you are logged in to Google, your data will be linked directly to your account. If you do not wish your profile to be associated with YouTube, you must log out before activating the button. YouTube stores the data collected in respect of you as user profiles and uses these for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or the customization of its website's design. Such analysis is carried out in particular (including for users not logged in) in order to display targeted advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website.   You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles and must contact YouTube in order to exercise this right.
(3) The export to Youtube option is implemented as a Youtube Data API client application. Use of the API client is subject to the Youtube Terms of Service (ToS) (
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
) and the Google Privacy Policy (
https://policies.google.com/privacy
).
(4) For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by YouTube, please see the privacy policy. There you will also find further information on your rights and setting options to protect your privacy:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
. Google also processes your personal data in the USA.
The legal basis for the use of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR.
Integration of Braintree (PayPal)
(1) Our website gives you the opportunity to pay for our products and services through Braintree. Braintree is a service of PayPal. If you decide to make a purchase through Braintree, your personal data will be transmitted to Braintree / PayPal. If you use or open a Braintree / PayPal account, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and other data must be transmitted to PayPal. The legal basis for the transmission of this data is Article 6 (1) Subsection. a) GDPR and Article 6 (1) Subsection. b) GDPR.
(2) The operator of the payment service PayPal:
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.,22-24 Boulevard Royal,L-2449 Luxembourg
E-mail:
impressum@paypal.com
(3) Further information on the use of your data and the protection of your privacy can be found in the privacy statement of PayPal und Braintree available vide the following links:
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
and
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy
The legal basis for the use of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR.
Integration of Zoho Desk
(1) Email enquiries that reach us via support@outdooractive or service@outdooractive.com, or enquiries that are entered via the support form, are processed automatically using Zoho's "Desk" software. This enables us to direct the support quickly and purposefully into the right channels.
(2) In the process, the personal data you provide to us (e.g. name, e-mail address, your request, etc.) is processed; we do not pass on any data to Zoho. Depending on the content of your request, the data required to process this request may vary. The provision of further data is voluntary. We only use the data you provide for processing your specific enquiry. The data provided will be treated confidentially. This data is transmitted to Zoho Desk servers in Europe (Holland and Ireland) and thus within the European Union and processed there by Zoho on our behalf.
(3) Zoho Desk does not process your data if you use our website for information purposes only and do not contact us. The use of Zoho Desk is therefore optional.
(4) In order to oblige Zoho Desk to process the transmitted data only in accordance with our instructions and to comply with the applicable data protection regulations, we have concluded an order processing agreement with Zoho Desk.
(5) The aforementioned transmission and processing of data serves the purpose of being able to answer your enquiries quickly and efficiently. This is also our legitimate interest in the processing of the above data by the third-party provider. Insofar as you have given your consent, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) GDPR Insofar as the use of the content or function of Zoho Desk serves to initiate or execute a contract with us, Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b)  GDPR constitutes an additional legal basis for the processing. Otherwise, Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f) GDPR is the legal basis for the processing.You can revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time. You can also object to the storage of your personal data at any time. Please note that in this case you may not be able to use our website or individual functions of our website to their full extent.
(6) Subject to statutory retention obligations, stored data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. Information of the third party provider: ZOHO CORPORATION B. V., Beneluxlaan 4B, 3527 HT UTRECHT, The Netherlands.
https://www.zoho.eu/gdpr.html
For more information about Zoho Desk's privacy policy, data processing practices, settings to protect your personal data and your rights, please visit the following Zoho Desk web pages:
Privacy Policy:
https://www.zoho.com/de/privacy.html?lb=de
Information on the German Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
https://www.zoho.com/de/desk/gdpr.html
Security whitepaper:
https://www.zoho.com/de/security.html?lb=de
Cookie Policy:
https://www.zoho.com/de/privacy/cookie-policy.html
Terms of use:
https://www.zoho.com/de/terms.html
The legal basis is your consent, Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a) DSGVO.
Application of Google Adwords Conversion
(1) We use the services of Google Adwords to draw attention to our offers by help of advertising (so-called Google Adwords) on external websites. In respect of the data of these campaigns, we are able determine how successful our individual advertising methods will be.  We are keen to show you advertisements that are of interest to you, both to improve your experience of the website and to fairly calculate advertising costs.
(2) This advertising material is delivered by Google via so-called 'ad servers'. For this purpose we use Ad Server Cookies, which can be used to measure certain indicators of performance such as teasers or the number of clicks made by users. If you access our website through a Google advertisement, Google Adwords stores a cookie on your PC. These cookies are usually no longer valid after 30 days and are not intended to identify you personally. Generally the unique cookie ID, number of ad impressions per placement (Frequency), last impression (relevant for post-view conversions) and opt-out information (denoting that the user no longer wishes to be targeted) are usually stored as values for analysis in respect of this cookie.
(3) These cookies enable Google to recognize your internet browser. If a user visits certain pages of an Adwords customer's website and the cookie stored on their computer has not yet expired, Google and the customer may recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to that page. Each Adwords customer is assigned a different cookie. Therefore, Cookies cannot be tracked via the websites of Adwords customers. We ourselves do not collect and process any personal data in the advertising process already mentioned. We receive only statistical analysis provided by Google. Using this data, we can identify which types of advertising were particularly effective. We do not receive any further data from the use of the advertising and we cannot identify individual users on the basis of this information.
(4) Because of the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Google server. We have no influence over the extent and further use of the data collected by Google during the use of this tool and therefore inform you to the best of our knowledge that by integrating AdWords Conversion, Google receives the information that you have the clicked on the corresponding part of our website or clicked on an advertisement from us. If you are registered with a Google service, Google can assign each visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, it is possible that the provider will find and store your IP address.
(5) You can avoid participating in this tracking procedure by a number of means:
a) By setting your browser software accordingly. The suppression of third party cookies in particular will prevent you from receiving third party advertising.
b) By disabling conversion tracking cookies by setting your browser to block any cookies originating from '
www.googleadservices.com
',
https://www.google.de/settings/ads
. Deleting your cookies entirely will achieve this.
c) By deactivating the targeted adverts of providers who are participating in the self-regulated campaign, 'About Ads'. See more at link
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
This setting will be deleted once you delete all your cookies.
d) By permanently deactivating it in your browsers, e.g. Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome by following the link
http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
.
We would like to make you aware that carrying out these actions may make you unable to use all of the features of these services.
(6) Further information on Google's data protection can be found here: http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy and https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html. Alternatively, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website at http://www.networkadvertising.org.
The legal basis for the use of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR.
Remarketing
Besides Adwords Conversion, we would like to make you aware that we also use the application Google Remarketing. This application enables you to see our advertisements when you continue to use the Internet after visiting our website. This is done by means of cookies stored in your browser, which are used by Google to record and analyse your user behaviour when visiting various websites. As a result, Google can determine your previous visit to our website. According to its own statements, Google does not combine the data collected in the course of remarketing with your personal data, which may be stored by Google. According to Google itself, pseudonymization is particularly used in remarketing.
The legal basis for the use of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR.
AWIN
The data controller has integrated components from Awin on this website. Awin is a German affiliate network specializing in affiliate marketing. Affiliate marketing is an internet-based form of distribution that provides commercial operators of websites (the so-called merchants or advertisers) advertising on third-party websites, which is usually paid for through click or sale commissions made to other affiliates or publishers. Via the affiliate network, the merchant provides an advertising medium such as a banner or other suitable means of internet advertising, which is subsequently integrated by an affiliate on their own website or some other channel, such as, for example, keyword advertising or e-mail.
Awin's operating company is Awin AG, Eichhornstrasse 3, 10785 Berlin, Germany.
Awin places a cookie- which have already been defined above- on the information technology system of the data subject. The Awin tracking cookie does not store any personal data. Only the identification number of the affiliate, i.e. the partner who mediates with the potential customer, as well as the order number of the visitor to a website and the advertising material clicked on are saved. The purpose of storing this data is to process commission payments between a merchant and the affiliate, which are processed via the affiliate network, i.e.Awin.
The individual concerned can prevent the setting of cookies by our website, as has already been described above, at any time by means of configuring the settings of his or her web browser, thus permanently rejecting the setting of cookies. Configuring the internet browser as such would also prevent Awin from placing a cookie on the device of the individual concerned. Cookies already set by Awin can be deleted at any time within the internet browser or by using other software programs. Awin's privacy policy can be viewed (in German) using the following link:
http://www.Awin.com/de/ueber-Awin/datenschutz/
.
The legal basis for the use of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR.
A/B-Testing
(1) This website also carries out analyzes of user behavior via so-called A / B testing. We may show our websites using slightly different content, depending on the profile assigned. This enables us to analyze our services, make regularly improvements to them and make the website more interesting for you. The legal basis for A / B testing is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. f) GDPR.
(2) Cookies are stored on your computer for this evaluation. The individual responsible stores the information collected in this way only on their servers in Germany. You can prevent the evaluation by deleting existing cookies and preventing the storage of cookiesby configuring the settings of your web browser. Should you choose to prevent the storage of cookies, we would like to remind you that you may not be able to properly use all functions of our website
The legal basis for the use of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR.
Balancing of Interests
If the tracking software or plug-ins mentioned above are contrary to their own information and do not meet European data protection standards with regard to the lawful processing of art. 6 of the GDPR, the following balancing of interests is made as an alternative.
The use of data shall be lawful if it is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of the controller or a third party, unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, which require the protection of personal data, prevail. The legitimate interests include legal as well actual, economic or ideological ones.
The purpose of data use is to the find the website and analyze user behavior.
Tracking software and plug-ins are suitable in achieving this purpose.
Necessity is given because of the need to achieve purpose.
They are proportionate because they are reasonable for the user and do not jeopardize the adequate level of data protection.
Opt-Out
If the use of personal data by the tracking software or plug-ins mentioned is based on our overriding legitimate interests, you can object to the use of your personal data at any point. You can declare your objection by clicking on the link below. This will set an opt-out cookie to prevent the collection of data by the mentioned tracking software or plug-ins within this website in the future. This opt-out cookie prevents the collection of data only for the browser you are currently using and only for the domain of our website.
In addition, we would like to make you aware that you can prevent the installation of cookies at any time by deleting existing cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser. You can also prevent the installation of cookies for advertising and analysis purposes by providers by visiting  websites such as
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
,
https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
or
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/
to set an opt-out cookie. Should you choose to set an opt-out cookie, we would like to remind you that you may not be able to properly use all functions of our website.
Section 3: Use of Personal Data on our App
The following information is to inform you about the collection and use of personal data when using our mobile app, insofar as this extends beyond the information on data use listed in section 2:
Collection of personal data when using our mobile app
(1) When downloading the mobile app, the  required information is transferred to the app store, in particular the username, email address and customer number linked to the account, the time of download, payment information and individual device code. We have no influence on this data collection and are not responsible for it. We process the data only to the extent that is necessary to download the app to your mobile device.
(2) When using the app, we collect the personal data described below in order to facilitate convenient use of the functions. If you choose to use our app, we collect the following data, which is a technical requirement for us to offer you the features of our app and to ensure stability and security. The legal legal basis in this regards is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. f) GDPR
IP address
Date and time of the request
Time zone in relation to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
The request’s content (specific page)
Access status / http status code
Volume of data transferred each time
Website from which the request originated
Browser
Operating system and its interface
The language and version of the browser software
Geodata.
(3) We also require your device's identification, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) number, International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI), mobile number (MSISDN), Wireless LAN MAC address, the name of your mobile device and e-mail address. In the event that you are a 'Pro' customer, your bank details will also be collected.
(4) In addition to the data listed above, cookies are also saved when using our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive and assigned to your chosen browser through which certain information flows to the location that sets the cookie (in this case us). Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses to your computer. They serve to make the internet more user-friendly and effective.
This mobile app uses the following types of cookies, the scope and functionality of which are explained below:
Transient cookies are automatically deleted once you close the app, including session cookies in particular. They store a so-called session ID, which assigns various requests to your mobile app. This allows your mobile device be recognized when you use it next time. Session cookies are deleted once you log out or close the app.
Persistent Cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which differs depending on the cookie itself. You can configure the settings of your device's operating system and the app to suit your preferences and, for example, decline to accept third party or all cookies. We would like to make you aware that doing this may make you unable to use all of the features of the app.
(5) For advertising purposes we use a so-called 'Advertising Identifier' (IDFA). This is a unique but non-personalized and non-permanent identification number for a particular device provided by iOS. The data collected through the IDFA will not be linked to any other device-related information. The IDFA is used by us to provide you with personalized advertising and to evaluate your use. If you enable 'no ad tracking' in the iOS setting under 'Privacy'-'Advertising', we are only able to take the following actions: Measure your interaction with banners by counting the number of times a banner is displayed without being clicked on ('frequency capping') and evaluate the click- through rate, unique user detection, unique user detection, security measures, fraud prevention and troubleshooting. You can delete the IDFA ('reset Advertising ID') at any time in the device settings, creating then a new IDFA that is not merged with the previously collected data. We would like to make you aware that restricting the use of the IDFA may make you unable to use all of the features of the app.
(6) Collection of your location data
Our products include so-called Location Based Services, with which we offer specific services that are tailored to your location. You are only able to use these functions after agreeing via a pop-up that we can anonymously collect both your data using GPS and your IP address for the purposes of providing a service. You can permit or disable this function within the settings of the app or your operating system at any point by calling up the settings.
Your location will be regularly relayed to us following your confirmation, at which point we will only use your last recorded location and delete previous notifications relating to your location. When the location survey is active, your smartphone indicates that the data is being processed via a compass icon in the upper bar.
For the purposes of advertising, market research and/or the customization of design, we create user profiles using pseudonyms. These are not merged with other personal data. You can object to this by pressing the corresponding button in the app's settings. You are also welcome to write to us using info@outdooractive.com or the contact details given in our legal disclosure above.
(7) Use of your address book and photos
When you start using our mobile app, we will request your permission via a pop-up to use your address book, calendar, photos and reminders. This access is optional and required to use certain functions of the app. If you allow access, the mobile app will only access your personal data to the extent that it is only transferred to our server if this is necessary for respective functionalities as described below:
In the case of the address book, access is only required to provide an emergency call function. When using this function, a fictitious contact with an emergency number is created for emergencies. You can then make a call to this contact in an emergency. Personal data is only used on your device. These are not passed on to us or to third parties.
Access to photo storage is only necessary if you want to add photos online to your content. Photos are never processed automatically. You decide when and which photos you want to upload.
This access is granted on a voluntary basis based on the consent you have given. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence. 1 Subsection. a) GDPR. You can withdraw your consent at any time in the system settings of your mobile device. For the sake of completeness, we would like to remind you that you may not be able to use all functions of our app if you do not give or withdraw your consent.
We will treat your data confidentially and delete it if you revoke your consent to use it or if you are no longer need the provision of services and there are no statutory retention requirements that require further storage.
(8) Apple Health
You can choose to share your activity with Apple Health. Settings to control this are in the Health app. Data from Apple Health is displayed during your workout in the Apple Watch app. Your age, height, sex and weight are only used to make better estimates for calories burned when track recording using just iPhone. During tracking the covered distance can be transferred into Health. Data from Health is not used for marketing or promotional purposes. Outdooractive uses your Heart Rate to record your heart rate in tracks, and to display the current heart rate during the recording.
(9) Health Connect by Android
You can choose to share your activity with Health Connect. Settings to control/delete data are in the Health Connect app and also in the settings of the Android app. After track recording the covered distance,speed, elevation, and duration can be transferred into Health Connect. Data collected as part of Health Connect is not used for marketing or promotional purposes. The Android app doesn't read any data from Health Connect. User data is handled securely and appropriately in the app through user account password protection mechanism, thus preventing any unauthorized access/destruction/loss/alterations.
Updated February 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mailjet.com/security-privacy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailgun
Email on Acid
About
About
Careers
Help
Help
Documentation
Documentation
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Blog
Blog
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Log in
Log in
Contact Sales
Get Started
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Back to main menu
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Blog
Blog
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailgun
Email on Acid
About
About
Careers
Help
Help
Documentation
Documentation
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Log in
Log in
Contact Sales
Get Started
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Mailgun
Email on Acid
Careers
Mailjet’s security standards are actually very high. Strong measures protect customer data from unauthorized access. We are committed to following applicable laws that protect your privacy.
If you have any questions or requests regarding our Privacy Policy and Data Protection contact
privacy@mailjet.com
.
Your data is stored in our secure data centers with Google Cloud Platform in Frankfurt (Germany) and Saint-Ghislain (Belgium).
The full data is hosted on highly secured servers. Data is backed up daily and written to multiple disks instantly. We can perform a full backup recovery in case of unforeseen event and system-wide emergency.
Mailjet considers reliability as a first priority and the basis for high deliverability. We ensure that all emails are sent via queuing in case our servers encounter issues. Our hardware is also fully redundant so even if one disk or server fails nothing will be lost.
SSL and TLS are encryption protocols that ensures a fully secured communication for all data exchanged. These systems are widely used to ensure fully secured communications over the internet.
Your contact lists and personal data are confidential. Mailjet will never disclose it to third parties.
We highly value our customers data privacy and protection. Please have a look at our
Privacy Policy
for more information on how we manage, process and store your data submitted in the context of providing our services.
We are proud to announce our complete implementation of all GDPR’s rigid requirements. See our
press release
for more information and also our
compliance road map
on the steps we took over the 2017 year.
Yes. Our Data Protection Officer is: Darine Fayed, Head of Legal. She may be reached at:
privacy@mailjet.com
We have in place processes to ensure that we respect your right to erasure, rectification, data portability, information and to be forgotten or restriction.
Yes. We have a personal data registry that is maintained, pursuant to Article 30 of the GDPR. This lists out the type of personal data, where the personal data is stored, maintained and processed, any data flow, who the responsible party is, and the retention times.
Yes, we sure do. You can
check out our standard DPA here
.
deliv-team@mailjet.company
outbound-sales@mailjet.company
spamtrapmonitoring@mailjet.company
pop@mailjet.top
manu@mailjet.top
tonyparker@mailjet.top
Sub-policy 1
https://www.mailjet.com/privacy-policy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailgun
Email on Acid
About
About
Careers
Help
Help
Documentation
Documentation
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Blog
Blog
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Log in
Log in
Contact Sales
Get Started
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Back to main menu
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Blog
Blog
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailgun
Email on Acid
About
About
Careers
Help
Help
Documentation
Documentation
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Log in
Log in
Contact Sales
Get Started
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Mailgun
Email on Acid
Careers
Your privacy and security is of the utmost importance to us. We describe in this policy how we collect and use information about you in your use of our services, including our platform and the website. If you are one of our customers, you should read this policy in conjunction with our
Terms of Service
.
We are Sinch Email, a Sinch Group company, comprising of the brands Mailgun, Mailgun Optimize, Mailjet, and Email on Acid. The processing explained in this policy may be carried out by Sinch Email or other data controllers in the Sinch Group.
When collecting information about our customers or visitors of our website, we are, under European Union (“EU") data protection laws, qualified as “data controller". This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data about you.
We collect information about you when you fill in a sign up or contact form on our website or send us an email. We may also receive your personal data from third parties, when you express your interest for our services to them.
We collect information by automated means. When you visit our website, view one of our advertisements on a third party-owned website, or read our marketing newsletters, we automatically collect information about you via cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies. These are small files associated with information that your browser or our servers will save and return as part of your use of the website and the services for purposes such as saving your login session between visits, remembering your display preferences, tracking your use of the website, and for audience measurement purposes. For more information on our use of cookies, read
our cookies notice
.
We collect two types of information about you: personal data and non-personal data.
Personal data. This is information that lets us know who you are. This includes the information you provide us when registering to use the platform (i.e. your name, company name, email address, postal address, other contact information you share with us, associated domain name and credit card information). Your login credentials are also personal data. This category also includes information tied to your identity that you provide us through other means, such as emails to our support team.
In addition, and in the context of using our services, namely creating and sending emails, we have access to the information contained in the subject and content of the emails that you send out, as well as the email contacts you send to via our services.
The data you submit should not include any sensitive personal data, such as Government identifiers (i.e. social security, driving licence, or taxpayer identification numbers), complete credit card or complete personal bank card numbers, medical records or particulars connected with applications for care or treatment associated with private individuals.
Non-personal data. This is information that doesn’t let us determine your identity. This generally comes from your use of the services after registering on our website. Non-personal data includes information that could personally identify you in its original form, but that we have modified (for instance, by aggregation) any personal data.
If you are a visitor of our website, we use your personal and non-personal data to engage with you and support live chat conversations on the website.
When you are one of our customers, we use the information we collect about you to provide the services to you. As part of that purpose, we use your data:
Badge Check
to create and maintain your platform account (and subaccounts), and to control access to it;
Badge Check
to provide our services and facilitate performance, including verifications relating to you and for email verifications;
Badge Check
to provide you with real-time logs of your use of the platform;
Badge Check
to respond to any requests you may submit for support or sales information, or similar communications;
Badge Check
to communicate with you about our services (for example through newsletters, marketing emails, announcements or special offers);
Badge Check
for billing and collection purposes, if you have subscribed to one of our paid plans;
Badge Check
for the investigation, prevention and management of fraud and for breaches of our Terms of service;
Badge Check
to enable third parties to provide services to us;
Badge Check
for customers that request allocated dedicated IP addresses, for the purposes of assigning the dedicated IP address to that customer;
Badge Check
personalize, assess, and improve our services, content and materials and for audience measurement purposes;
Badge Check
to comply with applicable laws to which we are subject.
We may use your non-personal data to enhance the services, for instance through web analytics or troubleshooting. We may also use aggregated or depersonalized information to promote our services, such as by citing usage statistics.
We collect your personal data because we need it to perform a contract we have signed with you or because you have taken steps to enter into a contract with us (for instance, when you fill in a contact form to request information about our services or when you sign up for an account). Otherwise, we collect personal data based on your consent for that specific purpose, and in limited purposes under legitimate interests (for example, to enable us to foster and develop our relationship (with the use of a customer relationship management system), and to perform credit checks or for verification of data and payment details).
Except for the limited circumstances we describe here or in an applicable agreement or our Terms of service, we do not share your personal data with third parties. When we need to provide your personal data to third parties, we will only share it to the extent necessary to provide you with our services, and we ensure that we have in place data protection requirements with these third parties (including standard contractual clauses as well as the requisite technical and organisational measures).
We may also share your personal data as required or permitted by law and as to optimally provide our services through third party providers as described below.
Hosting Services:
We host the website and operate the platform using third parties, including Google Cloud Platform, AWS®, MacStadium and Rackspace®. Your platform will be hosted from their data centers throughout the United States or Europe, based on where you have selected to deploy our services (no transfers between these separate data center locations occur).
Payment Providers:
We use Stripe®, Chargify, Aria, and Authorize.net to process subscription payments, and therefore provide them with the personal data required to charge your credit card and maintain any payment mandate information as law requires.
Website functionalities and optimization:
We may use third-party services either embedded into our website (such as Drift, Optimizely, VWO, Segment™, Split.io and Google® Analytics) or outside of it (such as GitHub®, Unbounce and Twitter®) to communicate with you or to enhance the function of the website and the services, and for product development and optimization.
Customer engagement:
We use third-party service providers and platforms (such as Gainsight, Customer.io, Looker, Snowflake, Salesforce, Uservoice, Zapier, and Zendesk) for customer engagement, customer chat, product feedback and customer support ticketing.
IP addresses:
We may share your contact information with ARIN (American Registry for Internet Numbers) for the purposes of fulfilling your request to re-assign the dedicated IP addresses.
While we provide these third parties with no more information than what is necessary to enable them to provide the services to us, any information that you provide these services providers independently is subject to their respective privacy policies and practices.
In no case do we sell, share or rent out your contacts to third parties, nor use them for any purpose other than those set forth in this policy.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities or regulatory bodies, including to meet law enforcement requirements, in the case of a court order, a summons to appear in court or any other similar requisition from a government or the judiciary, or to establish or defend a legal application.
Our US company, Mailgun Technologies, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Additionally, we will provide information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We keep your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide our services to you (unless otherwise required by law).
If you would like us to cease all of the described uses of your personal data, you may delete your account at any time from the Account Settings section of our Dashboard. This will delete your personal data from our records (within a maximum of ninety (90) days), and we will make no further use of it. We may, however, retain copies of your personal data in backups for legal retention purposes and/or for our own legitimate business purposes.
Sinch Email complies with the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) as well as all applicable data protection laws. For all transfers of personal data from the EU and EEA, we maintain EU Standard contractual clauses where necessary, ensure additional safeguards such as data encryption and data minimization, as well as perform transfer impact assessments, audits and controls on our important sub processors.
Sinch Email complies with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (EU-US DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. More specifically Mailgun Technologies, Inc., our group US company, has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. Sinch Email remains responsible for all the personal information we receive under the EU-US DPF and that we subsequently transfer to third parties acting as agents on our behalf if they process personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF principles, unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In accordance with Data Protection laws, you have the right to:
Badge Check
Request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Badge Check
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Badge Check
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no legitimate reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Badge Check
Withdraw your consent and opt-out from our communications. We will honor your opt-out within 14 days. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from service-related messages if you remain a customer.
Badge Check
Object to processing of your personal data, for example, if we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this basis.
Badge Check
Request the restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Badge Check
Request the transfer of your personal data (right to data portability).
If you want to exercise any of the above rights, please email our privacy team at
privacy@mailgun.com
. Sinch Email commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@sinch.com
.
Sinch Email has also committed to cooperate and comply, in compliance with the EU-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU_US DPF, with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPA) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning personal data received in reliance on the EU-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration as per the EU-US DPF Principles Annex. If you are located in the EU, you also have the right to lodge a complaint to your DPA.
You can sign our Data Processing Agreement which lists out all our important sub-processors used and the measures in place to ensure proper data protections.
The security and integrity of your personal information is very important to us. We follow industry accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. We ensure the appropriate electronic, physical and managerial procedures are in place with a view to safeguarding and preserving all the data handled. Our infrastructure is located in top-tier data centers. Each of these locations adhere to strict physical and procedural controls which are frequently audited. Our applications are routinely scanned for vulnerabilities and an independent penetration test is conducted annually. Our employees undergo background checks (when allowed) and sign non-disclosure agreements at the time of hire.
Remember, though, that some parts of the services are public and that email, by its nature, is not a reliably private means of communication. If you voluntarily provide personal data in a public area of the website, unrelated parties online will be able to view it and collect it. If you don’t want to make this information publicly available, you shouldn’t post it.
The information provided in this policy may be modified to address new issues or changes. If we make significant changes, we may notify you by other means (for instance, by email or with a banner on the website) prior to the change becoming effective. Any changes we make will take effect 30 days after the update date noted
above
. If you object to the changes, you may choose to close out your account with us before the new effective date to delete your account and related information from our records.
Last revised and updated 01/15/2025. To review a changelog and see the previous version,
click here
.
deliv-team@mailjet.company
outbound-sales@mailjet.company
spamtrapmonitoring@mailjet.company
pop@mailjet.top
manu@mailjet.top
tonyparker@mailjet.top
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy.:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.
Sub-policy 4
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 5
https://www.apple.com/privacy/:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
,
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Wallet and Apple Pay help hide what you buy.
Wallet and Apple Pay
When you make a purchase, Apple Pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. So your card number is never stored on your device or on Apple servers. And when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by Apple with merchants.
When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple Pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. And when you use Apple Cash, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention, and regulatory purposes.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
Siri learns what you need. Not who you are.
Siri
Siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing your identity with Apple or anyone else. You don’t sign in with your Apple Account to use Siri, and the audio of your requests is processed entirely on your device thanks to the power of the Apple Neural Engine.
When Apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. That data is used only to improve Siri, and we never share or sell it. Apple doesn’t retain audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve Siri.
Apple News leaves what you read off the record.
Apple News
Many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you. Apple News delivers personalized content without knowing who you are. The content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your Apple Account.
You get editor-curated content and a personalized newsfeed so you can stay up to date with the latest news and stories. And because Apple News uses machine learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like — without Apple ever knowing what you’re into.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari actually protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Drop by the Apple Store to learn more about privacy.
Join a 30-minute session and learn how to control your privacy on iPhone.
Join a free session
Discover how Apple Vision Pro protects your data.
Like every Apple product and service, Apple Vision Pro is designed to protect your privacy and keep you in control of your data.
View (PDF)
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Take charge of how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Racial Equity
and Justice Initiative
We’re addressing systemic racism by expanding opportunities for communities of color globally.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success.
Learn more
Supply Chain Innovation
We prioritize providing safe, respectful, and supportive workplaces for everyone.
Learn more
Inclusion and Diversity
We’re holding ourselves accountable for creating a culture where everyone belongs.
Learn more
Sub-policy 6
https://www.garmin.com/de-DE/privacy/:
This site uses cookies and related technologies for site operation, analytics, and third party advertising purposes. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, reject non-essential technologies, or further manage your preferences.
Privacy Policy
Accept
Decline
Manage Settings
We're sorry but Privacy Pages don't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to
      continue.
Datenschutz
Garmin-Datenschutzrichtlinien
Der Schutz Ihrer Daten ist uns wichtig, und wir wissen, dass er auch für Sie wichtig ist.  Lesen Sie sich unsere Datenschutzrichtlinien durch, um Informationen darüber zu erhalten, wie Garmin Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nutzt, speichert und schützt.
Garmin.com
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Outdoor, Sport und Freizeit
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Garmin Connect
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Garmin Jr. App
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Marine
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Luftfahrt
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Garmin Response
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Verbraucheranwendungen für den Automobilbereich
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Garmin Clipboard App
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Garmin Sports
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Garmin Pay
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Garmin Golf
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Navionics
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
FltPlan
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
NAVIGON.com
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
NAVIGON Fresh
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Garmin Dive
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Tacx
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Datenschutzrahmen
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE (1)
AeroData
DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
Sprache finden
Sub-policy 7
https://www.garmin.com/de-DE/privacy/global/:
This site uses cookies and related technologies for site operation, analytics, and third party advertising purposes. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, reject non-essential technologies, or further manage your preferences.
Privacy Policy
Accept
Decline
Manage Settings
We're sorry but Privacy Pages don't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to
      continue.
Datenschutz
Garmin
Garmin schützt Ihre Privatsphäre
Wir möchten, dass Sie darüber informiert sind, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erfassen, nutzen, mit anderen teilen und speichern, wenn Sie ein Garmin-Konto erstellen, mit unserem Support in Verbindung stehen und
Garmin.com
oder andere Garmin-Websites und -Apps besuchen, für die diese Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt.
Welche personenbezogenen Daten werden von Garmin erfasst?
Garmin schafft Produkte, in denen Technologie für ein Leben im Freien steckt. Wir bitten um die Angabe personenbezogener Daten wie Name, Email-Adresse, Standort und andere Informationen, damit Sie sich bei Ihren Konten anmelden können, auf Sie zugeschnittenen Support erhalten, wichtige Sicherheitsinformationen zu Ihren Geräten erhalten und unsere Produkte optimal verwenden können.
Weitere Informationen
Erstellung eines Garmin-Kontos
Garmin speichert Informationen wie Ihren Namen, Ihre Email-Adresse und Kennwörter, damit Sie sich anmelden können. Außerdem können wir auf diese Weise Ihr Konto verifizieren, wenn Sie Kontakt mit dem Support aufnehmen.
Synchronisierung von Geräten
Wenn Sie Geräte synchronisieren, werden Daten wie die IP-Adresse, die Uhrzeit und das Datum der Synchronisierung und der Akkuladestand an Garmin übertragen.
Erwerb von Produkten oder Abonnements
Wenn Sie über unsere Website, Shops oder Apps Produkte oder Abonnements erwerben, bitten wir um die Angabe von Informationen wie Name, Adresse, Telefonnummer und anderer Informationen, die zum Einziehen der Zahlung und zum Abwickeln der Bestellung erforderlich sind. Wir beauftragen einen Dritten mit der Verarbeitung Ihrer Zahlungsinformationen, jedoch werden von Garmin keinerlei Details zur Zahlungskarte gespeichert.
Verwendung positionsabhängiger Funktionen
Gelegentlich müssen wir die Position Ihres Geräts erfassen. Auf diese Weise ist es einfacher, Ihnen positionsabhängige Informationen bereitzustellen, z. B. zu Wetter in Ihrer Gegend, zu Stau in der Nähe und sogar zu Kinopreisen in der Nähe.
Verwendung der Autonavigation
Mit Ihrer Zustimmung erfasst Garmin Daten, die Ihre Position, Ihre Richtung und Ihr Tempo umfassen, um Funktionen wie Informationen zu Parkplätzen und Verkehr zu unterstützen.
Kontaktaufnahme mit Garmin
Wir verstehen, dass Sie evtl. ungebunden sein möchten, allerdings erfassen wir bei Supportanrufen u. U. Daten wie Ihre Kontakt-, Geräte- oder Abonnementinformationen, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie die benötigte Hilfe erhalten.
Vollständige Datenschutzrichtlinie anzeigen
Warum bittet Garmin um die Angabe personenbezogener Daten?
Von der Bereitstellung von Produktsupport bis zur Angabe klarer Anweisungen zum Ziel werden die erbetenen Informationen dazu verwendet, Ihr Nutzungserlebnis mit Garmin zu optimieren.
Weitere Informationen
Zur Bereitstellung aktueller Informationen
Wenn es wichtige Informationen zu Ihren Produkten, Apps, Abonnements oder Ihrem Konto gibt, z. B. wichtige Sicherheitsinformationen, App-Updates, neue Produkte oder Angebote und Updates unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie, nehmen wir mithilfe der erfassten Daten Kontakt mit Ihnen auf.
Zur Optimierung unserer Websites und Apps
Wenn Sie unsere Websites besuchen oder unsere Apps verwenden, erfassen wir Informationen, z. B. Ihre IP-Adresse, Ihren Standort, die Zeiten Ihrer Besuche usw., damit wir wissen, wie unsere Websites und Apps genutzt werden und wie wir sie optimieren können.
Zur Bereitstellung für Sie interessanter Informationen
Cookies, Trackingpixel und ähnliche Tools ermöglichen es uns, Ihnen auf unseren Websites bessere und relevantere Inhalte bereitzustellen.
Wir verwenden diese Tools auch, um zu ermitteln, wie effektiv unsere Werbung ist und um potenzielle Probleme zu identifizieren, die behoben werden müssen. Kurz gesagt: Wir möchten Ihnen Websites bereitstellen, die Sie gerne besuchen.
Vollständige Datenschutzrichtlinie anzeigen
Verkauft Garmin Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
Nein. Wir verkaufen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht. Außerdem teilen wir personenbezogene Daten nur in bestimmten Situationen mit anderen.
Weitere Informationen
Teilen von Daten mit Anbietern von Inhalten oder Funktionen
Mit Ihrer Zustimmung teilen wir vom Navigationsgerät erfasste Daten wie Position, Richtung und Tempo mit Dritten, die Inhalte und Funktionen bereitstellen, beispielsweise Informationen zu Verkehr und Parkplätzen.
Teilen von Daten innerhalb von Garmin
Garmin ist ein globales Unternehmen, d. h. dass Garmin weltweit über Unternehmen verfügt, die zusammenarbeiten, um unsere Produkte/Services bereitzustellen und unsere Geschäftstätigkeit zu unterstützen. Unabhängig davon, welches Garmin-Unternehmen Ihre Informationen handhabt, sind sie weiterhin gemäß dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie geschützt.
Teilen von Daten mit Dienstanbietern
Wir teilen personenbezogene Daten mit Dritten, die für uns Dienste bereitstellen, beispielsweise Aufträge abwickeln, Zahlungen verarbeiten und Emails an Kunden senden.
Teilen von Daten aus gesetzlichen Gründen
Wir teilen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wenn dies im Rahmen der Strafverfolgung und in anderen rechtlichen Angelegenheiten erforderlich ist.
Vollständige Datenschutzrichtlinie anzeigen
Wie können Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwalten?
Besuchen Sie unser
Kontoverwaltungscenter
, um Ihre Daten zu verwalten oder Ihre Rechte auszuüben. Wenn Sie Fragen zu Ihren Rechten haben,
klicken Sie hier
, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Vollständige Datenschutzrichtlinie anzeigen
Sub-policy 8
https://www.strava.com/legal/privacy:
We use essential cookies to make our website work. We also set additional cookies that help us improve your experience, help keep you safe, perform analytics, and serve relevant ads. These additional cookies will be set only if you click ‘Accept’ below. For more information about the cookies we use, or to change your preferences, please visit our
Cookies Policy.
I accept
Reject
Terms of Service
Gifting Terms
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Legal Bases
API Agreement
Supplier Guidelines
Law Enforcement Guidelines
Strava Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 30, 2024
Your privacy is very important to us. Before we get to the details, here’s a summary of our key privacy practices. Click on the links to learn more and read the full policy below.
Jump to full privacy policy
Privacy Summary
Collection, Use, and Sharing of Data
Do we sell your personal information for monetary value?
No
Do we sell aggregated information for monetary value?
No
Do we share your personal information with third parties that are not service providers?
Yes, with your consent
Do we share your personal information for targeted advertising?
Yes, with your consent
Do we use sensitive categories of data, like health information?
Yes, with your consent
Do we provide additional privacy protections for minors (users under 18)?
Yes
Do we use your contact list?
Yes, with your consent
Do we delete your personal information when you request account deletion?
Yes, unless it is necessary to provide the Strava services or required by law
Do we retain your data after you request deletion of your account?
No, unless it is necessary to provide the Strava services or required by law
Privacy Controls
Can you control who sees your activity and content?
Yes
Can you control who sees your location-based activity?
Yes
Are your activity and profile privacy controls public (set to “Everyone”) by default?
Yes, if you are 18 years of age or older
Can you download and delete your personal information?
Yes
Do all users worldwide have the same suite of privacy controls?
Yes
Tracking
Do we track your device location while you are not using our app?
No
Do we track your device location to provide Strava services to you?
Yes, with your consent
Do we use non-essential cookies?
Yes, with your consent
Do we track your browsing activities on other sites?
No
Do we listen to you using your device microphone?
No
Communication
Do we give you advance notice when we make important changes and updates to our Privacy Policy?
Yes
Do we send you marketing communications?
Yes, unless you have opted out, or, where required, with your express consent
Do we send you push notifications on mobile devices?
Yes, with your consent
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Strava’s privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains the information we collect, how we use and share it, how to manage your privacy controls, and your rights in connection with our websites and the related mobile applications and services (collectively, the “Services”). Please also read our
Terms of Service
, which set out the terms governing the Services.
Strava is headquartered in San Francisco, California, USA. If you are in the European Economic Area, the Services are provided to you by Strava Ireland Limited. Otherwise, the Services are provided to you by Strava, Inc. Throughout these Terms “Strava” refers to the relevant service provider providing the Services to you.
This policy was written in English. To the extent a translated version conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, or would like to contact us or our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by the email or addresses below or via
https://support.strava.com
.
For Non-EU/EEA Data Subjects:
Strava, Inc.
208 Utah Street
San Francisco, CA 94103
USA
Attn: Legal
DPO@strava.com
For EU/EEA Data Subjects:
Strava Ireland Ltd.
Making it Work
Magennis Court
Pearse Street
Dublin 2
D02 FK76 Ireland
Attn: Legal
DPO@strava.com
Information Strava Collects
Strava collects information about you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you, if you or other Strava users choose to share it with Strava. The sources from which we collect this personal information fall into three categories: information you provide, information we collect automatically, and information we collect from other sources. For example, based on how you interact with Strava and the Services, we may collect information when you track, complete, or upload activities using the Services. Strava also collects information about how you use the Services. In addition, you may choose to share information about yourself, your friends, and your activities with Strava. Specific categories of data collected and received are outlined
here
.
Account, Profile, and User Activity
We collect
account information
such as your name, email address, date of birth, gender, weight, username and password that helps secure and provide you with access to our Services.
Profile, activity and use information
is collected about you when you engage in activities such as choosing to upload a photo, video, post, or activity (including date, time and geo-location information as well as your speed and pace and perceived exertion), join a club or challenge, add your equipment usage, view others’ activities, or otherwise use the Services.
Location Information
We collect and process
location information
when you sign up for and use the Services. We do not track your device location while you are not using the Services. In order for most of our core features (e.g., GPS activity tracking, routes, segment leaderboards) to function, you must grant us permissions in your device’s privacy controls to track your device location while you use the Services.
If you would like to stop the device location tracking, you may do so at any time by adjusting your device settings.
Content You Share
We gather information from photos, videos, posts, comments, messages, kudos, ratings, reviews, and other
content you share on the Services
, including when you participate in partner events or create segments or routes.
Contacts’ Information
You can choose to add your
contacts’ information
by connecting your contacts from your mobile device or social networking accounts to Strava. If you choose to share your contacts with Strava, we will access and store your contacts’ information to identify potential connections and help you connect with each other.
Learn more
about how we collect information about your contacts, how we use that information, and the controls available to you.
Connected Devices and Apps
We collect information from
devices and apps you connect to Strava
in accordance with the consent you give when you authorize the connection to Strava. For example, you may connect your Garmin watch or Peloton account to Strava to interact with the Services. The information generated from your connections with these third-party devices and apps, for example, step count data, or personal information, such as heart rate data (if you have consented to processing of health information), will be passed along to Strava. You may update your connected devices and apps preferences at any time in your
settings
.
Learn more
about how information from devices and apps you connect to Strava may be collected or used.
Health Information
Strava may collect or infer
health information
, such as heart rate. Certain health information may be inferred from sources such as heart rate or other measurements, including power, cadence, and weight or other indicators. Where health information can be used to uniquely identify you, it is considered personal information, and sensitive personal information under certain laws.
Before you can upload health information to Strava, you must give your explicit
consent
to the processing of that health information by Strava. You can withdraw your consent to Strava processing your health information at any time.
Payment Information
When you make a payment on Strava, you will be asked to provide
payment information
such as your payment card or other payment details. We use Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant third-party payment services who may store your credit card information in accordance with applicable standards.
Third-Party Accounts
Strava allows you to sign up and log in to the Services using accounts you create with third-party products and services, such as Meta, Google, or Apple (collectively, “Third-Party Accounts”). If you access the Services through
Third-Party Accounts
, we will collect information you have agreed to make available such as your name, email address, profile information and preferences. This information is collected by the Third-Party Account providers and is provided to Strava under their privacy policies. You can generally control the information we receive from these Third-Party Accounts using the privacy controls in your account with them.
Technical Information, Cookies, and Log Files
We collect information from your browser, computer, or mobile device, which provides us with
technical information
when you access or use the Services. This technical information includes device and network information, cookies, log files and analytics information.  Learn more about how we use cookies and manage your preferences by visiting our
Cookie Policy
.
The Services use
log files
. The information stored in those files includes IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. IP addresses may be linked to session IDs, athlete IDs and device identifiers.
Other Information
We may
collect information directly from you or through our service providers
, such as when we collect your feedback through surveys.
We may also collect
information about you from other Strava users
such as when they give you kudos or comment on your activities.
How Strava Uses Information
Strava uses the information we collect and receive as described below.
To provide the Services
We use the information we collect and receive to provide the Services, including providing you with the ability to:
Record your activities and analyze your performance
. For example, to compare your past efforts, analyze your training, and—with your consent—use your heart rate information to provide you with performance analysis. We may also match your GPS activities to specific segments or routes to analyze your efforts against those of other users and to establish leaderboards.
Interact with other users
. For example, we use personal information, including your name, avatar, athlete ID, and content you choose to share to compete on segments, participate in clubs, challenges, or events, follow other users, message other users, and use features that help users interact with one another, such as group activities or
Flyby
.
Manage your training
. For example, to set goals and use your training dashboard.
Explore new places to go
. For example, to discover routes or segments where you can engage in your activity. Similarly, if several users run a specific route, that information may be used to suggest the route to other users.
Provide AI Features
. For example, we use machine learning or artificial intelligence, including large language models, to detect anomalies on leaderboards, generate route recommendations, or provide personalized training guidance.
Visualize your activities in new ways
. For example, by creating
personal heatmaps
or using your training log.
Share insights with the Strava community
. For example, by sharing your public reviews and photos of specific routes or segments. We may also analyze your public photos from specific routes or segments to attach characteristics to those routes or segments (such as shaded, waterfalls, flowers).
To contact you regarding the Services
. We use your
contact information
, which includes name and email address, so we can contact you when needed regarding the Services, for example, to notify you about material changes to our terms.
Subject to your
privacy controls
, your information, including parts of your profile, username, photos/videos, users you follow and who follow you, clubs you belong to on Strava, your activities, the devices you use, your online status, and kudos and comments you give and receive will be shared on Strava so that you may be able to participate in the Services, for example to show your place on a leaderboard.
Certain information
(e.g., your name, and some profile information) is also available to non-users on the web. Your precise location information, such as where you run or ride, may also be shared on Strava or to non-users, in accordance with your privacy controls.
Regarding our products or features using machine learning or artificial intelligence, including large language models, ("AI Features"), we use the information we collect to enhance the quality, reliability, and/or accuracy of our AI Features by creating, developing, training, testing, improving, and maintaining AI and ML models run by Strava or our service providers. We use aggregated, de-identified information for AI Features where possible for their purpose. Depending on your privacy controls and sharing permissions, we also may use personal information such as health and location information for AI Features, for example, to provide you with training analysis and recommendations.
To customize your experience
We use the information we collect and receive to customize your experience. For example, we may suggest segments, routes, challenges, or clubs on Strava that may interest you, users that you may want to follow, or new features that you may want to try. Learn more about how we use information to make recommendations
here
.
To provide you with targeted commercial content
We use the information we collect and receive to serve you with relevant promotions, subject to your notification and email preferences. For example, if we see you are an active user who has been on a monthly subscription plan for an extended period of time, we may serve you a promotion to switch to a discounted annual plan. Or if you are an active user who has never subscribed, we may send you an offer for a free subscription trial. In addition, we use cookies and other tracking technologies, including SDKs and other mobile analytics to inform targeted advertising and serve relevant ads. Learn more and manage your preferences by visiting our
Cookie Policy
.
To protect you and the Services, as well as minors
We use the information we collect and receive to protect users, enforce our
Terms of Service
,
Acceptable Use Policy
, and
Community Standards
, and promote safety. For example, to help us find and remove content that violates our terms, such as hate speech or spam, as well as suspend or terminate accounts that share such content. We use automated tools to assist us in protecting and safeguarding you and other users and to keep the Service secure, for example to detect misuse and bad actors. Strava reserves the right to review accounts and user actions on the Services to ensure compliance with our Terms. You can learn more about how to report content that violates our terms and standards
here
.
We also use device information and information contained in log files, including IP address, to maintain the security and integrity of our Services.
To enhance safety and privacy for our younger users, we use dates of birth to help confirm that an athlete is old enough to use Strava, and to help provide an age-appropriate experience on Strava and the Services, including Messaging.
To assist you with a support request
We use the information we collect and receive to provide support in response to your requests and comments. Depending on your request, this may require us to access your account, for example, to troubleshoot or replicate a reported issue.
To improve our Services
We use the information we collect and receive, including feedback you provide, to conduct research, and to analyze, develop, troubleshoot, increase functionality, and otherwise improve the Services. To do this, Strava may use third-party analytics providers to gain insights into how our Services are used, using aggregated data, and to help us improve the Services.
To communicate with you
We may also use the information we collect and receive to market and promote the Services, activities and events on Strava, including using email and push notifications, in accordance with your preferences. We may also contact you for partnership opportunities, when investigating alleged violations of our terms, or to send proactive customer support messages.
To process your subscription
We use the information we collect to process your subscription, including using your location data to determine your country pricing.
How Information is Shared
We do not sell personal information or aggregated data for monetary value. We may share personal information in accordance with your preferences, as needed to run our business and provide the Services, and where required for legal purposes, as set forth below. Categories of third parties that we may share your information with are listed
here
. In addition, we may share aggregated data about our users, as described in more detail in the
“Aggregated Information”
section below.
Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties who provide services to Strava such as supporting, improving, promoting and securing the Services, processing payments, or fulfilling orders. These service providers only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information. We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of the Services over time on our behalf, to promote Strava or display information that may be relevant to your interests on the Services or other websites or services.
Publicly Available Information
When you join the Strava community as an individual of 18 years of age or older, your profile and your activities are set to be viewable by
”Everyone”
by default. Your name and other profile information is viewable by other Strava users, and if your
profile visibility
is set to “Everyone,” this information is also viewable by the public, including in search engine results. Additional information and content you share may also be viewable, subject to your privacy controls. For example, your media content, and routes may be accessed by other Strava users and non-users or viewable on publicly accessible Strava pages or in search engine results.
In addition, once you have uploaded your first activity to Strava, the first and last and last 200 meters of your future activity maps will be hidden by default the next time you open the Strava app. If you wish to change your default preference, you can do so at any time by following these instructions
here
.
We provide a variety of
privacy controls
to manage the sharing of your information and encourage our users to adjust their controls to align with their desired experience.
Sharing Information and Activities using your Strava privacy controls
We share your information with other Strava users and the public in accordance with your
privacy controls
. For example, if your profile and your activities are set to be viewable by
followers only
, then a Strava user will not be able to see your uploaded activities, photos, or detailed profile information until after you have granted the Strava user permission to follow you.
You can change the
visibility of the activities
you upload to Strava. Also, you can change the
map visibility
on GPS-based activities you upload to Strava. For example, you can tell us about important locations, such as your home or work address, by using our "
Hide a Specific Address
" feature in your privacy controls. We will hide any portion of your activity on your activity map that starts or ends near your hidden addresses. You can also choose to hide your start and end points (wherever they occur), or the entire map, using your Map Visibility controls.
Using
Strava Beacon
, you can choose to invite your trusted contact(s) to view your live location while recording activities.
Targeted Advertising
We may use the information we collect and receive about you to provide you with targeted advertising if you accept non-essential cookies using our cookie banner or are receiving marketing communications. If you accept the cookie banner, you may opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Do Not Share My Personal Information” link in the footer below or in our app by clicking on the “Personal Information Sharing” link in your Privacy Controls and following the instructions.You can also update your cookie preferences at any time
here
. You can update your email preferences at any time
here
. Your device may also allow you to opt out on iOS or Android.
Third Party Services Connected via API or Other Integrations
We enable you to share your information and content with third party apps, plugins, or websites that integrate with the Services, as well as with third parties who work with Strava to offer an integrated feature, such as a challenge sponsor, media streaming, or tracking device. You can choose to share your profile data and activity data (including private activities) with these third parties. Information collected by these third parties is subject to their terms and policies and may not provide you with the same privacy controls that are available on Strava (for example, hiding a specific address or the start and end points on activity maps). Strava is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties.
If you choose to use a Third-Party Account to login to Strava, we share only the information necessary for the third-party to enable you to login and to protect and secure your information. You can also
share
your activities with your
contacts
via text, email, or on social media applications like Meta, Instagram, and Twitter. If you link your Strava account to other social networks and share your activities, they may be viewable on such third-party platforms, and may include your location information. You should use caution when sharing information via third parties and you should carefully review the privacy practices of such third parties.
Aggregated Information
Strava may deidentify and aggregate the personal information you and others make available in connection with the Services (“Aggregated Information”) and post it publicly or share it with third parties. Examples include information about usage, demographics, routes, performance, and challenge participation and completion. Strava may
use, license, or share
this
Aggregated Information
with third parties for research, business or other purposes such as to improve walking, running or riding in cities via
Strava Metro
or to help our partners understand more about users, including the people who use their products and services. Strava also uses Aggregated Information to generate our
Global Heatmap
and other community-powered features such as
Points of Interest and Start Points
. Please visit your
privacy controls
if you would like to opt out of Strava using your information for these purposes.
Subsidiaries and Acquirers of our Business or Assets
We may share your information with our subsidiaries, who are required to handle your personal information in accordance with their own Privacy Policies.
If Strava becomes involved in a business combination, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution or other similar transaction, we may share or transfer your information in connection with such transaction.
Legal Requirements
We may preserve and share your information with third parties, including law enforcement, public or governmental agencies, or private litigants, within or outside your country of residence, if we determine that such disclosure is compelled by or reasonably necessary to comply with the law, including to respond to court orders, warrants, subpoenas, or other legal or regulatory process, or otherwise permitted by law. We may also retain, preserve or disclose your information if we determine that this is reasonably necessary or appropriate to: (1) prevent any person from death or serious bodily injury; (2) to address issues of national security or other issues of public importance; (3) to prevent or detect violations of our
Terms of Service
or fraud or abuse of Strava or its users; (4) or to protect our operations or our property or other legal rights, including by disclosure to our legal counsel and other consultants and third parties in connection with actual or potential litigation.
Managing Your Privacy Settings
Privacy Controls
Strava offers several features and settings to help you manage your privacy and share your activities. We provide the same suite of privacy controls to all of our users worldwide. Most privacy controls are located in your privacy controls page, but some are specific to individual activities, athletes,
routes
, or features. Strava provides you the option to make your
profile
visible to Everyone or Request to Follow; and to make your
activities
visible to Everyone, only your Followers and you, or Only You. You can also
hide certain
details, such as your heart rate, from being viewed by others on individual activities.
Click here
to manage your privacy controls.
Adjust Notification and Email Preferences
Strava offers various ways to manage the notifications you receive. You can choose not to receive certain email notifications by indicating your preferences
here
. You may also unsubscribe from these emails by following the instructions contained at the bottom of these messages. In our app, you can access your “Push Notifications” in the settings menu. Where permitted by local regulations, we may opt you into marketing-related communications if you substantially interact with the Services or purchase a subscription. We may also send you periodic communications asking if you would like to opt into receiving marketing-related communications.
If you receive marketing communications from one or more of our subsidiaries, you must opt-out individually from each subsidiary you are receiving brand-specific marketing from.
Any administrative or service-related emails (for example, to confirm a purchase, to notify you of pricing changes, to deliver a training plan you requested, or provide an significant update to our policies, etc.) may not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the Services you requested. You are responsible for providing us with a valid email address and keeping it updated to ensure you get these email notifications.
Updating Account Information
You may correct, amend or update profile or account information at any time by adjusting that information in your account settings. You can use this to correct any inaccurate personal information in your account. If you need further assistance please contact Strava at
https://support.strava.com
.
Deleting Information and Accounts and Downloading Your Data
You can download your account or delete your data using our self-service tools. To download your data, including your activity files, follow the instructions
here
.
To delete your account, follow the instructions provided
here
. After you make an account deletion request, we permanently and irreversibly delete your personal information from our systems, including backups. Once deleted, your data, including your account, activities and place on leaderboards cannot be reinstated. Following your deletion of your account, it may take up to 45 days to delete your personal information and system logs from our systems. Additionally, we may retain information where deletion requests are made to comply with the law and take other actions permitted by law.
Note that we do not have control over content you have shared directly or publicly with others, such as segments you created on Strava, photos or videos on other social media platforms, or that others may have copied. In other words, content or information may remain available after you have deleted your account or deleted specific information from your own profile. Your public profile may be displayed in search engine results until the search engine refreshes its cache.
Strava also provides you the option to remove individual activities you have posted without deleting your account. Once removed, the activities may remain on Strava's systems until you delete your account.
Children's Privacy
Our services are not intended for, nor directed to, children under 13 years of age. We use technical measures to help prevent children under 13 years of age from creating an account and therefore do not knowingly collect personal information from anybody under 13 years of age.
If you are under 13 years of age, do not use the Services
.
Moreover, we provide additional privacy and safety protections for users under 18 years of age. For example, when users under 18 years of age create an account, their profile and activities are set by default to be viewable by
followers only
, and they are unable to access Messaging. We also may limit how we collect or process the personal information of individuals under 18 years of age. For example, you must be at least 16 years of age to upload heart rate data or receive heart rate analysis.
How We Protect Information
Strava implements measures to ensure that your information is treated securely and consistently with the terms in this Privacy Policy. We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of your information and designed to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure, or access to personal information.
In addition, you can take steps to protect your account and information such as creating a unique password for Strava that is not easily guessed and that you don't use anywhere else, not sharing your password with others, and promptly reporting suspicious activity or unauthorized account access.
Your Legal Rights & How to Exercise your Legal Rights
Privacy laws provide certain rights to users in certain jurisdictions. Below are rights that may be available to you under applicable laws.
Access and Portability
You have the right to know, and request access to, the personal information we collect, use, share, or otherwise process about you. You can access much of your information by logging into your account. If you require additional access, please contact us at
https://support.strava.com
. To download a copy of your data, click
here
.
Rights to Rectify, Restrict, and Delete
You have the right to rectify, restrict, or delete personal information, including by requesting that we correct (rectify) where inaccurate, restrict, or delete your personal information on your behalf. Note that these requests are subject to certain limitations, for example, we may retain personal information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to process transactions and facilitate customer requests, and for certain other business purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You can rectify, restrict, or delete much of your information by logging into your account, such as to edit your profile, delete content like photos or videos you have posted, remove individual activities from view,
delete individual activities
, or delete your account. You may correct, amend or update profile or account information at any time by adjusting that information in your account settings. If you need further assistance please contact Strava at
https://support.strava.com
.
To delete your account, click
here
. See section above on
Deleting Information and Accounts
for more information about this process. If you need assistance, please contact us at
https://support.strava.com
. After we receive and validate your deletion request, we will delete your personal information, as well as direct our service providers to delete your personal information, unless an exception applies.
Right to Object
Where we process your information based on our legitimate interests, as explained in
Our Legal Bases
, you can object to this processing under certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. You can also object to processing of your information for direct marketing emails at any time
here
.
Right to Revoke Consent
To the extent we rely on your consent to engage in certain processing (such as to process health-related data), you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by updating your
settings
. Please note, past activities will still display health-related data such as heart rate in accordance with the consent provided at that time. We may continue to process your information if we have a separate legal basis to do so (for instance, to comply with a court order) or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
Right to Complain
You may raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have) by contacting us at
https://support.strava.com
. Regarding the right to complain, you may also report concerns to your local data protection supervisory authority.
Notice for individuals residing outside the United States
This section is specifically intended for individuals residing in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States (“US”), such as residents of the European Economic Area ("EEA") including the European Union ("EU"), the United Kingdom ("UK"), Switzerland, Brazil, and other relevant jurisdictions around the world (e.g., Latin America, Middle East, Asia). Note that as a US-based and EU-based business we are not necessarily subject to privacy and data protection laws in your jurisdiction, but we endeavor to comply with such laws to the extent they are applicable to us.
Please see the top of this section for a list of rights we provide to you, as well as how to exercise them. To learn more about our legal bases for processing your personal information, click
here
.
Strava's lead supervisory authority in the EEA is the Data Protection Commission of Ireland. If you reside in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United Kingdom ("UK") and have any questions or requests about your legal rights, please contact us at DPO@strava.com.
Notice for individuals residing in certain U.S. states
Residents of certain U.S. states, such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah, or Virginia, and Montana as of October 1, 2024, may have additional rights under your corresponding state laws (“collectively, U.S. State Privacy Laws”). Only you or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to your personal information. Please see the top of this section for a list of rights we provide to you, as well as how to exercise them. To learn more about our legal bases for processing your personal information, click
here
.
In addition to the description of those rights, below we provide a general description of additional rights and disclosures about your personal information that may be available to you under these U.S. State Privacy Laws.
Access and Portability
Under U.S. State Privacy Laws, you have the right to make a free request regarding your right to know about the personal information we collect, use, and share two times in any 12-month period. Provided we can validate your request, we will make the disclosure no later than 45 days of receiving your request, unless we request an extension. In the event that we reasonably need a 45-day extension, we will notify you of the extension within the initial 45-day period.
Right to non-discrimination
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights under State Privacy Laws. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your U.S. State Privacy Law rights.
Right to opt out of personal information sales or shares
We do not sell your personal information for monetary value. However, under certain privacy laws, some non-monetary sharing of personal information with third parties – for example to provide you with targeted advertising for Strava on other platforms – may be considered a “sale” or “share” of personal information. To the extent such laws may consider this a sale or share of personal information, Strava does not “sell” or “share” your personal information for analytics or to serve you with targeted advertising on other platforms unless you accept non-essential cookies using our cookie banner. We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information of users we know are under 16 years old.
You have the right to direct us to not “sell” or “share” your personal information. If you opted into receiving our targeted advertising using our cookie banner, you may opt out of targeted advertising by (1) clicking the “Do Not Share My Personal Information” link in the footer below and following the instructions; (2) clicking in our app on the “Personal Information Sharing” link in your Privacy Controls and following the instructions; or (3) setting your
cookie preferences
to deny non-essential cookies. More information on your opt out options is provided
here
.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least 12 months before asking you if you want to re-opt into “sales” or “shares” of your personal information.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive information
You have the right to direct us to only use your sensitive information, such as precise geolocation data or health data, for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested. We obtain your express consent before processing your sensitive information and only use it to provide the Services, in accordance with your privacy settings.
Categories of personal information
We collect the following categories of personal information from you in connection with the Services. The table below outlines the specific categories of personal information, as well as the categories of Services Providers to whom we have disclosed these categories of personal information during the past 12 months. You also may request a copy of the following: (1) the categories of personal information we collected about you; (2) the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; (3) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) the personal information; (4) the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information, and the categories of personal information shared; and (5) the specific pieces of your personal information that we have collected, used, disclosed, or sold.
Categories of Personal Information
Business purpose
Legal Bases for processing
Categories of service providers
*
Identifiers, such as your real name, athlete ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, and other similar identifiers.
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors and compliance with data protection laws.
Helping to ensure security and integrity.
Debugging.
Performing services for the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing other similar services.
Providing advertising and marketing services to the consumer (excluding cross-context behavioral advertising).
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Verifying or maintaining quality or safety or improving or upgrading the Services.
To provide the services
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Advertising networks
Communication networks
Data analytics providers
Data hosting providers
Social networks
Partners
Subsidiaries
Payment processors
Operational logistics providers
Physical characteristics such as height or weight, as indicated by you
Performing services for the business.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Verifying or maintaining quality or safety or improving or upgrading the Services.
Consent
Data analytics providers
Data Hosting
Subsidiaries
Payment Information
Performing services for the business.
To provide the services
Payment processors
Gender, as identified by you
Performing services for the business.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Verifying or maintaining quality or safety or improving or upgrading the Services.
Providing advertising and marketing services to the consumer (excluding cross-context behavioral advertising).
Consent
Advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Data hosting providers
Age, as identified by you
Performing services for the business.
Helping to ensure security and integrity.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Verifying or maintaining quality or safety or improving or upgrading the Services.
Providing advertising and marketing services to the consumer (excluding cross-context behavioral advertising).
To provide the services
Data analytics providers
Data hosting providers
Subsidiaries
Commercial information, such as the record of purchase of your Strava subscription
Performing services for the business.
To provide the services
Legitimate Interest
Advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Data hosting providers
Social networks
Subsidiaries
Payment processors
Communication Networks
Biometric information, such as your exercise data to the extent it contains identifying information
Performing services for the business.
Consent
To provide the services
Data analytics providers
Data hosting providers
Subsidiaries
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as session logs
Helping to ensure security and integrity.
Debugging.
Performing services for the business.
Providing advertising and marketing services to the consumer (excluding cross-context behavioral advertising).
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Verifying or maintaining quality or safety or improving or upgrading the Services.
To provide the services
Legitimate Interest
Data analytics providers
Data hosting providers
Advertising networks
Geolocation data, such as the physical location, direction and speed of your recorded activity
Performing services for the business.
Verifying or maintaining quality or safety or improving or upgrading the Services.
Consent
Data analytics providers
Data hosting providers
Social networks
Subsidiaries
Advertising networks
Operational logistics providers
Electronic, visual, or similar information, such as photos
Helping to ensure security and integrity.
Performing services for the business.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Verifying or maintaining quality or safety or improving or upgrading the Services.
Consent
Data hosting providers
Social networks
Partners
Subsidiaries
Inferences drawn from any of the above information to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, behavior, abilities, and aptitudes, such as Relative Effort
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors and compliance with data protection laws.
Helping to ensure security and integrity.
Performing services for the business.
Providing advertising and marketing services to the consumer (excluding cross-context behavioral advertising).
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Verifying or maintaining quality or safety or improving or upgrading the Services.
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Data hosting providers
Partners
Subsidiaries
*
The actual service providers where information may be shared depends on the factual circumstances, but could include what is listed.
Strava does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than the Permitted Sensitive Personal Information Purposes, as defined under California law.
Please note, according to U.S. State Privacy Laws, personal information does not generally include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Additional Disclosures for California Residents
Financial Incentives. We do not generally provide a loyalty program or other financial incentive in return for the collection or use of personal information. On some occasions we may engage in a limited-time marketing event, promotional offer or discount on fees that includes a registration or other collection of personal information, and we will disclose the benefits and terms of that promotion at the time of collection.
Privacy rights requests for non-customers. California privacy rights apply to all individuals (not just registered users), including job applicants, current and former employees, contractors and business partners. Job applicants may provide contact information and resume-related information (e.g., past education and experience) as well as complete relevant background checks. Employees receive internal privacy disclosure relevant to them. Contractors and business partners provide business contact information and payment-related information as necessary to facilitate a prospective or actual business relation. Due to the nature of these relationships, the precise collection and use of personal information can vary. All such individuals who are California residents can request additional information about our privacy practices with respect to their information, as well as make the access, deletion, correction and opt-out requests described above, by contacting us as directed above. Please provide sufficient information that we can identify you, and be aware that we may employ a more extensive authentication process to verify your identity before responding to your request.
Do Not Track. Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference you can set in most browsers  but there is no standard interpretation or practice for responding to DNT signals (see https://allaboutdnt.com/ for more information), and we therefore handle all user information consistent with our privacy policy.
Direct Marketing. We do not share personal information such as your contact information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
Additional Disclosures for Nevada residents
We do not “sell” personal information as defined by Nevada law (Nevada Revised Statutes, Chapter 603A, Section 1.6). You can submit a request to us regarding the sale of such information via the contact information above.
Cross Border Data Transfers
If you are located outside of the United States and choose to use the Services or provide information to us, you acknowledge and understand that your information will be transferred, processed and stored in the United States, due to the provision of Services being provided from and data storage facilities being located in the United States.
Whenever we transfer personal information internationally, we use legal mechanisms, such as Standard Contractual Clauses, to ensure data transfers comply with applicable law.
Retention of Information
We retain information as long as it is necessary to provide the Services subject to our legal obligations to further retain such information. Information associated with your account will generally be kept until it is no longer necessary to provide the Services or until your account is deleted or becomes inactive. In making these determinations, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the purposes for which the personal information is processed, whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and applicable legal requirements.
In addition, you can delete some items of information (e.g., profile information) and you can remove individual activities from view on the Services without deleting your account. For example, if you withdraw your
consent
to Strava processing your health-related information, Strava will delete all health-related information from any future activities you upload.
Following your deletion of your account, it may take up to 45 days to fully delete your personal information and system logs from our systems. Additionally, we may retain information to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the
Terms of Service
and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Personal information that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our Services to you may be de-identified and aggregated with other non-personal information to provide insights that are valuable to Strava, such as statistics of the use of the Services. For example, we may
retain
publicly available segments or routes and other depersonalized geolocation information to continue to improve the Services, and we use Aggregated Information in Strava Metro and our Global Heatmap. This information will be de-associated from your name and other identifiers.
Other Strava Sites
Strava maintains certain websites that can be accessed outside of
https://strava.com
, such as
https://stories.strava.com
,
https://partners.strava.com
,
https://press.strava.com
,
https://partners.strava.com/business
,
https://support.strava.com
, or
https://communityhub.strava.com
(the “Other Sites”). The Other Sites may maintain the look and feel of the Services, but may be hosted by Strava’s service providers with their own additional terms and privacy policies. If you interact with the Other Sites, your information may be stored, processed, or shared outside of the Services. If you interact with the Other Sites, you acknowledge that you may be subject to the terms and conditions and policies applicable to such Other Sites, which may differ from this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy Updates
Strava reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make changes to this privacy statement we will post the revised privacy statement and its effective date on this website. If we make changes we deem to be material, we will provide prominent, advance notice. If you object to any changes to this Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Services and
delete your account
.
Past Privacy Policies
December 4, 2023
July 7, 2021
©  2025 Strava
↑ Back to top
Sub-policy 9
https://www.suunto.com/en-gb/Privacy-Policy/:
For full functionality, please enable Javascript.
Suunto is committed to achieving Level AA conformance for this website in conformance with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 and achieving compliance with other accessibility standards. Please contact Customer Service at USA +1 855 258 0900 (toll free), if you have any issues accessing information on this website.
Mother's Day:
Discover our selection
Sign up for the newsletter and get 10% off
| Easy returns
Effective date: October 10th, 2024
Thank you for using Suunto devices and services! This Privacy Policy covers all Suunto applications, sites, and related services, which link to this Privacy Policy (collectively the Services). This Privacy Policy applies to persons who use Suunto devices and services as private individuals (not as professionals, for example as members of Suunto Pro Club). This Privacy Policy describes:
·
what personal data We collect about you (“customer” or “user” or “data subject”, “you”),
·
how We use and share your personal data and the legal grounds for doing so, and
·
the rights you have on your personal data.
As a minimum, We provide the same level of data protection and privacy controls as in the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union (“GDPR”) to all our customers worldwide. Particular rights and obligations may apply if you reside in certain locations.
Learn more
about your local rights and how to exercise them.
We may update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version at www.suunto.com and in the Services. If We make any material changes, We will let you know by posting a notice in the Services prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
1
SUUNTO JOINT CONTROLLERS
The Services are provided to you by Suunto Oy and its following affiliates i.e. other companies belonging to the same group of companies owned by
Dongguan Liesheng Electronic Co., Ltd
(
here
in
referred as ”We”).
Name
Contact details
Dongguan Liesheng Electronic Co., Ltd
4/F, building A, Nanxin Industrial Park, No.86, Hongtu Road, Nancheng District, Dongguan City, Guangdong Province, China
Suunto Oy
Tammiston kauppatie 7 A, 01510 Vantaa, Finland,
privacy@suunto.com
Liesheng HK Limited
19H Maxgrand Plaza no 3 San Po Kong Kowloon HONG KONG
Suunto Sports Technology Co., Ltd
5A070, Unit1, Office Building B2,
Gaobei 16,
No.16,
Gaoxin North 6th Road, Songpingshan Community, Xili Street
,
Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
Suunto Sports Technology
(Dongguan)
Co., Ltd
Room 108, No.5 Longxi Road, Nancheng Street, Dongguan City, Guangdong Province, China
We jointly determine the purposes and means of collection of the personal data specified in this Privacy Policy and sharing of the data between the joint controllers. We as the joint controllers have determined and agreed our respective responsibilities for compliance with the GDPR in the joint processing as follows:
Responsibilty
Dongguan Liesheng Electronic Co., Ltd
Suunto Oy
Liesheng HK Limited
Suunto Sports Tech Co. Ltd
Suunto Sports Tech (Dongguan) Co. Ltd
Categories of personal data collected, the purposes of the processing and legal basis for the processing
X
X
X
Retention of data
X
X
X
Sharing personal data and transfers of personal data to China and other countries outside of EU and EEA
X
X
X
X
X
Security and confidentiality of processing by each joint controller
X
X
X
X
X
Single contact point for data subjects
X
Performance of your data protection rights and requests in relation to processing by each joint controller
X
X
X
X
X
2
CONTACT INFORMATION OF SUUNTO IN DATA PROTECTION MATTERS
Suunto Oy is your single point of contact, when you want to access your personal data or otherwise use your data protection rights, make requests and questions about processing of your personal data by any of the controllers. At this point of contact, you can also contact Suunto Oy´s data protection officer:
Name of the controller
Suunto Oy
Address
Tammiston kauppatie 7 A, 01510 Vantaa, Finland
Email
privacy@suunto.com
Users may also exercise their data protection rights by contacting any of the joint controllers directly.
3
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND THE DATA SOURCES
The categories of personal data and examples or related data types We collect, and the sources of data are explained below. The detailed data types We collec
t of you
depend on the product, Service, site, or application you use.
Data Category
Data Sources
Data types
Account data
Collected from you or from Facebook, Apple, or Google if you register with their credentials
·
Basic Data
such as
name, email, phone numbers, account creation date, birthdate, country code, time zone, language preference; username, password, user rights; name and contact information of the guardian of a child (if consent of the guardian is required by the applicable laws); data of the customer contract, orders, confirmations, suspensions, and termination.
·
Presentation data
such as nickname, profile photo, or picture
·
Third party service account information
such as your account name and unique token to connect to the Services with which you have decided to share activities
·
Consents and objections
to personal data processing
Customer relationship data (CRM Data)
Collected from you and Suunto´s resellers and partners
·
Customer communication
with you: such as customer feedback, customer satisfaction survey data, complaints; chat logs and support tickets and customer service call recordings, other messages, and other content you send when you communicate with Us
·
Purchase data
from Suunto´s Online Store reseller Global-e NL B.V: name, email address, phone number, items purchased, shipping address, payment and delivery data (except for payment data such as credit card number details), data of your Value Pack discounts and other contractual benefits
·
Customer profiles and segments
generated based on statistical analysis of data specified in this Privacy Policy of you and other customers. Health Data or other data belonging to special categories of personal data (i.e., sensitive data) is not used to generate profiles and segments.
Device Data
Collected from your device
·
Technical information of the devices you use or have connected to the Services, e.g., a sport watch, dive computer or any other connected products including without limitation device and device capabilities, the device operating system, the other applications on Your device, cookie information, IP address, device network provider, device type, time zone, network status, browser type, browser identifier, unique device identification number (such as identifiers for analytics or advertising), network provider user ID (a number uniquely allocated to You by Your network provider), Media Access Control (MAC) address, mobile advertising identifier
Usage Data
Collected from your device using cookies, advertising identifiers, etc.
·
Browsing and usage data of Internet and mobile Services
·
Your social activities in the Services such as comments and likes you make, photos and videos you upload to the Services, users you follow and who follow you
Please see how We collect Usage Data with cookies: https://www.suunto.com/en-gb/legal-pages/cookies/
Sport and Exercise Data
Collected from your device and the environment
·
Sport Data
which is specific data for sport such as activity type, ski runs, dive time, max depth, bottom temperature, dive mode, gas type, start pressure,
·
Exercise data
such as activity type, date, time, description, duration, distance, speed, pace, cadence, calorie consumption, altitude, temperature, weather conditions, barometric data, pedalling power, swimming strokes, feeling
Health Data
Collected from you and your device
·
Personal physiological metrics such as height, weight, gender, heart rate, recovery time, PTE (personal training effect), EPOC (excess post-exercise oxygen consumption), sleep, fitness level (VO2max, maximal oxygen consumption)
Location data
Collected from Your device
·
Mobile-connected GPS tracking data such as recorded track during activity, planned routes, location of photos or videos, approximate location of indoor activities,
·
Our mobile applications collect location data to enable mobile-connected GPS tracking with certain devices,
even when mobile applications are closed or not in use
. For example, Suunto app collects location data to enable mobile-connected GPS tracking with Suunto 3, even when the app is closed or not in use
Event Participation Data
Collected from You
·
Contact data and other data as required upon registration to events
Marketing Data
Collected from you or your device
·
Marketing activities aimed at you,
·
Data of your subscription and use of newsletters,
·
Consents, prohibitions, restrictions, and authorisations given by the data subject for direct marketing including profiling,
·
Your interests,
·
Information about the advertisements displayed and clicks on the ads; the page from which the user has accessed Our website, collected by Us using cookies, advertising identifiers, and similar technology
Please see how We collect data with cookies: https://www.suunto.com/en-gb/legal-pages/cookies/
4
PURPOSES AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
We process the collected personal data for the following purposes and on the following legal basis:
Purpose of processing
Data processed
Legal basis for processing
·
To identify you as a user and make sure that you are old enough to use the Service,
·
To create and manage your accounts, contracts, and orders,
·
To process delivery of your product purchase and any requests by you to return or replace a product
·
Account Data,
·
Purchase Data
·
CRM Data
·
Performance of the contract
·
To measure, analyse, and report to you your activities, performance and fitness levels
·
Sport Data
·
Health Data
·
Exercise Data
·
Location Data
·
Device Data
·
Your consent for processing Health Data, Device Data, and Location Data
·
Our legitimate interest based on the customer relationship
·
To provide you with other digital Services, for example sharing and making your data visible as you request in the Service settings, facilitate social activities with other users, showing you content etc.
·
To personalize the content and functionality of the digital Services
·
To supply warranty, repair and other product maintenance Services
·
To supply software updates
·
To manage and develop the customer relationship, customer communications by letter, telephone, email, SMS or other electronic means, e.g., sending incident alerts, customer satisfaction and other customer surveys
·
Account Data
·
CRM Data
·
Device Data
·
Usage Data
·
Our legitimate interest based on the customer relationship,
·
Your consent for processing Device Data, and Location Data, and for
the use of cookies
·
To provide customer support and help in case you have problems with the Service
·
All the data categories necessary to solve your request
·
Our legitimate interest based on the customer relationship,
·
Your consent for processing Health Data, Device Data, and Location Data
·
To implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure security of personal data and communication
·
Account Data
·
Device Data
·
Usage Data
·
Location Data
·
CRM Data
·
Legal obligations under data protection legislation
·
To prevent and investigate fraud, other criminal offences, and misuse of the Service
·
Account Data
·
Device Data
·
Usage Data
·
Location Data
·
CRM Data
·
Our legitimate interest
·
To develop and improve Our products and Services
·
Device Data
·
Usage Data
·
CRM Data
·
Sport and Exercise Data
·
Our legitimate interest based on the customer relationship
·
To target and send direct marketing for example advertisements, newsletters, market and opinion surveys by letter and telephone, or by e-mail, SMS, or by other electronic means in the case of products and services similar to those purchased by the Customer
·
Marketing Data
·
CRM Data
·
Our legitimate interest based on the customer relationship,
·
Your consent for use of cookies
·
To target and send electronic direct marketing in other cases than above
·
Marketing Data
·
CRM Data
·
Your consent
·
To target and show you on-line and in-app advertisement like push notifications by Us, or third parties when you use the Service
·
Marketing Data
·
CRM Data
Device Data
·
Usage Data
·
Location data
·
Our legitimate interest based on the customer relationship,
·
Your consent for processing Device Data, and Location Data, and for the use of cookies
·
To arrange promotions, sweepstakes, competitions, and other events and deliver awards
·
Event Participation Data
·
Our legitimate interest based on the customer relationship
·
To comply with legal obligations in accounting and tax legislation
·
Basic Data
·
Purchase Data
·
Our legal obligation
We do not make any decisions based solely on automated processing which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you (Article 22 of the General Data Protection Regulation).
5
WHAT DATA ABOUT ME IS VISIBLE TO OTHER USERS
Social features are a core component of our Service. Other users may, for example, see your profile data, activities (exercises) and read the messages and other content you have posted. By default, all your data is private, except your public profile, which allows your friends to find you. You can freely decide what information you add to your profile page.
A public profile is visible in the whole Sports Tracker Community when searched by name or email. This means that when you add data to your public profile in one of the applications in the Sports Tracker Community, your public profile is also visible in the other applications. Your profile page displays the following data publicly:
•
Name
•
Username
•
Description
•
Profile picture and background photo
•
People you follow and people who follow you
•
Total distance, split by sports
•
Total activities (exercises)
•
List of your activities (exercises) that are set to Public
Visibility of an activity (exercise or workout) means the sharing setting of each tracked or logged activity. For simplicity and clarity, the default visibility for your activities (exercises) is Private. There are three visibility options you can choose from:
•
Public: Anyone can view and comment on your activity (exercise). Any user that browses public workouts can find and view the activity (exercise).
•
Followers: Only followers can view and comment on your activity (exercise). Users that do not follow you cannot find or open the activity (exercise).
•
Private: Your activities are visible only to you.
In order to create certain anonymous data such as heatmaps of tracks frequently used by users there may be certain features which allow you to enable the collection of certain location data during your activities (exercises) as specified in the applicable visibility options.
Moreover, there may also be certain features which allow you to enable automatic collection of certain location data from your device to the app when your device becomes connected to the app.
In addition to the above, you can also choose to share your activity in an external service, like Facebook. In this case a special link to your activity is created, and anyone following that link can access the activity (exercise).
Leaderboard view displays weekly total information of you and the persons you follow. Likewise, people you have accepted to follow you can see your information:
•
Name
•
Total duration of all activities
•
Other information identified in the Leaderboard within the app
Please note that different apps and versions may have different visibility configurations.
6
ADVERTISING AND SOCIAL MEDIA PARTNERS
If you decide to use your Facebook account and credentials for your log in to the Services, We will receive data such as your name, email address, birth date, gender and profile photo and friends list (to inform you which of your friends have already joined or later join the Services) from Facebook. If you wish not to provide Us with such information, you will need to amend the privacy settings on your Facebook account, so please review the applicable privacy statements and instructions from Facebook for further information.
Our website uses social media functions (i.e. social plug-ins), for example Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube buttons that take you to community pages held by the Us. When you use these social plugins, social media services share user data with Us in accordance with their privacy policies and user consents, e.g. comments and links on Suunto websites shared by the user in the media, as well as information contained in the user's public profile.
Social plugins are the responsibility of the social media partner. They are responsible for compliance with data protection legislation and for implementing data security and the rights of the users of their services.
We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
We process personal data obtained through Our social media sites on the basis of legitimate interest only for Our own purposes, such as informing about new products, services or offers, conducting competitions and sweepstakes, receiving feedback, purchasing advertising from a social media service, measuring the availability of pages or advertisements, or customer service on community pages. We do not process data outside social media, and the data they share will not be combined with Our other data without the user's consent.
Our mobile applications include features from Our partners, such as social media interaction tools, functionalities through application programming interfaces (APIs) or software development kits (SDKs) and in-app advertising. A list of these partners is available at suunto.com. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices. These partners may access data regarding your activities and your device (such as your IP address, mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).
We may also combine and share data We have collected about you with these third-party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this data (and similar data collected from other services) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third-party services within their networks. These partners may operate under their own privacy policies. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioural advertising.”
If you prefer not to share your personal data with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions in Section “9 YOUR ACCESS, RECTIFICATION AND OTHER RIGHTS” below.
7
VALUE PACK AND OTHER SUUNTO PARTNERS
We have partnered up with the leading product and service providers in the sports and wellbeing industry as well as a few other selected companies to ensure your training & outdoor experience is enhanced to the max. The partners offer a range of features and functionalities all the way from training planning & analysis to tracking your performance and reliving your activities – and sharing your adventures to the communities you belong.
If you connect your account with Our Value Pack partners or other partners, your personal Exercise, Location and other data will be shared and synchronized with the partner as explained upon connection. Sharing and synchronization is based on your consent. A list of these partners is available at https://www.suunto.com/en-gb/partners/partners/. These partners operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices before you connect to their services.
8
OTHER DATA SHARING AND TRANSFERS
Personal data regarding individuals who reside in a country or region other than mainland China that is controlled or jointly controlled by Suunto Oy, is stored on servers in EEA.
For individuals in mainland China, your personal data is collected and controlled by Suunto Sports Technology Co., Ltd and stored on servers in mainland China.
We may share your personal data with Our affiliates who are joint controllers as explained in Section 1 above.
We may also share your personal data with other companies when it is necessary for the purposes specified in this privacy policy, for example to transportation companies for the delivery, and to payment service provide
r
s for the processing the payment of the agreed products or Services.
In addition, your personal data may be disclosed to other parties when it is necessary to fulfil Our rights and legal obligations, in connection with legal proceedings, at the request of authorities or as part of business arrangements. Otherwise, personal data will not be disclosed to other parties without your consent.
We will transmit your personal data to following external subcontractors when it is necessary for them to perform services on Our behalf:
•
Providers of data analyzation tools and services, for example for analysing your interests and finding possible problems with the Service and connected devices,
•
Providers of marketing communications tools and services for communicating with you in the service, for example, to provide you information about new features,
•
Providers of customer survey tools and services to request your feedback about our products and Services,
•
Customer service providers to provide you help and support in case you have problems with our products and Services,
•
Providers of marketing tools and services who assist Us with marketing and advertising our products and Services,
•
ICT service providers
Each subcontractor processes personal data only to the extent necessary for the performance of the subcontractor's tasks. Subcontractors are bound by written agreements with Us on the processing of personal data, including conditions concerning confidentiality and data security.
When We transfer personal data to recipients outside of EU and EEA, to countries where the level of data protection has not been accepted by European Commission (adequacy decision), We shall use following safeguards to ensure adequate level of data protection:
·
Transfers to USA to recipients certified in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework and/or to other recipients by concluding written agreements using standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission 4 June 2021 (“the SCC”) or by other lawful procedure specified in Chapter V of the GDPR. The SCC can be found at:
https://commission.europa.eu/publications/standard-contractual-clauses-international-transfers_en
·
Transfers to China and other countries by concluding written agreements with the recipients using the SCC
and applicable supplementary measures
or by other lawful procedure specified in Chapter V of the GDPR.
9
DATA SECURITY AND RETENTION
Only those persons who need the personal data to perform their work can access the data. The personnel and subcontractors processing the data are bound by confidentiality obligations.
Manual material is stored in locked premises protected by physical access control and CCTV surveillance. Electronically stored data is protected by firewalls and anti-virus malware software, access rights management and control, logging, and secured data connections, encryption of databases and servers as well as data backups.
Your data will be stored as long as you have an account in the
S
ervices and for a period of one year thereafter. After that your data can be kept
until all the contractual or statutory rights and obligations between the parties have been fulfilled, expired or terminated. The retention and liability periods defined in the
applicable accounting or other laws or regulations may require Us to store the data for a longer period.
Health data and other data processed based on your consent, can be processed for as long as the consent is valid. For example, data collected with cookies will be deleted in accordance with the retention periods indicated in connection with cookie consents.
Unless you have objected to our marketing or withdrawn your relevant consent or cancelled your newsletter subscription, marketing data can be kept permanently.
Backups of the data are kept according to normal storage and deletion schedules.
Anonymised data from which a person is not personally identifiable may be stored permanently.
We assess the need for the retention of personal data on a regular basis and take reasonable measures to ensure that no incompatible, outdated, or incorrect personal data is retained.
10
YOUR ACCESS, RECTIFICATION AND OTHER RIGHTS
You have a right to access to and get a copy of data processed by Us when it relates to you, and to request the rectification or erasure of incorrect, outdated, unnecessary, or unlawful data.
You have a right to withdraw the consent you have previously given to the processing of your personal data. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing that took place before the withdrawal.
You can also unsubscribe from the newsletter and opt out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails, opinion polls and market research including related profiling from Us by following the instructions in such communications or by changing your in-app settings. The updated settings may not be effective immediately. Note that you may still continue to receive non-promotional customer communications from Us, such as communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy.
You can withdraw your consent for the use of cookies at Our website
www.suunto.com
by clicking Cookie Settings.
You may at any time opt-out from receiving push notifications through Our mobile applications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
You may grant
O
ur mobile applications access to
specific
features on your Android device, including call logs (to enable phone call notifications on your Suunto device), contact list (to display caller information on your Suunto device), camera (to operate your
Android
device's camera through
Our mobile applications
) and music and audio (to
manage
playback
through
your Suunto device). These permissions are optional and can be modified
or revoked
at any time through your device’s settings.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and turning off “Allow Apps to Request to Track” or selecting "Limit Ad Tracking" (Apple iOS) or "Opt-out of Interest Based Ads" (Android). You can also opt out from personalized in-app offers through the options provided in the mobile applications settings (where applicable).
If you have provided personal data to Us and the processing is based on consent or a contract, you have a right to receive this data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and the right to transmit the data to another controller in accordance with current legislation.
When the processing of personal data is based on legitimate interest (e.g., processing related to the management of a customer relationship), you have a right to object to the processing of your data on grounds relating to your particular situation. In connection with the request, you need to specify the particular situation on which the objection is based.
If you disagree on the accuracy of your data or the lawfulness of the processing, and in other situations defined by law, you can have the processing of your personal data be restricted, such as the total or partial suspension of the processing of your data until the disagreement has been clarified and resolved.
You can use the rights explained above by sending requests in writing or by e-mail to Suunto Oy (contact details are presented in Section 2 above or by presenting them to Our customer service. If necessary, We may ask you to specify your request in writing and to prove your identity.
You have also a right to lodge a complaint about the processing of personal data with the Data Protection Ombudsman.
Ireland
Currency:  € (EUR)
Shipping only to Ireland
Sub-policy 10
https://uk.wahoofitness.com/privacy-policy:
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Privacy Policy and Imprint
Effective as of March 28, 2024
Introduction
Wahoo Fitness LLC, and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively referred to herein as “Wahoo Fitness”, “we”, “our” or “us”), recognizes the importance of protecting personal data we may collect from visitors and any other individual or entity (“Users”, “you”, or “your”) who visit our web sites. This Privacy Policy applies to data collected by Wahoo Fitness, its subsidiary companies, and the companies through which it does business, including Wahoo Fitness (UK) Limited. This Privacy Policy shall also apply to your use of the websites, www.wahoofitness.com, www.systm.wahoofitness.com and other Wahoo Fitness-related sites, applications, software, communications, capabilities and services (“Services”) accessible on or by any top-level Wahoo Fitness domain owned by us (each, a “Site” and collectively the “Sites”), but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy.
Our Privacy Policy explains: (1) what information we collect; (2) why we collect it; (3) how we use that information; (4) how we may share it; (5) the choices we offer to you concerning your personal data, including how to access and update information; (6) and the measures we take to keep your information safe. Specifically, our Privacy Policy covers the following topics:
When This Privacy Policy Applies
Terms of Use
Information We Collect
Information Collected Related to California Residents
How We Use Information We Collect
Our Legal Basis for Collecting Personal Information
Your Failure to Provide Personal Information
Our Retention of Your Personal Information
Sharing Personal Information
Sale of Personal Information
Your Rights and Choices
Rights Specific to Californians
Jurisdiction Specific State Rights
Rights Specific to European Union Residents
Rights Specific to Brazilian Residents
Exercising Your Rights
Our Opt-in/Opt-out Policy
Third Party Links
International Transfer
How We Protect Personal Information
Children
Direct Marketing and “Do Not Track” Signals
Wahoo Fitness Partners
Klarna Financing
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Please familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. By using the Sites and our Services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites or Services.
Irrespective of which country you live in, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your information in the United States and any other country where we operate. In some of these countries, the privacy and data protection laws and rules regarding when government authorities may access data may vary from those in the country where you live. Learn more about our data transfer operations in the “International Transfer” section below. If you do not agree to the transfer, storage and use of your information in the United States or any other country where we operate, please do not use the Sites or Services.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please submit a request to privacy@wahoofitness.com.
When this Privacy Policy Applies
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the Services offered by Wahoo Fitness and its affiliates, including some Wahoo Fitness Partners, and Services offered on other sites, but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you, or other sites linked from our Services or third-party sites and applications that you authorized to be used with our Services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise on our Services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
Terms of Use
By accessing or using the Sites in any manner, you also agree to be bound by Wahoo Fitness’s Terms of Use (the “Terms”), available at https://www.wahoofitness.com/terms-of-service. Please read the Terms carefully. If you do not accept all of the terms and conditions contained in or incorporated by reference into the Terms, please do not use the Sites.
Information We Collect
We collect information, including personal data, to provide better services to all our Users. We use the term “Personal Data” to refer to any information that identifies or can be used to identify you. Common examples of Personal Data include: full name, email address, digital identity, such as a login name or handle, information about your device, and certain metadata.
“Sensitive Personal Data” refers to a smaller subset of Personal Data which is considered more sensitive to the individual, such as race and ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic or biometric information, physical or mental health information, medical insurance data, or sexual orientation.
When you use our Services, we collect Personal Data in the following ways:
Information You Give to Us
Personal Data You Provide to Use Our Sites
You may choose to provide us with Personal Data about yourself, including your name and email address, by completing forms on our Sites, or when creating and signing into your account for the Services. You may also choose to provide us with employment and education information when you apply for a job at Wahoo Fitness via our Sites. In conjunction with our financial services partners, we will also collect financial data such as payment card details and bank account numbers in order to process transactions for certain Services.
In some instances, you may elect to provide us with location and address information. You may also provide us with Personal Data about yourself when you report a problem or have a question about our Services.
The Sites offer interactive and social features that permit you to submit content and communicate with us. You may provide Personal Data to us when you post information in these interactive and social features. Please note that your postings in these areas of the Sites may be publicly accessible or accessible to other Users.
Personal Data You Provide to Use Our Services
You must provide certain Personal Data when creating an account to use our Services, such as your name, email address, username and password.
In addition, in order to improve your experience with the Services, you may choose to provide additional information such as your gender, birth date, height, weight, location (country), physical activity, heart rate, eating habits, training and athletic information (such as your functional threshold power). You can choose not to provide certain Personal Data, but then you may not be able to register for the Services or take advantage of some features of the Services.
When your device syncs with Wahoo Fitness’s application, certain data recorded on your device is transferred from your device to our servers. That data includes activity information relating to your use of our Services, including but not limited to workout time and distance, heart rate of power data, and other metrics.
When you engage in virtual cycling activities via our Services, certain Personal Data you provide when signing up for the Services (your name, your avatar, your age, certain activity information and/or information derived from your Personal Data or from your use of our Services (e.g., watts/kg), is shared publicly to other activity participants. Accordingly, please take care when creating your account and selecting your personal details.
Information We Automatically Obtain from Your Use of Our Sites and Services
We collect certain information about you automatically when you use our Sites and Services, such as your operating system version, browser type, and internet service provider. We also collect information about your interaction with the Sites and Services, such as the act of creating or logging into your account or opening or interacting with the Sites or Services. When you use our Sites, we automatically collect and store this information in service logs. The service log information helps us bug fix and solve problems. This service log information includes: the details of your device, app version, network provider, and operating equipment used to access our Sites or Services; details of how you used our Sites or Services including the pages viewed and interacted with; details about the training equipment you used with our Sites and Services; Internet protocol address; cookies that uniquely identify your browser; the referring web page; and pages visited. We may also collect and process information about your actual location. The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may or may not include Personal Data, but we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Data we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. More specific information about the location and device information we obtain from your use of our Sites and Services follows.
Location Data
Wahoo Fitness may collect information about your location when you use our Sites and Services. Your location can be determined by your IP address and information about things near your device, such as Wi-Fi access points and cell towers and GPS satellites. When you use our Services via a wireless device, we may solicit your permission to collect your location data. Some features within our application (such as navigation and mapping functionality) may only function upon confirmation of your location, and therefore such features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data to us. The specificity of the location data collected may depend on a number of factors, including the device you are using (e.g., laptop, smartphone, or tablet) and how you are connected to the Internet or your location data is being provided (e.g., via cable broadband connection, Wi-Fi, or GPS). If you enable location services for our mobile application, we may collect location data periodically as you use or leave open our mobile application. We may associate such location data with Personal Data you provide to us.
Depending on the platform you use to access our Services (e.g., Apple’s iOS or Google’s Android), you may be able to control whether location data is collected from within “Settings” or other controls on your wireless device or the Applications mobile application.
Device ID
When using our Services, we or our service provider may collect your unique device ID. We may use such information for internal purposes and to provide you a better experience, such as to troubleshoot application problems you may experience. We may associate device ID with personal information you provide to us. You may learn more about opt out of any anonymous device ID collection via the privacy settings available within your mobile device.
Training Information
When using our Services or Products, certain information is collected about your activities which enables us to provide you with the fitness or training information. The type of activity you have conducted, the time of the activity, wheel revolutions, power cycles (startup count), power ranges, shifting patterns, tilt data, or buttons you pressed on your Product or device may all be tracked to help us better provide you with the Services and the functions the Products were designed to offer.
Social Networking
When using our Services or when using certain third-party social networking and fitness services (for example, Facebook or Twitter or Strava) (each a “Social Network”), you may have the option to connect your Wahoo Fitness information or activity with that Social Network and its users, and to access certain of your Social Network information, as disclosed to you at the time you consent to the connection. Information we may share with a Social Network may include, but is not limited to, technical information about your Wahoo Fitness activity. Information we may access about you, with your consent, from a Social Network, may include, but is not limited to, your basic Social Network information, your location data, your lists of contacts, friends and followers, and certain information about your activities on the Social Network. If you permit a connection between a Social Network and Wahoo Fitness, we and that Social Network may be able to identify you and to associate information received pursuant to that connection with information we already have about you. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and privacy control options of any Social Network with which you choose to share information or to connect a Wahoo Fitness Service.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit one of our services, and this may include using cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device. We also use these technologies to collect and store information when you interact with services from our partners, such as advertising services. Our third-party advertising and analytics partners include Google, Facebook and similar partners.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies
. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of our services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our services. For more information about our use of cookies, including details on how to opt-out of certain cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Web Beacons
. Pages of our services or our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count Users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Clickstream Data
. Clickstream data is information collected by our computers when you request web pages from the Sites. Clickstream data may include information such as the page served, the time spent viewing the page, source of the request, type of browser making the request, the preceding page viewed and similar information. Clickstream data permits us to analyze how visitors arrive at the Sites, what type of content is popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content on the Sites.
More information on the specific cookies that we use on our Sites is available at
https://www.wahoofitness.com/cookie-policy
.
Information Collected Related to California Residents
During the last twelve (12) months, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers.
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, telephone number, date of birth, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, user account information.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history and disciplinary action, professional memberships, employee reference checks, trade union membership, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age, nationality, racial or ethnic origin marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation.
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, heart rate, height, weight , gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
YES
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application logs, device data and registration, social media account information or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
YES
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations; disciplinary action, professional memberships, employee reference checks, and trade union membership
YES
J. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
How We Use Information We Collect
We use your Personal Data in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or authorized by you, including for the following purposes:
To present, operate or improve the Site and Services, including analysis of Site activity and the collection of workout and ranking information relating to your use of the Services;
To process and fulfill transactions for products and Services you have purchased from us.
To inform you about Services and products available from Wahoo Fitness;
To authorize access to our Sites and Services;
To maintain, administer or expand the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to support, improve or enhance our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
To offer and administer programs;
To customize or tailor your experience of the Services;
To administer content, promotion, sweepstakes, surveys, voting polls or other Site features;
To communicate about, and administer your participation in, special programs, surveys, contests, online campaigns, online programs, sweepstakes, and other offers or promotions, and to deliver pertinent emails about the Services and Sites;
To improve our Site and Services;
To secure our Services, including to authenticate Users;
To use statistical information that we collect in any way permitted by law, including from third parties in connection with their commercial and marketing efforts;
To respond to and support Users regarding their use of the Sites and Services;
To comply with all applicable legal requirements;
To enforce our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, and other agreements;
To perform data analysis and testing;
To investigate possible fraud or other violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and/or attempts to harm our Users;
To resolve disputes (which may include disputes related to virtual cycling races, as further detailed below); and/or
To otherwise fulfill the purpose for which the information was provided.
We use the information we collect from our Sites to provide, maintain, and improve them, to develop new services, and to protect our company and our Users. When you participate in virtual cycling simulation via our Services, a selection of your Personal Data (primarily results and performance-based information) may be shared with the public, race participants, and/or other third parties solely to provide event and series results standings. If you are reported for or suspected of data manipulation for the purpose of enhancing your performance in virtual events, we will share your data associated with competition and performance solely for the purposes of analysis by third parties.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. We may use your Personal Data to see which web pages you visit at our Site, which website you visited before coming to our Site, and where you go after you leave our Site. We can then develop statistics that help us understand how our visitors use our Site and how to improve it. We may also use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Our Legal Basis for Collecting Personal Data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
Identity
Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To recover money owed to us and to fulfill your order for the products and Services you purchased from us which will include:
Managing payments, fees, and charges
Collecting and recovering money owed to us
Fulfilling the delivery of the products and Services you ordered and diagnosing issues with the products and Services
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests
To provide you with analytical information about your workout through the use of our apps
Identity
Biometric data
Performance of a contract with you
Consent
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy notice
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in an event, prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
Consent
To administer and protect our business, our Services, and our Sites (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganization or group restructuring exercise)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To manage our after-sales relationship with you, including:
Assisting you with warranty issues
Contacting you in relation to a product recall
Identity
Contact
Profile
Transaction
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Consent
To evaluate potential employee candidates and conduct hiring decisions
Employment history
Educational background
Professional memberships
Trade union membership
Employee reference checks
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
In each circumstance, we will weigh the necessity of our processing for the purpose listed against your privacy and confidentiality interests, including taking into account your reasonable expectations, the impact of processing, and any safeguards which are or could be put in place. In all circumstances, we will limit such processing for our legitimate business interest to what is necessary for its purposes.
Your Failure to Provide Personal Information
Your provision of Personal Information is required in order to use certain parts of our services and our programs. If you fail to provide such Personal Information, you may not be able to access and use our Services and/or our programs, or parts of our Services and/or our programs.
Our Retention of Your Personal Information
With respect to any Personal Information that is necessary to provide the Services to you and others, we will retain such information as long as it is necessary to provide the Services to you and others, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. For the sake of clarity, information associated with your account, such as your purchase history, customer support history, workout history and profile, is necessary to provide the Services to you and will be kept until you request that your account be deleted. Personal Information you provide that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide the Services may be de-identified or aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights into the use of our Services. Additionally, we may retain some Personal Information as necessary to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce Wahoo’s Terms of Service, and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Sharing Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for one or more business purposes:
Identifiers;
California Customer Records Personal Information categories;
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law;
Commercial information;
Biometric Information;
Internet or other network activity information;
Geolocation Data;
Sensory Data;
Professional or employment-related information.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We disclose your Personal Information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates;
Commercial providers;
Enterprise accounts, such as your employer;
Products and Services offered by us may be fulfilled by third parties, and in that case, we may share information with them for order fulfillment, diagnostics and other purposes related to your transaction; and
Service providers and other third parties we use to support our business, including without limitation those performing core services (such as billing, credit card processing, customer support services, customer relationship management, accounting, auditing, administering sweepstakes, surveys, advertising and marketing, analytics, email and mailing services, data storage, and security) related to the operation of our business and/or the Services, and making certain functionalities available to our Users;
Third parties to which you or your agents authorize us to disclose your Personal Information in connection with the Services we provide to you.
We may disclose your Personal Information for legal reasons. Specifically, we will share Personal Information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Wahoo Fitness if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Fulfill any purpose for which you provide it;
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
Enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations;
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Wahoo Fitness, our Users or the public as required or permitted by law;
For any other purpose disclosed when you provide the information; and
When we obtain your consent to do so.
We attempt to notify Users about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand.
We may disclose your Personal Information in the event of a business transfer or as part of diligence relating to a potential business transfer, but only provided appropriate contractual safeguards are in place to prevent the further disclosure, dissemination, or use of your Personal Information. If we establish a new related entity, are acquired by, or merged with another organization, or if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another organization, Personal Information about our Users is often a transferred business asset. In the event that Wahoo Fitness itself or substantially all of our assets are acquired, Personal Information about our Users may be one of the transferred assets.
Wahoo Fitness may compile and share your information in aggregated form (i.e., in a manner that would not personally identify you) or in de-identified form so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual (“De-Identified Information”). We may disclose such de-identified information publicly and to third parties, or to Wahoo Fitness Partners under agreement with us.
Sale of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any Personal Information.
Your Rights and Choices
You may have certain rights relating to your Personal Information, subject to local data protection law. Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with choices about how we use your personal data. We also aim to provide you with access to your Personal Information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. Subject to applicable law, you may obtain a copy of Personal Information we maintain about you or you may update or correct inaccuracies in that information by contacting us. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the information. In addition, if you believe that Personal Information we maintain about you is inaccurate, subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request that we correct or amend the information by contacting us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section below.
Rights Specific to California Residents
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents have specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes Californians’ rights and explains how California residents can exercise those rights.
Below we further outline specific rights which California residents may have under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Right to Access Your Data.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
Right to Data Portability.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for exercising your privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Right to Delete Your Data.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for exercising your privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Right to Opt Out of Selling Your Personal Information with Third Parties and the Right to Opt Out of Sharing Your Personal Information with Third Parties.
California residents have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information by Wahoo to third parties. To exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, please visit our “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” page linked at the bottom of our website.
Right to Request Data about Third Party Sharing:
California residents are entitled to contact us to request information about whether we have disclosed Personal Information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Under the California “Shine the Light” law, California residents may opt-out of our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. California users may request further information about our compliance with this law by contacting us at privacy@wahoofitness.com or by writing to us at the address listed in the “How to Contact Us” section.
Rights Specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Montana, New Jersey, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Utah Residents
Under applicable state laws, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah residents have specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the rights of residents of those states. Elsewhere in this policy we explain how you can exercise these rights.
Right to Access Your Data.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
Right to Data Portability.
You have the right to a “portable” copy of your Personal Information that you have submitted to us. Generally, this means you have a right to request that we move, copy, or transmit your Personal Information stored on our servers or information technology environment to another service provider’s servers or information technology environment.
Right to Delete Your Data.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for exercising your privacy rights conferred by your state's Consumer Privacy Act.
Right to Opt Out of Selling Your Personal Information with Third Parties and the Right to Opt Out of Sharing Your Personal Information with Third Parties.
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by Wahoo to third parties. To exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, please visit our “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” page linked at the bottom of our website.
Right to Request Data about Third Party Sharing:
You are entitled to contact us to request information about whether we have disclosed Personal Information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. You may opt out of our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may request further information about our compliance with this law by contacting us at privacy@wahoofitness.com or by writing to us at the address listed in the “How to Contact Us” section.
Rights Specific to Oregon Residents
In addition to the rights listed immediately above, Oregon residents also have the following additional rights
Right to Know:
Oregon Residents have the right to know that a controller is processing or has processed their data, as well as the categories of personal data the controller is processing or has processed. Oregon residents can also obtain a copy of all the personal data that the controller has processed or is processing.
Right to Revoke:
Oregon residents have the right to revoke their consent to process personal data within 15 days after providing consent. Oregon residents may exercise their right to revoke during the 15day period in the following ways:
For marketing/advertising-related data processing:
At any time, you can follow the link provided in offers, newsletters, or other email and text messages received from us to elect not to receive our marketing or advertising emails or texts. You cannot unsubscribe from transactional communications from us, such as messages confirming your purchase. In addition to the opt-out options provided within marketing and advertising messages you receive from us, you can contact us through the online portal and request to opt-out of your consent.
For Cookies:
To revoke your consent to processing your data via cookies, please configure your web browser to manage cookies to your preference. Please read the “help” section of your browser or visit the guide at www.aboutcookies.org for more information on this process.
For Location Services data:
You may be able to control whether location data is collected from within the “Settings” or other controls on your device or the mobile application. Note that revoking access to location services data will limit or prevent your ability to access certain services provided by our apps and devices.
For Biometric Data including height, weight, gender, heart rate, power, caloric expenditure, and sleep data:
Height, Weight, and Gender:
It is not possible to utilize any of our applications without providing this information. If you wish to revoke consent to process this data, please file a
deletion request
, and your app profiles will be deleted. This data is not processed by our webstore and is not required to visit or conduct transactions on our webstore.
Power, Heart rate, and Caloric Expenditure Data:
If you wish to revoke consent to process this data, please unpair or disconnect any sensor that provides this data to the Wahoo Fitness app, SYSTM, or your ELEMNT cycling device. Common sensors that provide this data would include but are not limited to: smart bikes, smart trainers, power meters, and heart rate monitors. Note that unpairing certain sensors could limit or prevent the use of our applications.
Sleep Data:
If you wish to revoke consent to process this data, please launch the ELEMNT app, pair your Rival watch to the ELEMNT app, go to settings -> my 24/7 data-> then toggle sleep tracking to “off.”
Financial information including past purchase history, payment card details, and bank account numbers:
We do not offer the ability to revoke this information, as retention of this data is required by law is necessary to perform our contract with you, and/or is integral to our business records and functions.
Sharing of workout Data to 3rd parties (Strava/TrainingPeaks etc) for activity processing:
Wahoo Fitness app
ELEMNT App
SYSTM App
Rights Specific to European Union Residents
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), and corresponding legislation in the United Kingdom and Switzerland, provide European, Switzerland and United Kingdom residents with certain rights in connection with Personal Data you have shared with us. If you are resident in the European Economic Area, you may have the following rights:
The right to be informed.
You are entitled to be informed of the use of your Personal Data. This Privacy Policy provides such information to you.
The right of access.
You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data which we hold about you.
The right of correction:
You have the right to request correction or changes of your Personal Data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date.
The right to be forgotten:
You have the right to request us, at any time, to delete your Personal Data from our servers and to erase your Personal Data when it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data. Note, however, that deletion of your Personal Data will likely impact your ability to use our services.
The right to object (opt-out):
You have the right to opt-out of certain uses of your Personal Data, such as direct marketing, at any time.
The right to data portability:
You have the right to a “portable” copy of your Personal Data that you have submitted to us. Generally, this means your right to request that we move, copy or transmit your Personal Data stored on our servers / IT environment to another service provider’s servers / IT environment.
The right to refuse to be subjected to automated decision making, including profiling:
You have the right not to be subject to a decision and insist on human intervention if the decision is based on automated processing and produces a legal effect or a similarly significant effect on you.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
You may also have the right to make a GDPR complaint to the relevant Supervisory Authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
Rights Specific to Brazilian Residents
If you are habitually located in Brazil, you have rights under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD), including the right to access, rectify, download, or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. You can find more information about how to exercise these rights in the section above entitled “Rights Specific to European Union Residents.”
The LGPD requires us to have legal bases to collect, use, share and otherwise process information about you. You can find a description of the legal bases we rely on by reviewing the above section entitled  “Our Legal Basis for Collecting Personal Data.”
Exercising Your Rights
If you are U.S. resident with rights specific to your state, a European Union resident or Brazilian resident who chooses to exercise your rights, you can:
Submit a request via the
online portal
; or
Call 1(877) 978-1112 to submit your request.
You may also designate an agent to exercise your privacy rights on your behalf. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government-issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification.
Our Response to Your Request
Upon receiving your request, we will confirm receipt of your request by sending you an email. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the information. In some instances, such as a request to delete personal information, we may first separately confirm that you would like for us to in fact delete your personal information before acting on your request.
We will respond to your request within forty-five (45) days. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process Personal Information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, listed below, or because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will inform you of specific details in response to your request.
We may deny your deletion request or retain certain limited Personal Data of yours if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
All customers may update or correct information about yourself by making changes to your profile or submitting a request via
our online portal
. If you completely delete all such information, then your account will become deactivated and any exercise information associated with that account will no longer be available to you. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law, to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements or for other legitimate business purposes.
We may contact you to request that you update your Personal Data on a regular basis to ensure its integrity for the purposes of ongoing data management.
Our Opt-in/Opt-out Policy
By providing an email address on the Wahoo Sites or Services, you agree that we may contact you in the event of a change in this Privacy Policy, to provide you with any Service-related notices, or to provide you with information about our events, invitations, or related educational information.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “opt-in” is generally defined as any affirmative action by a User to submit or receive information, as the case may be.
We currently provide the following opt-out opportunities:
At any time, you can follow a link provided in offers, newsletters or other email messages (except for e-commerce confirmation or service notice emails) received from us or a Wahoo Fitness Partner to unsubscribe from the service.
At any time, you can contact us through the
online portal
and opt-out of our right per your consent under the terms of this Privacy Policy to share your Personal Data.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, please note that we always reserve the right to contact you in the event of a change in this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service, or to provide you with any Service-related notices.
Your Ad Choices
As described above, we or third party partners may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser when you visit our Sites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). You may find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make, including opt-out of having your information used for internet-based advertising, through the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) at the
NAI Service
, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(the “DAA”) at the
DAA consumer choice service
. Wahoo Fitness is a participant in the online industry’s self-regulatory program administered by the DAA and has agreed to adhere to the DAA’s principles applicable to interest-based ads.
The tools provided at the
DAA opt-out page
and the
NAI opt-out page
are provided by third parties, not Wahoo Fitness. Wahoo Fitness does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Third Party Links
The Sites and Services may contain links to web pages operated by parties other than Wahoo Fitness. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy policies or other practices of such websites. Our inclusion of links to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. Further, it is up to the User to take precautions to ensure that whatever links the User selects or software the User downloads (whether from this Site or other websites) is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects, and other items of a destructive nature. These websites and services may have their own privacy policies, which the User will be subject to upon linking to the third party's website. Wahoo Fitness strongly recommends that each User review the third party's terms and policies.
International Transfer
Wahoo Fitness is a global company with its headquarters located in the United States. Sharing data across borders may be essential in the performance of the Services which we provide, and as a result, your Personal Information may be collected, transferred to and stored by us and our affiliates outside your jurisdiction, including outside the European Economic Area (EEA), and in countries that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission and that may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction.
We will, subject to applicable law, rely upon legally permitted data transfer mechanisms in order to transfer, process and store your Personal Information in a jurisdiction outside of your home jurisdiction. We will ensure that the recipient of your Personal Information offers an adequate level of data protection and security.
We will take all steps necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We have put in place commercially reasonable technical and organizational procedures to safeguard the information and Personal Information we collect on the Sites.
How We Protect Personal Data
Wahoo Fitness maintains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect the User's Personal Information against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, taking into account technological reality, cost, the scope, context, and purposes of processing weighted against the severity and likelihood that the processing could threaten individual rights and freedoms. For example, we restrict access to personal information to Wahoo Fitness employees, contractors, business partners and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. We use commercially reasonable security measures such as encryption, firewalls, and Secure Socket Layer software (SSL) or hypertext transfer protocol secure (HTTPS) to protect Personal Data.
If Wahoo Fitness collects account information for payment or credit, Wahoo Fitness will use the information only to complete the task for which the account information was offered.
Children
Our website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. We do not intentionally gather Personal information about visitors who are under the age of 16. If a child has provided us with Personal Information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us to have the information deleted from our records. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 16 in the applicable jurisdiction, please contact us at privacy@wahoofitness.com. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected the personal information of a child under 16, or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Direct Marketing and “Do Not Track” Signals
Wahoo Fitness does not track its users over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third-party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, your browser may include controls to block and delete cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, to allow you to opt out of data collection through those technologies.
California residents are entitled to contact us to request information about whether we have disclosed Personal Data to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Under the California “Shine the Light” law, California residents may opt-out of our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Data with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request to privacy@wahoofitness.com. California users may request further information about our compliance with this law by contacting us at privacy@wahoofitness.com or by writing to us at the address listed in the “How to Contact Us” section.
FINANCING AND EXTENDED WARRANTY PROGRAMS
In order to be able to offer you payment and extended warranty options, we will pass to third parties Klarna, Affirm, and Extend certain of your Personal Data, such as contact information and order details, in order for Klarna, Affirm, and Extend to assess whether you qualify for their payment and extended warranty options and to tailor their options for you.
Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s, Affirm’s, and Extend’s privacy policies applicable to your jurisdiction.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services or programs, email notification of privacy policy changes).
How to Contact Us with a Privacy Request
If you’d like to submit a request for or about your data, please do so via
our online portal
.
If you have any specific questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us via email or phone at +1(877) 978-1112, or by writing to us at the address below:
Send e-mail to:
privacy@wahoofitness.com
Send mail to our address:
Wahoo Fitness, LLC
Attn: Privacy Policy
90 West Wieuca Rd NE #110
Atlanta, Georgia 30342
U.S.A.
Imprint
Wahoo Fitness, LLC
90 West Wieuca Rd NE #110
Atlanta, Georgia 30342
CEO: Gareth Joyce
Tel +1(877) 978-1112
support@wahoofitness.com
VAT INSTITUTE Fiscal Representation B.V., Merwedestraat 86, 3313 CS Dordrecht, The Netherlands
VAT number: NL8507.14.291.B.01Wahoo Fitness LLC | EU VAT Number: NL823681816B01 | UK VAT Number: GB196075380
Get a Quote for
Customer Name
Customer Email
Phone Number
Comment
Submit
Offer applicable in other valid currencies - equivalent to £1, €1, AUD$1, CA$1, and ¥150. Code is only valid for users that do no currently have an active Wahoo X Membership.
Cookies Button
We use cookies to improve our website performance, deliver a more personalized experience, and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. By continuing to browse our site, you accept
our privacy and cookie policy.
Accept
Manage Settings
Cookie Preference Center
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Advertising Cookies
Cookie Preference Center
Cookies are small files stored on your device when you visit some websites. They help improve user experience when visiting a website by gathering data on user preferences and website analytics and performance. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. Cookies cannot be used to harm your device.  The information collected is anonymous and does not directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings below to find out more about the types of cookies we use and to change our default settings. Please note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but if you do so, some parts of the site will not work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.  If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and we will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable us to provide enhanced capabilities on our website and allow us to personalize it to you. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used to understand your interests and show you relevant advertising on other sites. These cookies use unique identifiers for your browser and internet device and not your personal information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 11
https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Legal frameworks for data transfers
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in the
Privacy Policy
. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data, such as the frameworks described below.
Adequacy decisions
The European Commission has determined that certain countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) adequately protect personal information, which means that data can be transferred from the European Union (EU) and Norway, Liechtenstein, and Iceland to those countries. The UK and Switzerland have adopted similar adequacy mechanisms. We rely on the following adequacy mechanisms:
European Commission adequacy decisions
UK adequacy regulations
Swiss adequacy decisions
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework certification
, we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for external processing on our behalf, as described in the
“Sharing your information” section of our Privacy Policy
. To learn more about the DPF, and to view Google’s certification, please visit the
DPF website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF certification, we encourage you to
contact us
. Google is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the DPF Principles
.
Standard contractual clauses
Standard contractual clauses (SCCs) are written commitments between parties that can be used as a ground for data transfers from the EEA to third countries by providing appropriate data protection safeguards. SCCs have been approved by the European Commission and can not be modified by the parties using them (you can see the SCCs adopted by the European Commission
here
,
here
, and
here
). Such clauses have also been approved for transfers of data to countries outside the UK and Switzerland. We rely on SCCs for our data transfers where required and in instances where they are not covered by an adequacy decision. If you want to obtain a copy of the SCCs, you can
contact us
.
Google may also incorporate SCCs into contracts with customers of its business services, including
Google Workspace
,
Google Cloud Platform
,
Google Ads
, and other
ads and measurement products
. Learn more at
privacy.google.com/businesses
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 12
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy:
Datenschutzerklärung & Nutzungsbedingungen
Übersicht
Datenschutzerklärung
Nutzungsbedingungen
Technologien
Häufig gestellte Fragen
Google-Konto
Datenschutzerklärung
Einführung
Von Google erhobene Daten
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Datenweitergabe
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Anforderungen in Europa
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Rahmenbedingungen für Datenübermittlungen
Wichtige Begriffe
Partner
Aktualisierungen
Google-Datenschutzerklärung
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, vertrauen Sie uns Ihre Daten an. Wir sind uns bewusst, dass dies eine große Verantwortung ist und setzen alles daran, Ihre Daten zu schützen und zu gewährleisten, dass Sie die Kontrolle darüber behalten.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung erfahren Sie, welche Daten von uns erhoben werden, welche Zwecke wir damit verfolgen und wie Sie Ihre Daten aktualisieren, verwalten, exportieren und löschen können.
Wenn das Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union oder des Vereinigten Königreichs auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten Anwendung findet, finden Sie unten im Abschnitt
Anforderungen in Europa
weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten sowie zur Einhaltung dieser Gesetze durch Google.
Privatsphärecheck
Sie möchten Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern?
Privatsphärecheck machen
Wirksam ab dem 16. September 2024
|
Archivierte Versionen
|
PDF herunterladen
Inhalt
Einführung
Von Google erhobene Daten
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Datenweitergabe
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Anforderungen in Europa
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Wir entwickeln eine Vielzahl von Diensten, die Millionen von Menschen Tag für Tag helfen, die Welt ganz neu zu entdecken und mit ihr zu interagieren. Zu unseren Diensten zählen:
Google-Apps, -Websites und -Geräte, wie die Google-Suche, YouTube und Google Home
Plattformen wie der Chrome-Browser und das Android-Betriebssystem
Produkte, die in Apps und Websites von Drittanbietern integriert sind, wie Werbe- und Analyseprodukte und das eingebettete Google Maps
Sie können unsere Dienste auf vielfältige Weise nutzen, um Ihre Privatsphäre zu verwalten. So haben Sie beispielsweise die Möglichkeit, sich für ein Google-Konto zu registrieren, wenn Sie Inhalte wie E-Mails und Fotos erstellen und verwalten oder relevantere Suchergebnisse erhalten möchten. Sie können auch zahlreiche Google-Dienste nutzen, ohne sich anzumelden oder ein Konto zu erstellen, beispielsweise wenn Sie die Google Suche verwenden oder sich YouTube-Videos ansehen. Außerdem ist es möglich, in einem privaten Modus im Web zu surfen, etwa im
Inkognitomodus von Chrome
, sodass andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, nicht sehen können, welche Inhalte Sie aufgerufen haben. Bei allen unseren Diensten können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern und so festlegen, ob wir manche Arten von Daten erheben und wie wir sie verwenden.
Um Ihnen unsere Datenschutzerklärung möglichst verständlich zu machen, haben wir Beispiele, Videos und Definitionen für
Schlüsselbegriffe
angefügt. Wenn Sie dennoch Fragen dazu haben,
können Sie uns gern kontaktieren
.
Von Google erhobene Daten
Im Folgenden erklären wir Ihnen, welche Arten von Daten wir erheben, während Sie unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir erheben Daten, um allen unseren Nutzern bessere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen – von der Feststellung grundlegender Informationen wie zum Beispiel Ihrer Sprache bis hin zu komplexeren Fragen wie zum Beispiel
Werbung, die Sie besonders nützlich finden
, den
Personen, mit denen Sie online am häufigsten zu tun haben
, oder den YouTube-Videos, die Sie interessant finden. Welche Daten Google erhebt und wie diese verwendet werden hängt davon ab, wie Sie unsere Dienste nutzen und wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen verwalten.
Wenn Sie nicht in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, speichern wir die von uns erhobenen Daten mit
eindeutigen Kennungen
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem
Gerät
verknüpft sind, welche Sie verwenden. Auf diese Weise können wir verschiedene Dinge tun, wie beispielsweise Ihre Einstellungen über Browsersitzungen hinweg beibehalten, zum Beispiel Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder ob Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse oder Werbung auf Grundlage Ihrer Aktivitäten sehen möchten.
Wenn Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, erheben wir auch Daten, die wir in Ihrem Google-Konto speichern und als
personenbezogene Daten
erachten.
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste bereitstellen
Wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen, stellen Sie uns
personenbezogene Daten
zur Verfügung, darunter Ihren Namen und ein Passwort. Sie können Ihrem Konto auch eine
Telefonnummer
oder
Zahlungsinformationen
hinzufügen. Selbst wenn Sie nicht bei einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, können Sie uns Daten zur Verfügung stellen, etwa eine E-Mail-Adresse, um mit Google zu kommunizieren oder Benachrichtigungen zu unseren Diensten zu erhalten.
Wir erheben auch die Inhalte, die Sie bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste erstellen, hochladen oder von anderen erhalten. Dazu gehören beispielsweise E-Mails, die Sie verfassen und empfangen, Fotos und Videos, die Sie speichern, Dokumente und Tabellen, die Sie erstellen, und Kommentare, die Sie zu YouTube-Videos schreiben.
Daten, die wir bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste erheben
Ihre Apps, Browser und Geräte
Wir erheben Daten über die Apps, Browser und
Geräte
, die Sie beim Zugriff auf Google-Dienste verwenden. Das hilft uns, Funktionen wie automatische Produktupdates anzubieten oder Ihren Bildschirm zu dimmen, wenn Ihr Akku schwach ist.
Zu den von uns erhobenen Daten zählen
eindeutige Kennungen
, der Typ und die Einstellungen des Browsers, der Typ und die Einstellungen des Geräts, das Betriebssystem, Informationen zum Mobilfunknetz wie der Name des Mobilfunkanbieters und die Telefonnummer sowie die Versionsnummer der App. Wir erheben auch Daten über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten. Hierzu zählen u. a. die
IP-Adresse
, Absturzberichte, Systemaktivitäten sowie das Datum, die Uhrzeit und die Verweis-URL Ihrer Anfrage.
Wir erheben diese Daten, wenn ein Google-Dienst auf Ihrem Gerät unsere Server kontaktiert, beispielsweise wenn Sie eine App vom Play Store installieren oder wenn ein Dienst automatische Updates abfragt. Wenn Sie ein
Android-Gerät mit Google Apps
verwenden, kontaktiert Ihr Gerät regelmäßig die Google-Server, um Daten über Ihr Gerät und die Verbindung zu unseren Diensten bereitzustellen. Zu diesen Daten zählen beispielsweise
der Typ Ihres Geräts und der Name Ihres Mobilfunkanbieters
, Absturzberichte, die von Ihnen installierten Apps und, abhängig von den Einstellungen auf Ihrem Gerät,
weitere Informationen dazu, wie Sie Ihr Android-Gerät verwenden
.
Ihre Aktivitäten
Wir erheben in unseren Diensten Daten zu Ihren Aktivitäten. Diese Daten verwenden wir beispielsweise, um Ihnen ein YouTube-Video zu empfehlen, das Ihnen gefallen könnte. Unter anderem könnten folgende Aktivitätsdaten erhoben werden:
Begriffe, nach denen Sie suchen
Videos, die Sie sich ansehen
Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sich ansehen und mit denen Sie interagieren
Sprach- und Audiodaten
Kaufaktivitäten
Personen, mit denen Sie kommunizieren oder Inhalte austauschen
Aktivitäten auf Websites und Apps von Drittanbietern, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Der Chrome-Browserverlauf, den Sie
mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisiert
haben
Wenn Sie unsere
Dienste nutzen, um Anrufe zu tätigen und zu erhalten oder um Nachrichten zu senden und zu empfangen
, erheben wir möglicherweise Anruf- und Nachrichteninformationen wie Ihre Telefonnummer, die Anrufernummer, die Nummer des Angerufenen, Weiterleitungsnummern, die E-Mail-Adressen von Sender und Empfänger, das Datum und die Uhrzeit von Anrufen und Nachrichten, die Dauer von Anrufen, Routing-Informationen und die Art und Anzahl von Anrufen und Nachrichten.
Die in Ihrem Konto gespeicherten Aktivitätsdaten können Sie sich in Ihrem Google-Konto ansehen und sie dort auch verwalten.
Zum Google-Konto
Ihre Standortdaten
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Standortinformationen. Dadurch können wir Ihnen Funktionen wie Wegbeschreibungen, Suchergebnisse für Dinge in Ihrer Nähe und Werbung auf Grundlage Ihres Standorts anbieten.
Je nachdem, welche Produkte Sie nutzen und welche Einstellungen Sie auswählen, kann Google verschiedene Arten von Standortinformationen verwenden, um bestimmte Dienste und Produkte hilfreicher zu gestalten. Dazu gehören unter anderem:
GPS- und andere
Sensordaten von Ihrem Gerät
IP-Adresse
Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten
, zum Beispiel von Ihren Suchanfragen oder
Orte, die Sie mit einem Label versehen, etwa Ihr Zuhause oder Ihr Arbeitsplatz
Informationen über Objekte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts
, wie etwa WLAN-Zugriffspunkte, Funkmasten und Bluetooth-fähige Geräte
Die durch uns erhobenen Arten von Standortdaten und wie lange wir diese speichern hängen zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab. Zum Beispiel können Sie mit der App „Einstellungen“ auf Ihrem Android-Gerät
die Standorterfassung Ihres Geräts aktivieren oder deaktivieren
. Wenn Sie eine private Karte mit Orten erstellen möchten, die Sie mit Ihren angemeldeten Geräten besuchen, können Sie auch den
Standortverlauf
aktivieren. Und wenn die Einstellung „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert ist, werden Ihre Suchanfragen und anderen Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten, die möglicherwiese ebenfalls Standortinformationen enthalten, in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden,
finden Sie hier
.
In manchen Fällen erhebt Google auch Daten über Sie aus
öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
. Wenn beispielsweise Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird, kann die Google-Suchmaschine diesen Artikel indexieren und anderen Personen zeigen, wenn sie nach Ihrem Namen suchen. Unter Umständen erhalten wir auch Daten über Sie von vertrauenswürdigen Partnern. Dazu zählen Verzeichnisdienste, die uns in Google-Diensten anzuzeigende Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, Marketingpartner, die uns Daten über potenzielle Kunden unserer Geschäftsdienste bereitstellen, und Sicherheitspartner, die uns Daten liefern, mit denen wir uns
vor Missbrauch schützen
können. Wir erhalten auch Daten von
Partnern, damit wir in deren Auftrag Werbung und Recherchedienste zur Verfügung stellen können
.
Zum Erheben und Speichern von Daten verwenden wir verschiedene Technologien. Dazu zählen
Cookies
,
Pixel-Tags
, die lokale Speicherung wie etwa
Browser-Webspeicher
oder
Anwendungsdaten-Caches
, Datenbanken und
Serverprotokolle
.
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Wir verwenden Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Dienste
Wir nutzen die von uns im Rahmen unserer Dienste erhobenen Daten für folgende Zwecke:
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
Wir nutzen Ihre Daten zur
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
. Hierzu zählen beispielsweise die Verarbeitung Ihrer Suchbegriffe, um Suchergebnisse einzublenden, oder das Vorschlagen von Empfängern aus Ihren Kontakten, wenn Sie Inhalte teilen möchten.
Wartung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten,
um zu gewährleisten, dass unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
. Beispielsweise verwenden wir sie zur Überprüfung von Störungen oder zur Beseitigung von Problemen, die Sie uns gemeldet haben. Außerdem nutzen wir Ihre Daten, um
unsere Dienste zu verbessern
. Dazu zählt beispielsweise die Feststellung, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die in unseren Diensten verwendete Rechtschreibprüfung verbessern können.
Entwicklung neuer Dienste
Wir nutzen die im Rahmen unserer bestehenden Dienste erhobenen Daten zur Entwicklung neuer Dienste. Beispielsweise halfen uns Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, organisiert haben, bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos.
Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste, einschließlich Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen
Wir nutzen die von uns erhobenen Daten zur Personalisierung unserer Dienste. Dazu zählen die Bereitstellung von Empfehlungen, von personalisierten Inhalten und
von personalisierten Suchergebnissen
. Beispielsweise erhalten Sie im
Sicherheitscheck
Sicherheitstipps, die auf Ihre persönliche Nutzung von Google-Produkten zugeschnitten sind. Je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen kann Google Play Daten nutzen, etwa über Apps, die Sie installiert haben, und Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, um neue Apps zu empfehlen, die Ihnen gefallen könnten.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen zeigen wir Ihnen möglicherweise auch auf Ihre Interessen und Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten bezogene
personalisierte Werbung
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise nach „Mountainbikes“ suchen, kann auf YouTube Werbung für Sportausrüstung eingeblendet werden. In Ihren Einstellungen für Werbung unter
Mein Anzeigen-Center
können Sie festlegen, welche Daten wir zur Auswahl der präsentierten Werbung verwenden.
Wir zeigen Ihnen keine personalisierte Werbung, die auf
sensiblen Kategorien
, wie der ethnischen Zugehörigkeit, Religion, sexuellen Orientierung oder Gesundheit beruht.
Wir zeigen Ihnen keine personalisierte Werbung auf Grundlage von Ihren Inhalten aus Google Drive, Gmail oder Google Fotos.
Wir geben Daten, durch die Sie persönlich identifizierbar sind, wie beispielsweise Ihren Namen oder Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, nur dann an Werbetreibende weiter, wenn Sie uns dazu auffordern. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Werbung für einen Blumenladen in Ihrer Nähe sehen und die Schaltfläche "Zum Anrufen tippen" auswählen, verbinden wir Ihren Anruf und geben Ihre Telefonnummer möglicherweise an den Blumenladen weiter.
Zu „Mein Anzeigen-Center“
Messung der Leistung
Wir nutzen die Daten zur Analyse und Messung, um zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste verwendet werden. Beispielsweise analysieren wir Daten über Ihre Besuche auf unseren Websites, um das Design unserer Produkte zu optimieren. Zusätzlich nutzen wir Daten der Werbeanzeigen, mit denen Sie interagieren, einschließlich Ihrer zugehörigen Aktivitäten in der Google Suche, um Werbetreibenden ein besseres Verständnis ihrer Werbekampagnen zu ermöglichen. Dazu nutzen wir verschiedene Tools, wie z. B. Google Analytics. Wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps verwenden, bei denen Google Analytics eingesetzt wird, kann ein Google Analytics-Kunde sich dafür entscheiden, es Google zu ermöglichen,
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser Website oder in dieser App mit Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites oder in anderen Apps zu verknüpfen
, bei denen ebenfalls unsere Werbedienste genutzt werden.
Kommunikation mit Ihnen
Wir nutzen die von uns erhobenen Daten, wie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, um uns direkt mit Ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen. So könnten wir Ihnen beispielsweise eine Benachrichtigung senden, wenn wir verdächtige Aktivitäten feststellen, wie einen Versuch, sich von einem ungewöhnlichen Standort aus in Ihrem Google-Konto anzumelden. Außerdem könnten wir Sie auch über bevorstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste informieren. Und wenn Sie Google kontaktieren, zeichnen wir Ihre Anfrage auf, um Ihnen bei der Lösung etwaiger Probleme behilflich zu sein.
Schutz von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit
Wir nutzen Daten, um die Verbesserung der
Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit
unserer Dienste zu unterstützen. Dazu zählen das Erkennen, Verhindern und Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsrisiken und technischen Problemen, die Google, unseren Nutzern oder
der Öffentlichkeit
schaden könnten.
Um Ihre Daten zu diesen Zwecken zu verarbeiten, verwenden wir verschiedene Technologien. Wir nutzen automatisierte Systeme, die Ihre Inhalte analysieren, sodass wir Ihnen personalisierte Suchergebnisse, personalisierte Werbung oder andere Funktionen bereitstellen können, die auf Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zugeschnitten sind. Zusätzlich analysieren wir Ihre Inhalte, damit wir
Missbrauch erkennen können
, wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte. Wir verwenden auch
Algorithmen
, um Muster in Daten zu erkennen. Google Übersetzer hilft beispielsweise Personen, über Sprachbarrieren hinweg zu kommunizieren, indem der Dienst geläufige Sprachmuster in Sätzen erkennt, die übersetzt werden sollen.
Unter Umständen werden
die durch uns erhobenen Daten zu den oben beschriebenen Zwecken dienst- und geräteübergreifend verwendet
. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise, je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen, Videos von Gitarrenspielern auf YouTube ansehen, kann eine Werbeanzeige für Gitarrenunterricht auf einer Website ausgeliefert werden, auf der unsere Anzeigenprodukte verwendet werden. Je nach Ihren Kontoeinstellungen könnten
Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in Apps
mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten verknüpft werden, um die Dienste von Google und die von Google ausgelieferten Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern.
Wenn andere Nutzer bereits über Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder andere Sie identifizierende Daten verfügen, zeigen wir diesen Nutzern möglicherweise die öffentlich sichtbaren Daten Ihres Google-Kontos an, wie Ihren Namen und Ihr Foto. Damit können andere Personen beispielsweise eine von Ihnen stammende E-Mail identifizieren.
Bevor wir Daten zu anderen als den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung aufgeführten Zwecken nutzen, bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung.
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Sie haben Entscheidungsmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die durch uns erhobenen Daten und ihre Verwendung
In diesem Abschnitt werden die wichtigsten Einstellungen beschrieben, mit denen Sie Ihre Privatsphäre in unseren Diensten verwalten können. Sie können auch den
Privatsphärecheck
verwenden, um wichtige Datenschutzeinstellungen zu überprüfen und anzupassen. Zusätzlich zu diesen Tools bieten wir auch spezifische Datenschutzeinstellungen in unseren Produkten. Mehr dazu erfahren Sie in unserem
Leitfaden zum Datenschutz in Google-Produkten
.
Zum Privatsphärecheck
Daten verwalten, überprüfen und aktualisieren
Wenn Sie angemeldet sind, können Sie Ihre Daten jederzeit in den von Ihnen verwendeten Diensten überprüfen und aktualisieren. Beispielsweise ermöglichen Ihnen Fotos und Drive die Verwaltung bestimmter auf Google gespeicherter Inhaltstypen.
Wir stellen Ihnen auch einen Ort zur Verfügung, an dem Sie die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Daten überprüfen und deren Speicherung steuern können. Ihr
Google-Konto
beinhaltet:
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Aktivitätseinstellungen
Hier können Sie festlegen, welche Arten von Aktivitäten in Ihrem Konto gespeichert werden sollen. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel den YouTube-Verlauf aktiviert haben, werden die Videos, die Sie sich ansehen, und die Dinge, nach denen Sie suchen, in Ihrem Konto gespeichert, damit Sie bessere Empfehlungen erhalten und Videos an der zuletzt angesehenen Stelle fortsetzen können. Und wenn die Einstellung „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert ist, werden Ihre Suchanfragen und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert. So können Dienste persönlicher für Sie gestaltet werden, damit Sie unter anderem schneller Suchergebnisse und nützlichere Empfehlungen zu Apps und Inhalten erhalten. „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ hat auch eine Untereinstellung, mit der Sie festlegen können, ob
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites, in anderen Apps und auf Geräten, die Google-Dienste nutzen
, in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert und zur Verbesserung von Google-Diensten verwendet werden. Zu diesen Informationen gehört beispielsweise, welche Apps Sie auf Android installieren und verwenden.
Aktivitätseinstellungen aufrufen
Einstellungen für Werbung
Hier können Sie Ihre Einstellungen zu Werbeanzeigen verwalten, die auf Google sowie auf Websites und in Apps im Rahmen einer
Partnerschaft mit Google
von Google ausgeliefert werden. Sie können Ihre Interessen verändern, auswählen, ob Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden sollen, um sich relevantere Werbung präsentieren zu lassen, und bestimmte Werbedienste aktivieren oder deaktivieren.
Zu „Mein Anzeigen-Center“
Über mich
Personenbezogene Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto verwalten und festlegen, wer sie in Google-Diensten sehen kann.
Zu "Über mich"
Soziale Empfehlungen
Hier können Sie auswählen, ob Ihr Name und Ihr Foto neben Ihren Aktivitäten wie Rezensionen und Empfehlungen in Werbeanzeigen erscheinen sollen.
Zu "Soziale Empfehlungen"
Websites und Apps, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste genutzt werden
Daten von Websites und Apps, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste wie Google Analytics genutzt werden, verwalten, die eventuell an Google weitergegeben werden, wenn Sie ihre Dienste aufrufen oder damit interagieren.
Zu Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Möglichkeiten zur Überprüfung und Aktualisierung Ihrer Daten
Meine Aktivitäten
In „Meine Aktivitäten“ können Sie überprüfen und festlegen, welche Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert werden, wenn Sie angemeldet sind und Google-Dienste verwenden, zum Beispiel Ihre Suchanfragen oder Nutzung von Google Play. Sie können sich die Inhalte nach Datum und Thema sortiert ansehen und Ihre Aktivitäten teilweise oder vollständig löschen.
Zu "Meine Aktivitäten"
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard ermöglicht Ihnen die Verwaltung von Daten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Zu Google Dashboard
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
Hier können Sie Ihre Kontaktdaten wie Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und Ihre Telefonnummer verwalten.
Zu den personenbezogenen Daten
Wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit Ihrem Browser oder Gerät verknüpft sind, z. B.:
Personalisierte Suche:
Hier können Sie auswählen
, ob Ihnen anhand Ihrer Suchaktivitäten relevantere Ergebnisse und Empfehlungen bereitgestellt werden sollen.
YouTube-Einstellungen: Hier können Sie Ihren
YouTube-Suchverlauf
und Ihren
YouTube-Wiedergabeverlauf
pausieren und löschen.
Einstellungen für Werbung: Hier können Sie
Ihre Einstellungen für Werbeanzeigen verwalten
, die Ihnen auf Google und Websites sowie in Apps von Google-Anzeigenpartnern präsentiert werden.
Daten exportieren, entfernen und löschen
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Inhalte aus Ihrem Google-Konto exportieren, um diese zu sichern oder sie mit einem anderen Dienst als den von Google zu nutzen.
Daten exportieren
Zum Löschen Ihrer Daten haben Sie folgende Möglichkeiten:
Inhalte aus
bestimmten Google-Diensten
löschen
Bestimmte Elemente in Ihrem Konto unter Verwendung von
Meine Aktivitäten
suchen und dann löschen
Bestimmte Google-Produkte
einschließlich Ihrer mit diesen Produkten verknüpften Daten löschen
Gesamtes Google-Konto löschen
Daten löschen
Sie können über den
Kontoinaktivität-Manager
auch einer anderen Person Zugriff zu Teilen Ihres Google-Kontos gewähren, falls Sie unerwarteterweise nicht in der Lage sind, Ihr Konto zu verwenden.
Und schließlich können Sie auch basierend auf dem anwendbaren Recht und unseren Richtlinien eine
Anfrage zum Entfernen von Inhalten
aus bestimmten Google-Diensten stellen.
Es gibt auch andere Möglichkeiten festzulegen, welche Daten von Google erhoben werden dürfen, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind oder nicht. Hierzu zählen:
Browsereinstellungen: Ihr Browser lässt sich beispielsweise so konfigurieren, dass angezeigt wird, wenn von Google ein
Cookie
in Ihrem Browser gesetzt wurde. Ihr Browser lässt sich auch so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies von einer bestimmten Domain oder allen Domains blockiert werden. Beachten Sie aber, dass Cookies erforderlich sind,
damit unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
und etwa Ihre Spracheinstellungen gespeichert werden können.
Geräteeinstellungen: Ihr Gerät verfügt möglicherweise über Steuerelemente, mit denen Sie festlegen können, welche Daten wir erheben. So können Sie beispielsweise auf Ihrem Android-Gerät
Standorteinstellungen anpassen
.
Datenweitergabe
Datenweitergabe durch Sie
In vielen unserer Dienste können Sie Daten mit anderen Personen teilen. Sie bestimmen in diesem Fall, wie dabei vorgegangen werden soll. Beispielsweise können Sie entscheiden, welche Ihrer Videos auf YouTube öffentlich geteilt werden und welche vertraulich bleiben sollen. Bedenken Sie, dass, wenn Sie Daten öffentlich teilen, Suchmaschinen, einschließlich der Google-Suche, möglicherweise auf diese Daten zugreifen können.
Wenn Sie angemeldet sind und mit Google-Diensten interagieren, z. B. wenn Sie Kommentare zu einem YouTube-Video verfassen oder eine App bei Play rezensieren, werden Ihr Name und Ihr Foto neben Ihrer Aktivität angezeigt. Diese Daten werden wir gegebenenfalls
entsprechend Ihren Einstellungen für "Soziale Empfehlungen"
auch in Werbeanzeigen veröffentlichen.
Datenweitergabe durch Google
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Unternehmen, Organisationen oder Personen außerhalb von Google nur in folgenden Fällen weiter:
Mit Ihrer Einwilligung
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben. Wenn Sie beispielsweise
Google Home verwenden, um eine Tischreservierung vorzunehmen
, holen wir Ihre Zustimmung ein, bevor wir dem Restaurant Ihren Namen oder Ihre Telefonnummer weitergeben. Wir bieten Ihnen außerdem Steuerungsmöglichkeiten, damit Sie
Drittanbieter-Apps und -Websites einsehen und verwalten
können, denen Sie Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gewährt haben. Vor der Weitergabe von
sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten
holen wir Ihre ausdrückliche Einwilligung ein.
Im Falle von Domain-Administratoren
Wenn Sie Mitglied einer Bildungseinrichtung oder Mitarbeiter einer Organisation sind, die Google-Dienste nutzt, haben der
Domainadministrator
und Reseller, die Ihr Konto verwalten, Zugriff auf Ihr Google-Konto. Diese haben folgende Möglichkeiten:
Auf die in Ihrem Konto gespeicherten Daten zugreifen und diese speichern, z. B. Ihre E-Mail
Statistiken zu Ihrem Konto ansehen, z. B. wie viele Apps Sie installieren
Das Passwort für Ihr Konto ändern
Den Zugriff auf Ihr Konto sperren oder beenden
Ihre Kontodaten abrufen, um anwendbare Gesetze, Vorschriften und gerichtliche Verfahren einzuhalten oder einer vollstreckbaren behördlichen Anordnung nachzukommen
Ihre Möglichkeiten einschränken, Daten oder Datenschutzeinstellungen zu löschen oder zu bearbeiten
Für die Verarbeitung durch andere Stellen
Wir stellen personenbezogene Daten unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
, anderen vertrauenswürdigen Unternehmen oder Personen zur Verfügung, die diese in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten. Dies geschieht auf der Grundlage unserer Weisungen und im Einklang mit unserer Datenschutzerklärung sowie anderen geeigneten Vertraulichkeits- und Sicherheitsmaßnahmen. Beispielsweise nutzen wir Dienstanbieter zur Unterstützung beim Betrieb unserer Rechenzentren, Bereitstellen unserer Produkte und Dienste, Verbessern unserer internen Geschäftsprozesse und Anbieten zusätzlichen Supports für unsere Kunden und Nutzer. Außerdem arbeiten wir mit Dienstanbietern zusammen, die uns beim Prüfen von Videoinhalten auf YouTube aus Gründen der öffentlichen Sicherheit unterstützen und uns durch das Analysieren und Anhören von Beispielausschnitten gespeicherter Audioaufnahmen von Nutzern helfen, die Audioerkennungstechnologien von Google zu verbessern.
Aus rechtlichen Gründen
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Stellen außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen dürfen, dass die Offenlegung dieser Daten vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, um folgende Zwecke zu erfüllen:
Geltende Gesetze, Vorschriften oder
gerichtliche Verfahren einzuhalten oder einer vollstreckbaren behördlichen Anordnung nachzukommen
. In unserem
Transparenzbericht
veröffentlichen wir Daten über die Anzahl und die Art der Anfragen, die wir von Behörden erhalten.
Geltende Nutzungsbedingungen durchzusetzen, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verstöße.
Betrug, Sicherheitsmängel oder technische Probleme aufzudecken, zu verhindern oder anderweitig zu bekämpfen.
Die Rechte, das Eigentum oder die Sicherheit von Google,
unserer Nutzer
oder der Öffentlichkeit vor Schaden zu schützen.
Wir geben möglicherweise
nicht personenbezogene Daten
an die Öffentlichkeit und unsere Partner, beispielsweise an Publisher, Werbetreibende, Entwickler oder Rechteinhaber, weiter. Beispielsweise veröffentlichen wir Daten,
um Trends bezüglich der allgemeinen Nutzung unserer Dienste aufzuzeigen
. Darüber hinaus erlauben wir
bestimmten Partnern
, Daten von Ihrem Browser oder Gerät unter Verwendung ihrer eigenen Cookies oder ähnlicher Technologien zu Werbe- und Messzwecken zu erheben.
Falls Google an einem Unternehmenszusammenschluss, einem Unternehmenserwerb oder einem Verkauf von Vermögensgegenständen beteiligt ist, werden wir weiterhin dafür sorgen, die Vertraulichkeit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten sicherzustellen. Zusätzlich werden wir betroffene Nutzer benachrichtigen, bevor personenbezogene Daten übermittelt oder Gegenstand einer anderen Datenschutzerklärung werden.
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Wir integrieren Sicherheitsfunktionen in unsere Dienste, um Ihre Daten zu schützen
Alle Google-Produkte sind mit starken Sicherheitsfunktionen ausgestattet, die Ihre Daten fortwährend schützen. Die Erkenntnisse, die wir durch die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste gewinnen, helfen uns, Bedrohungen der Sicherheit automatisch abzufangen und zu verhindern, dass Sie mit solchen konfrontiert werden. Wenn wir tatsächlich ein Risiko erkennen, von dem Sie unserer Meinung nach erfahren sollten, benachrichtigen wir Sie und schlagen Ihnen Maßnahmen vor, um sich besser zu schützen.
Wir bemühen uns intensiv darum, Sie und Google vor unbefugtem Zugriff auf Daten oder vor unbefugter Veränderung, Offenlegung oder Vernichtung von Daten zu schützen. Unsere Maßnahmen umfassen Folgendes:
Wir verschlüsseln Ihre Daten, um sie während der Übertragung zu schützen.
Wir bieten eine Vielzahl von Sicherheitsfunktionen, wie
Safe Browsing
, Sicherheitscheck und die
Bestätigung in zwei Schritten
, um Ihnen zu helfen, Ihr Konto zu schützen.
Wir überprüfen laufend unsere Praktiken zur Erhebung, Speicherung und Verarbeitung von Daten, einschließlich der physischen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, um unsere Systeme vor unbefugtem Zugriff zu schützen.
Der Zugriff auf personenbezogene Daten wird durch uns beschränkt und nur Mitarbeitern, Auftragnehmern und Kundenservicemitarbeitern von Google gewährt, die diese Daten für die weitere Datenverarbeitung unbedingt benötigen. Alle Personen mit diesen Zugriffsrechten sind strengen Vertraulichkeitsverpflichtungen unterworfen und können disziplinarischen Maßnahmen unterzogen oder entlassen werden, falls sie diese Verpflichtungen nicht einhalten.
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Sie können Ihre Daten jederzeit exportieren oder aus Ihrem Google-Konto löschen.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Inhalte aus Ihrem Google-Konto exportieren, um diese zu sichern oder sie mit einem anderen Dienst als den von Google zu nutzen.
Daten exportieren
Zum Löschen Ihrer Daten haben Sie folgende Möglichkeiten:
Inhalte aus
bestimmten Google-Diensten
löschen
Bestimmte Elemente in Ihrem Konto unter Verwendung von
Meine Aktivitäten
suchen und dann löschen
Bestimmte Google-Produkte
einschließlich Ihrer mit diesen Produkten verknüpften Daten löschen
Gesamtes Google-Konto löschen
Daten löschen
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Wir speichern erhobene Daten über verschiedene Zeiträume, abhängig davon, um welche Daten es sich handelt, wie wir sie nutzen und wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen konfigurieren:
Einige Daten können Sie jederzeit löschen, beispielsweise Ihre
personenbezogenen Daten
oder selbst erstellte oder hochgeladene Inhalte, wie
Fotos
und
Dokumente
. Darüber hinaus können Sie in Ihrem Konto gespeicherte
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten
löschen oder
festlegen, dass diese nach einer bestimmten Zeit automatisch gelöscht werden
. Wir speichern diese Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto, bis Sie sie entweder selbst entfernen oder entfernen lassen.
Andere Daten werden nach einer bestimmten Zeit automatisch gelöscht oder anonymisiert, etwa
Werbedaten
in Serverprotokollen.
Einige Daten, etwa dazu, wie oft Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, speichern wir, bis Sie Ihr Google-Konto löschen.
Einige Daten speichern wir für längere Zeit, wenn dies aus legitimen geschäftlichen oder rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist. Diese Gründe können Sicherheit, Betrugs- und Missbrauchsabwehr oder eine Dokumentationspflicht im Finanzbereich sein.
Wenn Sie Daten löschen, beginnen wir mit einem Datenlöschvorgang, um dafür zu sorgen, dass die Daten sicher und vollständig von unseren Servern entfernt werden oder nur in anonymisierter Form gespeichert bleiben. Wir bemühen uns, Daten mithilfe unserer Dienste davor zu schützen, irrtümlich oder mutwillig gelöscht zu werden. Aus diesem Grund kann es zwischen der von Ihnen durchgeführten Löschung von Inhalten und dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem Kopien aus unseren aktiven Systemen und Sicherungssystemen gelöscht werden, zu Verzögerungen kommen.
Weitere Informationen zur Dauer der Datenspeicherung bei Google und Angaben dazu, wie lange es dauert, bis wir Ihre Informationen löschen,
finden Sie hier
.
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Wir überprüfen die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung regelmäßig und verarbeiten Ihre Daten entsprechend dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Datenübermittlung
Wir betreiben
Server auf der ganzen Welt
. Deshalb können Ihre Daten auf Servern verarbeitet werden, die außerhalb des Landes liegen, in dem Sie leben. Datenschutzgesetze sind von Land zu Land unterschiedlich und einige bieten mehr Schutz als andere. Unabhängig davon, wo Ihre Daten verarbeitet werden, wenden wir grundsätzlich dieselben, in der Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Schutzmaßnahmen an. Ferner halten wir bestimmte
rechtliche Rahmenbedingungen
zu Datenübermittlungen ein.
Sobald wir formale schriftliche Beschwerden erhalten, nehmen wir mit der Person, die die Beschwerde eingereicht hat, Kontakt auf. Wir arbeiten mit den jeweils zuständigen Regulierungsbehörden einschließlich der lokalen Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörden zusammen, um alle Beschwerden bezüglich der Übermittlung Ihrer Daten beizulegen, die wir nicht direkt mit Ihnen klären können.
Anforderungen in Europa
So können Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben und Google kontaktieren
Wenn das Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU) oder des Vereinigten Königreichs (UK) auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten Anwendung findet, stellen wir Ihnen die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen
Steuerungsmöglichkeiten
zur Verfügung, damit Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben können, Auskunft über Ihre Daten zu erhalten, sie zu aktualisieren, zu
löschen
und deren Verarbeitung einzuschränken. Darüber hinaus haben Sie das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu widersprechen oder Ihre Daten in einen anderen Dienst zu exportieren.
Bei weiteren Fragen oder Anliegen hinsichtlich Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich
an Google und an unsere Datenschutzabteilung wenden
. Falls Sie Bedenken bezüglich Ihrer Rechte gemäß lokalem geltenden Recht haben, können Sie sich außerdem an Ihre lokale Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörde wenden.
Datenverantwortlicher
Der für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen zuständige Datenverantwortliche
hängt von Ihrem gewöhnlichen Aufenthaltsort ab, sofern dies in den Datenschutzhinweisen eines bestimmten Dienstes nicht anders angegeben ist:
Google Ireland Limited, mit Sitz in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, für Nutzer von Google-Diensten, die ihren gewöhnlichen Aufenthalt im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder der Schweiz haben.
Google LLC, mit Sitz in 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, für Nutzer von Google-Diensten, die ihren gewöhnlichen Aufenthalt im Vereinigten Königreich haben.
Google LLC ist unabhängig von Ihrem Wohnort der zuständige Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, die in Diensten wie der
Google Suche
und Google Maps indexiert und angezeigt werden. Google Ireland Limited ist der zuständige Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, mit denen Google AI-Modelle trainiert werden, um sie in Diensten einzusetzen, die Google Ireland Limited im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder in der Schweiz bereitstellt.
Rechtsgrundlagen der Verarbeitung
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten zu den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen
Zwecken
auf der Basis der folgenden rechtlichen Grundlagen:
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, um Ihnen einen Dienst bereitzustellen, den Sie im Rahmen eines Vertrags angefordert haben.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, soweit wir oder
Dritte
ein berechtigtes Interesse daran haben, dies zu tun. Dabei wenden wir
geeignete Maßnahmen
zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre an.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn dies zum Schutz Ihrer lebenswichtige Interessen oder denen einer anderen Person erforderlich ist.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn wir dazu eine rechtliche Verpflichtung haben.
Wir bitten Sie um Ihre Einwilligung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten für bestimmte Zwecke. Sie haben das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen.
Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen sowie die Art, wie Sie Google-Dienste verwenden, bestimmen, welche Daten verarbeitet werden, zu welchem Zweck dies geschieht und was die Rechtsgrundlagen dafür sind. In der folgenden Tabelle werden diese Verarbeitungszwecke, die Arten der verarbeiteten Daten sowie die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung ausführlicher erläutert.
Warum und wie wir Daten verarbeiten
Welche Daten wir verarbeiten
Rechtliche Gründe
Bereitstellung von Google-Diensten, ‑Produkten und ‑Funktionen
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir verarbeiten die Begriffe, nach denen Sie suchen, um Ihnen entsprechende Suchergebnisse anzuzeigen.
Wir verwenden die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, um Ihnen die angeforderten Daten senden zu können, beispielsweise ein YouTube-Video.
Wir verwenden eindeutige IDs, die in Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, um Sie als die Person zu authentifizieren, die auf Ihr Google-Konto zugreifen darf.
Fotos und Videos, die Sie in Google Fotos hochladen, werden verwendet, um Ihnen zu helfen, Alben, Collagen und andere Kreationen zu erstellen, die Sie mit anderen teilen können.
Wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder Artikel von uns kaufen, verwenden wir Informationen wie Ihre Lieferadresse oder Lieferanweisungen – beispielsweise für die Bearbeitung und Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung sowie zur Bereitstellung des Supports für das Produkt oder die Dienstleistung, die Sie kaufen.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, wenn Sie zusätzlichen Speicherplatz für Google Drive kaufen.
Wir können Kontaktdaten (wie Namen und E‑Mail-Adressen) von Personen verwenden, mit denen Sie in Google-Produkten interagieren. So können wir Ihnen helfen, diese Personen zu finden, wenn Sie in Google-Diensten wie Gmail, Fotos und Assistant etwas mit ihnen teilen oder mit ihnen kommunizieren möchten.
Eine E‑Mail mit einer Flugbestätigung kann verwendet werden, um eine Check‑in-Schaltfläche in Gmail zu erstellen.
Google erhebt auch Daten über Sie aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen. Wenn beispielsweise Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird, kann die Google-Suchmaschine diesen Artikel indexieren und anderen Personen zeigen, wenn sie nach Ihrem Namen suchen. Oder wenn Ihre Unternehmensinformationen auf einer Website erscheinen, können wir sie indexieren und in Google-Diensten anzeigen.
Wir können Ihnen helfen, Ihren Standort mithilfe der
Google-Standortfreigabe
zu teilen. So können andere Sie auf einer Karte finden oder Ihre voraussichtliche Ankunftszeit abschätzen.
Wie im Abschnitt
Datenweitergabe
beschrieben, geben wir personenbezogene Daten außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben. Wir bieten Ihnen außerdem Einstellungen, mit denen Sie
Apps und Websites von Drittanbietern überprüfen und verwalten
können, denen Sie Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gewährt haben.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise durch das Bereitstellen eines YouTube-Videos oder durch die Bearbeitung und Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung, wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder physische Waren von uns kaufen.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Verwaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispiel: Verwendung von Kontaktdaten (wie Namen und E‑Mail-Adressen) von Personen, mit denen Sie in Google-Produkten interagieren, damit Sie diese Personen leichter finden, wenn Sie in Google-Diensten wie Gmail, Fotos und Assistant etwas mit ihnen teilen oder mit ihnen kommunizieren möchten.
Ihre
Einwilligung
, z. B. wenn Sie Ihren Standort über die Google-Standortfreigabe teilen.
Aufrechterhaltung und Verbesserung von Google-Diensten, ‑Produkten und ‑Funktionen
Aufrechterhaltung des Dienstes, damit er wie vorgesehen funktioniert, z. B. durch Fehlerbehebung sowie Nachverfolgung und Behebung von Problemen.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir überprüfen fortlaufend die ordnungsgemäße Funktion unserer Dienste, um Probleme zu erkennen. Wenn wir feststellen, dass eine Funktion fehlerhaft ist, ermöglichen uns die vor dem Eintreten des Problems erhobenen Aktivitätsdaten, das Problem schneller zu beheben.
Wir erfassen die Interaktionen von Nutzern mit Schaltflächen in Anwendungen wie Google Maps und der Google Suche, um festzustellen, ob sie wie vorgesehen funktionieren.
Verbesserung der Google-Dienste sowie der Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit dieser Dienste, z. B. durch Erkennung, Verhinderung und Reaktion von bzw. auf Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsrisiken und technische Probleme, die den Dienst oder Nutzer beeinträchtigen könnten.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir analysieren Daten zu Ihren Interaktionen mit unseren Diensten, damit wir die Produkte weiter optimieren können. So können wir beispielsweise besser feststellen, wenn Nutzer zu lange brauchen, um eine bestimmte Aufgabe auszuführen, oder manche Schritte überhaupt nicht beenden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Funktion überarbeiten und das Produkt für alle verbessern.
Wir analysieren, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die Rechtschreibprüfung für alle unsere Dienste verbessern können.
Wir analysieren die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Wir analysieren Suchanfragen bei Google Shopping, um festzustellen, welche Produkte, Händler und Marken für verschiedene Arten von Suchanfragen relevant sind.
Die Safe Browsing-Funktion von Google Chrome kann Informationen zu verdächtigen Websites zwischen dem Browser eines Nutzers und Google-Servern teilen und dadurch z. B. zum Schutz vor Phishing, Malware und schädlicher Werbung beitragen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise bei der Verwendung der Interaktionsprotokolle von Google-Apps, um sicherzustellen, dass diese wie vorgesehen funktionieren.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Verwaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die Rechtschreibprüfung für alle unsere Dienste verbessern können.
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen unsere Dienste nutzen, um die Leistung unserer Dienste zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Durchführung von Recherchen, mit denen unsere Dienste für unsere Nutzer verbessert werden und die für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind.
Beispielsweise arbeiten wir daran, die Übersetzungsqualität von Google Übersetzer zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Entwicklung neuer Google-Dienste, ‑Produkte und ‑Funktionen
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Nutzer Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, organisiert haben, halfen uns bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos.
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie kurze Inhalte von Creatorn erstellt und von Nutzern angesehen werden, halfen Google dabei, neue YouTube-Dienste zu entwickeln.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen können wir Audioaufnahmen von Sprachinteraktionen mit Diensten wie der Google Suche, Assistant, Maps und Gboard speichern, um die Audiotechnologien von Google weiterzuentwickeln und zu verbessern.
Wir verwenden Informationen, die online oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind, um neue Modelle für maschinelles Lernen zu trainieren und grundlegende Technologien zu entwickeln, die für verschiedene Google-Produkte wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI-Funktionen eingesetzt werden.
Wir nutzen Ihre Interaktionen mit KI-Modellen und ‑Technologien wie Gemini-Apps, um diese Modelle zu entwickeln, zu trainieren, zu optimieren und zu verbessern, damit sie besser auf Ihre Anfragen reagieren. Wir verwenden sie auch, um Klassifikatoren und Filter zu aktualisieren und dadurch z. B. die Sicherheit, das Sprachverständnis und die Genauigkeit zu verbessern.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen, die für unsere Nutzer hilfreich sind.
Beispielsweise haben uns Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, verwendet haben, bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos geholfen. Oder wir nutzen Daten, die online oder in anderen öffentlichen Quellen verfügbar sind, um die KI-Modelle von Google zu trainieren sowie Produkte und Funktionen weiterzuentwickeln, die diese grundlegenden Technologien nutzen – wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI.
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Zum Beispiel verwenden wir Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten – wie Ihre Interaktionen mit Gemini-Apps – um Modelle für maschinelles Lernen zu trainieren und zu verbessern und um ihr Sprachverständnis sowie ihre Sicherheitsklassifikatoren und -filter zu aktualisieren.
Mit Ihrer
Einwilligung
, beispielsweise das Speichern von Audioaufnahmen von Sprachinteraktionen mit der Google Suche, Assistant, Maps und Gboard, um Technologien zur Audioerkennung von Google zu entwickeln und verbessern.
Zur Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste, einschließlich Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen
Um unsere Dienste für Sie anzupassen, etwa über Empfehlungen, personalisierte Inhalte und personalisierte Suchergebnisse.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Der Sicherheitscheck von Google bietet Ihnen Sicherheitstipps, die an Ihre Nutzung von Google-Produkten angepasst sind.
Google News bietet Ihnen möglicherweise lokale Nachrichten, die auf Ihrem ungefähren Standort basieren.
Die Google Suche bietet Ihnen möglicherweise Ergebnisse, die auf ihrem ungefähren Standort basieren.
Google Assistant kann Ihre Kontakte verwenden, um auf Anfrage Nachrichten zu senden, z. B. „SMS an Max Mustermann“.
Google Play nutzt Daten, etwa über Apps, die Sie installiert haben, und Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, um neue Apps zu empfehlen, die Ihnen gefallen könnten.
Möglicherweise zeigen wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Google Suche, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht.
Google kann Werbung basierend auf dem Kontext der von Ihnen besuchten Website anzeigen, beispielsweise Anzeigen für Gartengeräte auf einer Seite mit Tipps zum Gärtnern.
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert haben, können Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse erhalten, die auf Ihren bisherigen Suchanfragen und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten basieren.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen, um auf Ihre Interessen bezogene personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wenn Sie nach „Mountainbikes“ suchen oder Videos über Mountainbiken ansehen, kann in Ihren Suchergebnissen oder auf YouTube Werbung für Sportausrüstung eingeblendet werden.
Wenn Sie sich auf YouTube Videos zum Thema Backen ansehen, wird Ihnen beim Surfen im Web möglicherweise mehr Werbung zu diesem Thema präsentiert.
Möglicherweise wird Ihnen auch personalisierte Werbung präsentiert, die auf den Daten des Werbetreibenden basiert. Wenn Sie beispielsweise auf der Website eines Werbetreibenden eingekauft haben, kann dieser die Daten über Ihren Besuch zum Einblenden von Werbeanzeigen nutzen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Um einen
Vertrag mit Ihnen auszuführen
, zum Beispiel wenn Google Assistant Ihre Kontakte verwendet, um auf Ihre Anfrage hin eine Nachricht zu senden, wie „Sende eine SMS an Max Mustermann“.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Personalisierung unserer Dienste, um sie nutzerfreundlicher zu gestalten.
Beispielsweise können wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Google Suche zeigen, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht, Sicherheitstipps passend zu Ihrer Nutzung von Google-Produkten geben oder gegebenenfalls die Nutzung altersgerecht anpassen.
Einblenden von Werbung, um viele unserer Dienste kostenlos anbieten zu können.
Zum Beispiel zeigen wir möglicherweise Werbung, die auf dem Kontext einer besuchten Website basiert, wie Werbeanzeigen für Gartengeräte auf einer Seite mit Gartentipps. Bei personalisierter Werbung bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung.
Mit Ihrer
Einwilligung
– beispielsweise Empfehlungen bei Google Play basierend auf Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, oder personalisierte Werbung auf Grundlage Ihrer Interessen. Zum Beispiel könnte Ihnen Werbung rund um das Thema Backen angezeigt werden, wenn Sie im Web surfen, nachdem Sie auf YouTube Videos über Backen angesehen haben.
Zur Leistungsmessung – Wir nutzen die Daten zur Analyse und Messung, um zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste verwendet werden.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir analysieren Daten über Ihre Besuche auf unseren Websites, um das Design unserer Produkte zu optimieren.
Wir nutzen Daten zu der Werbung, mit der Sie interagieren, um Werbetreibenden ein besseres Verständnis ihrer Werbekampagnen zu ermöglichen.
Wir verwenden Daten darüber, welche Orte Nutzer in Google Earth am häufigsten anklicken, um zu erfahren, welche Funktionen beliebt sind, und um Fehler zu identifizieren.
Die Google Suche erhebt, wie oft eine bestimmte Anfrage gestellt wurde und wie Nutzer die Qualität ihrer Suchergebnisse wahrnehmen, um die Google Suche noch hilfreicher zu gestalten.
Google Übersetzer analysiert Daten über die Anzahl der angefertigten Übersetzungen und die Häufigkeit, mit der eine Übersetzung als minderwertig eingestuft wird, um mögliche neue Funktionen zu ermitteln und Probleme bei der Nutzung des Dienstes zu beheben.
Wir geben möglicherweise nicht personenidentifizierbare Informationen an unsere Partner – beispielsweise Lizenzgeber von Inhalten – weiter, wenn wir Lizenzgebühren zahlen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen unsere Dienste nutzen, um die Leistung unserer Dienste zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Aufdecken, Verhindern oder anderweitiges Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln oder technischen Problemen bei unseren Diensten.
Beispielsweise beobachten wir Nutzungsmuster in Google Earth, um Programmfehler zu identifizieren.
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, wie oft eine Übersetzung bei Google Übersetzer als minderwertig eingestuft wird, um Probleme bei der Nutzung des Dienstes zu beheben.
Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen, die für unsere Nutzer hilfreich sind.
Zum Beispiel analysieren wir Daten zur Anzahl der in Google Übersetzer angefertigten Übersetzungen, um mögliche neue Funktionen zu ermitteln.
Einhalten von Verpflichtungen gegenüber unseren Partnern wie Entwicklern und Rechteinhabern.
Zum Beispiel erstellen wir Berichte für die Lizenzgeber von Inhalten, die mit der Zahlung von Lizenzgebühren einhergehen.
Für die Kommunikation mit Ihnen – Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen Daten, wie etwa Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, um direkt mit Ihnen zu interagieren.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
So könnten wir Ihnen beispielsweise eine Benachrichtigung senden, wenn wir verdächtige Aktivitäten feststellen, z. B. einen Versuch, sich von einem ungewöhnlichen Standort aus in Ihrem Google-Konto anzumelden.
Möglicherweise informieren wir Sie über anstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen unserer Dienste.
Wenn Sie Google kontaktieren, zeichnen wir Ihre Anfrage auf, um Ihnen bei der Lösung eventuell auftretender Probleme behilflich sein zu können.
Google-Dienste wie Google Fotos können Ihnen, abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen, Marketingmitteilungen über Angebote wie beispielsweise Rabattaktionen für Fotodrucke senden.
Google-Dienste wie YouTube Premium und YouTube Music Premium können Sie über anstehende Änderungen Ihres Abonnements informieren.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Zur
Ausführung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise wenn Sie den Google-Support kontaktieren oder sich für Mitteilungen über Produktupdates anmelden.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Wir informieren Sie beispielsweise über unsere Dienste, beispielsweise über anstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen.
Marketing, um Nutzer über unsere Dienste zu informieren.
Zum Beispiel können wir eine E-Mail an Nutzer von Google Fotos senden, die Informationen zu einer Rabattaktion für Fotodrucke enthält.
Zum Schutz von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit
Zur Verbesserung der Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit unserer Dienste. Dazu zählen das Erkennen, Verhindern und Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln und technischen Problemen, die Google, unseren Nutzern oder der Öffentlichkeit schaden könnten.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir erheben und analysieren IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten, um unsere Dienste durch automatisierte Mechanismen vor Missbrauch zu schützen. Dieser Missbrauch kann viele verschiedene Formen annehmen, zum Beispiel das Senden von Spam an Gmail-Nutzer. Außerdem könnte Werbetreibenden durch betrügerisches Klicken auf Werbung Geld gestohlen werden oder Inhalte durch das Starten eines Distributed-Denial-of-Service-Angriffs (DDoS) unterdrückt werden.
Mit der Funktion "Letzte Kontoaktivität" in Gmail können Sie feststellen, ob und wann eine andere Person ohne Ihr Wissen auf Ihre E-Mail zugegriffen hat. In dieser Funktion finden Sie Informationen zu den letzten Aktivitäten in Gmail, wie etwa die IP-Adressen, über die auf Ihre E-Mails zugegriffen wurde, sowie wo und wann der Zugriff erfolgt ist.
Wir analysieren Ihre Inhalte, um
Missbrauch wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte zu erkennen
.
Wir verarbeiten Informationen zu Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten aus unseren Diensten gemäß den Richtlinien von Google zur Entfernung von Inhalten oder gemäß anwendbarem Recht, um das betreffende Ersuchen zu prüfen, Transparenz zu gewährleisten, die Fähigkeit zur Rechenschaftslegung zu verbessern und Missbrauch und Betrug bei diesen Verfahren zu verhindern.
Zur Einhaltung geltender Gesetze, Verordnungen sowie Rechtsverfahren oder Befolgung eines vollstreckbaren behördlichen Ersuchens.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wie andere Technologie- und Kommunikationsunternehmen auch erhält Google regelmäßig Anfragen von staatlichen Behörden und Gerichten auf der ganzen Welt, in denen wir zur Offenlegung von Nutzerdaten aufgefordert werden. Die Achtung Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer gespeicherten Daten sind zwei wesentliche Aspekte, an denen wir uns bei der Frage orientieren, ob wir diesen rechtlichen Anfragen nachkommen. Unsere Rechtsabteilung prüft jede einzelne Anfrage unabhängig von ihrer Art. Häufig werden Anfragen abgelehnt, die zu allgemein gehalten sind oder bei denen das korrekte Verfahren nicht eingehalten wurde.
Aufgrund rechtlicher Verpflichtungen müssen wir bestimmte Daten speichern, etwa aufgrund einer Dokumentationspflicht im Finanzbereich. Beispielsweise speichern wir aus steuerrechtlichen oder buchhalterischen Gründen Daten zu Zahlungen, die Sie an Google geleistet haben.
Verschiedene Gesetze und Vorschriften verpflichten uns dazu, Maßnahmen zu ergreifen, um sicherzustellen, dass unsere Nutzer alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen. Um Ihr Alter zu bestimmen, verarbeiten wir das von Ihnen angegebene Geburtsdatum. Wir verarbeiten auch Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten, sowohl wenn Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet als auch wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, und verwenden maschinelles Lernen, um festzustellen, ob Sie wahrscheinlich über 18 Jahre alt sind. In bestimmten Fällen, wenn wir nicht bestätigen können, dass Sie alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen, können wir andere Informationen anfordern, um Ihr Alter zu überprüfen, beispielsweise Ihren Personalausweis, Ihre Kreditkarte, ein Foto von Ihnen oder Ihre Telefonnummer.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Durchsetzen rechtlicher Forderungen, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verletzungen anwendbarer Nutzungsbedingungen.
Wir analysieren beispielsweise Inhalte, um Missbrauch wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte zu erkennen.
Aufdecken, Verhindern oder anderweitiges Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln oder technischen Problemen bei unseren Diensten.
Zum Beispiel erheben und analysieren wir IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten zum Schutz vor automatisiertem Missbrauch.
Schutz der Rechte, des Eigentums und der Sicherheit von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit vor Schaden, einschließlich der Offenlegung von Informationen gegenüber Behörden.
Beispielsweise reagieren wir auf gerichtliche Verfahren oder vollstreckbare Aufforderungen von staatlichen Stellen und Gerichten zur Offenlegung von Daten, nachdem jede Anfrage sorgfältig geprüft wurde, um sicherzustellen, dass sie den anwendbaren Gesetzen entspricht.
Recherchen, durch die unsere Dienste für Nutzer verbessert werden und die für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind.
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten, um die Öffentlichkeit zu informieren, Recherchen zu ermöglichen und Transparenz in Bezug auf diese Ersuchen zu bieten.
Wenn dies zum Schutz Ihrer
lebenswichtigen Interessen
oder denen einer anderen Person erforderlich ist. Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Daten, um sexuellen Missbrauch von Kindern im Internet zu erkennen und zu bekämpfen.
Wenn wir eine
rechtliche Verpflichtung
haben, zum Beispiel zur Aufbewahrung bestimmter Informationen zu Zwecken der Dokumentationspflicht oder zur Verarbeitung und Aufbewahrung von Informationen, um dabei zu helfen sicherzustellen, dass die Nutzer alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen.
Google-Dienste verknüpfen
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, bieten wir Ihnen die Wahl, eine Verknüpfung zwischen bestimmten Google-Diensten beizubehalten. Weitere Informationen zu Ihren verknüpften Diensten und zum Verwalten Ihrer Auswahl finden Sie unter
Informationen zum GDM und zu Ihren verknüpften Diensten
.
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Anwendungsbereich dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für alle Dienste, die von Google LLC und seinen
verbundenen Unternehmen
angeboten werden, einschließlich YouTube, Android und Dienste, die auf Websites Dritter bereitgestellt werden, wie Werbedienste. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für Dienste, für die gesonderte Datenschutzrichtlinien gelten und die die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung nicht beinhalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für
den Umgang mit Daten durch andere Unternehmen und Organisationen, die unsere Dienste bewerben,
Dienste, die von anderen Unternehmen oder Personen angeboten werden, einschließlich von ihnen angebotene Produkte oder Websites, die möglicherweise Google-Dienste beinhalten, für die die Erklärung gilt, sowie Produkte oder Websites, die Ihnen in Suchergebnissen angezeigt werden oder die über einen Link in unseren Diensten erreicht werden können
Änderungen an dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Wir ändern diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit. Wir werden Ihre Rechte im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung ohne Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung nicht einschränken. Wir geben immer das Veröffentlichungsdatum der letzten Änderungen an und bieten Ihnen Zugriff auf
archivierte Versionen
. Bei wesentlichen Änderungen weisen wir deutlicher auf diese hin. So werden Sie zum Beispiel bei bestimmten Diensten per E-Mail über eine Änderung der Datenschutzerklärung benachrichtigt.
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Google-Dienste
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise bieten zusätzliche Informationen zu manchen Google-Diensten:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini-Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Mit Family Link verwaltete Google-Konten für Kinder unter 13 Jahren (in einigen Ländern gilt ein anderes Mindestalter für Google-Konten)
Family Link-Leitfaden zum Datenschutz für Kinder und Teenager
Erhebung von Sprach- und Audiodaten im Rahmen von Funktionen für Kinder in Google Assistant
Wenn Sie Mitglied einer Organisation sind, die Google Workspace oder Google Cloud Platform verwendet, erfahren Sie in den
Datenschutzhinweisen zu Google Cloud
, wie diese Dienste Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen erheben und verarbeiten.
Weitere hilfreiche Ressourcen
Die folgenden Links bieten hilfreiche Ressourcen, um weitere Informationen über unsere Praktiken und Datenschutzeinstellungen zu erhalten.
Ihr Google-Konto
verfügt über zahlreiche Einstellungen, mit denen Sie Ihr Konto verwalten können.
Der
Privatsphärecheck
führt Sie durch die wichtigsten Datenschutzeinstellungen für Ihr Google-Konto.
Im
Google Sicherheitscenter
erhalten Sie Informationen zu unseren integrierten Sicherheitsmaßnahmen und Datenschutzeinstellungen. Außerdem können Sie hier die Tools kennenlernen, mit denen Sie innerhalb Ihrer Familie Grundregeln für die Nutzung digitaler Onlinemedien aufstellen können.
In den
Google-Datenschutzinformationen für Jugendliche
finden Sie Antworten auf einige der uns am häufigsten gestellten Fragen zum Datenschutz
Der Abschnitt
Datenschutz & Nutzungsbedingungen
bietet weitere Hintergrundinformationen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung und zu unseren Nutzungsbedingungen.
Unter
Technologien
finden Sie weitere Informationen zu folgenden Themen:
So verwendet Google Cookies
Die für
Werbung
verwendeten Technologien
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Wichtige Begriffe
Algorithmus
Ein Prozess oder Regelwerk, dem ein Computer beim Ausführen von Problemlösungsverfahren folgt.
Applikationsdaten-Cache
Ein Applikationsdaten-Cache ist ein Datenspeicher auf einem Gerät. Damit kann eine Webanwendung zum Beispiel ohne Internetverbindung ausgeführt oder die Leistung der Anwendung durch schnelleres Laden der Inhalte verbessert werden.
Browser-Webspeicher
Mithilfe des Browser-Webspeichers können Websites Daten in einem Browser auf einem Gerät speichern. Wenn der Speicher als "lokaler Speicher" verwendet wird, können Daten sitzungsübergreifend gespeichert werden. Dadurch sind sie auch nach dem Schließen und erneuten Öffnen des Browsers weiterhin abrufbar. Eine Technologie, die dies ermöglicht, ist HTML 5.
Cookies
Ein Cookie ist eine kleine Datei, die eine Zeichenkette enthält, die an Ihren Computer gesendet wird, wenn Sie eine Website aufrufen. Wenn Sie die Website das nächste Mal besuchen, kann diese anhand des Cookies Ihren Browser wiedererkennen. Cookies können Nutzereinstellungen und andere Informationen speichern. Ihr Browser lässt sich so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden oder dass angezeigt wird, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Einige Funktionen oder Dienste einer Website werden ohne Cookies möglicherweise nicht richtig ausgeführt. Lernen Sie mehr darüber,
wie Google Cookies verwendet
und wie Google Daten, einschließlich Cookies, verwendet,
wenn Sie die Websites oder Apps unserer Partner nutzen
Eindeutige IDs
Bei einer eindeutigen ID handelt es sich um eine Zeichenfolge, anhand derer ein Browser, eine App oder ein Gerät eindeutig identifiziert werden kann. Solche IDs haben eine unterschiedliche Verwendungsdauer und unterscheiden sich darin, ob sie durch den Nutzer zurückgesetzt werden können und wie der Nutzer auf sie zugreifen kann.
Eindeutige IDs werden zu verschiedenen Zwecken verwendet, etwa aus Sicherheitsgründen und zur Betrugserkennung, zum Synchronisieren von Diensten wie dem E-Mail-Posteingang oder zum Speichern von Einstellungen und Anbieten personalisierter Werbung. In Cookies gespeicherte eindeutige IDs dienen beispielsweise dazu, Websites die Darstellung von Browserinhalten in Ihrer bevorzugten Sprache zu ermöglichen. Ihr Browser lässt sich so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden oder dass angezeigt wird, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Weitere Informationen dazu,
wie Google Cookies verwendet
Auf anderen Plattformen als Browsern werden eindeutige IDs zur Erkennung eines bestimmten Geräts oder einer App auf diesem Gerät verwendet. Eine eindeutige ID wie die Werbe-ID wird beispielsweise verwendet, um Ihnen auf Android-Geräten relevante Werbung anzuzeigen. Dies können Sie in Ihren Geräteeinstellungen
verwalten
. Eindeutige IDs können auch vom Hersteller einem Gerät fest zugewiesen werden. Diese IDs werden gelegentlich auch als "Universally Unique ID" oder kurz "UUID" bezeichnet. Ein Beispiel hierfür ist die IMEI-Nummer eines Smartphones. Anhand dieser eindeutigen ID können wir etwa unseren Dienst an Ihr Gerät anpassen oder Geräteprobleme im Zusammenhang mit unseren Diensten analysieren.
Gerät
Ein Gerät ist ein Computer, mit dessen Hilfe auf Google-Dienste zugegriffen werden kann. Beispielsweise werden Desktop-Computer, Tablets, intelligente Lautsprecher und Smartphones als Geräte bezeichnet.
Google-Konto
Um einige unserer Dienste nutzen zu können, ist es erforderlich, ein
Google-Konto
zu erstellen und einige personenbezogene Daten (typischerweise Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und ein Passwort) anzugeben. Mithilfe dieser Kontoinformationen ist es möglich, Sie zu authentifizieren, wenn Sie auf Dienste von Google zugreifen, und Ihr Konto vor nicht autorisierten Zugriffen durch andere Nutzer zu schützen. Sie können Ihr Konto jederzeit über die Google-Kontoeinstellungen bearbeiten oder löschen.
IP-Adresse
Jedem Gerät, das mit dem Internet verbunden ist, wird eine Nummer zugewiesen. Diese wird als Internet Protocol(IP)-Adresse bezeichnet. Diese Nummern werden normalerweise in Blöcken zugewiesen, die bestimmten geografischen Gebieten zugeordnet sind. Anhand der IP-Adresse kann oftmals der Ort identifiziert werden, von dem aus sich das Gerät mit dem Internet verbindet.
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden
Nicht-personenbezogene Daten
Das sind Nutzer-Informationen, die erfasst werden, sodass sie nicht länger auf individuell identifizierbare Nutzer verweisen können.
Personenbezogene Daten
Hierbei handelt es sich um Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und anhand derer Sie persönlich identifiziert werden können (z. B. Ihr Name, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder Zahlungsinformationen), oder sonstige Daten, die von Google mit Informationen dieser Art in Verbindung gebracht werden können, beispielsweise Informationen, die wir mit Ihrem Google-Konto verknüpfen.
Pixel-Tag
Ein Pixel-Tag wird auf einer Website oder innerhalb einer E-Mail-Nachricht platziert, um bestimmte Aktivitäten wie das Aufrufen von Websites oder das Öffnen von E-Mails zu erfassen. Pixel-Tags werden häufig in Kombination mit Cookies eingesetzt.
Sensible personenbezogene Daten
Hierbei handelt es sich um besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten wie etwa vertrauliche medizinische Informationen, die Zugehörigkeit zu einer bestimmten ethnischen Gruppe, politische oder religiöse Gesinnungen oder sexuelle Neigungen.
Serverprotokolle
Wie bei den meisten Websites zeichnen unsere Server automatisch Ihre Aufrufe unserer Websites auf. Diese „Serverprotokolle“ enthalten normalerweise Ihre Webanfrage, die IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp, die Browsersprache, das Datum und die Uhrzeit Ihrer Anfrage sowie ein oder mehrere Cookies, die Ihren Browser eindeutig identifizieren können.
Ein typischer Protokolleintrag für die Suche nach dem Begriff "Autos" sieht folgendermaßen aus:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
ist dabei die IP-Adresse, die der Internetanbieter dem Nutzer zuweist. Je nach Dienst kann dem Nutzer jedes Mal, wenn er eine Verbindung mit dem Internet herstellt, eine andere Adresse zugewiesen werden.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
sind das Datum und die Uhrzeit der Suchanfrage.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
ist die angeforderte URL einschließlich Anfrage.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
sind der verwendete Browser und das verwendete Betriebssystem.
740674ce2123a969
ist die eindeutige Cookie-ID, die diesem Computer beim ersten Besuch von Google zugewiesen wird. Hinweis: Cookies können von Nutzern gelöscht werden. Wenn der Nutzer seit dem letzten Aufruf von Google das Cookie vom Computer gelöscht hat, wird ihm beim nächsten Aufruf von Google auf dem entsprechenden Gerät erneut eine solche eindeutige Cookie-ID zugewiesen.
Verbundene Unternehmen
Ein verbundenes Unternehmen ist eine juristische Person, die zur Google-Unternehmensgruppe gehört, einschließlich der folgenden Unternehmen, die Dienstleistungen in der EU anbieten: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp und Google Dialer Inc. Weitere Informationen zu den
Unternehmen, die Geschäftsdienstleistungen in der EU anbieten
Verweis-URL
Eine Verweis-URL (Uniform Resource Locator) ist die Information, die ein Webbrowser in der Regel an eine Ziel-Website übermittelt, wenn Sie auf einen Link zu der betreffenden Website klicken. Die Verweis-URL enthält die URL der letzten Website, die im Browser aufgerufen wurde.
Zusätzliche Informationen
Ähnliche Informationen im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer körperlichen oder psychischen Gesundheit
Wenn Sie von uns angebotene Fitnessprodukte und ‐Apps wie Fitbit, die Pixel Watch, Nest oder Google Fit verwenden, erheben wir Daten von Ihnen, z. B. Ihre Größe und Ihr Gewicht. Mithilfe dieser Apps und Geräte sammeln wir außerdem Daten wie Schlafrhythmus, Herzfrequenz, Hauttemperatur, verbrannte Kalorien und zurückgelegte Schritte.
Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Websites und Apps, bei denen Google-Dienste wie Werbung und Analysen integriert sind, geben Daten an uns weiter.
Diese Daten werden unabhängig vom verwendeten Browser oder Browsermodus erhoben. Beispielsweise kann der Inkognitomodus in Chrome zwar dazu beitragen, dass andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, nicht sehen können, welche Inhalte Sie aufgerufen haben. Websites und Apps von Drittanbietern, bei denen unsere Dienste integriert sind, können dennoch Daten an Google weitergeben, wenn Sie sie öffnen.
Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen
zu einigen der Optionen, mit denen Sie festlegen können, welche Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn Sie Websites und Apps öffnen oder nutzen, die Google-Dienste verwenden.
Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und Web- & App-Aktivitäten aktiviert sind, können Daten zu Ihren Aktivitäten auf Websites, in Apps und in Diensten von Google in den Web- & App-Aktivitäten Ihres Kontos gespeichert werden. Einige Aktivitäten können Informationen über den ungefähren Ort enthalten, an dem Sie sich bei der Nutzung des Google-Dienstes aufgehalten haben. Wenn Sie unter Verwendung eines ungefähren Orts nach etwas suchen, wird dafür ein Gebiet von mindestens drei Quadratkilometern verwendet. Alternativ wird der Ort erweitert, bis der Bereich den Standort von mindestens 1.000 Personen umfasst. So wird Ihre Privatsphäre besser geschützt.
In einigen Fällen werden Orte, an denen Sie in der Vergangenheit gesucht haben, möglicherweise dazu verwendet, einen relevanten Standort für Ihre Suche zu schätzen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Berlin nach Cafés suchen, zeigt Google bei zukünftigen Suchanfragen möglicherweise Ergebnisse für Berlin an.
Unter
Meine Aktivitäten
können Sie Ihre Web- & App-Aktivitäten ansehen und verwalten.
Android-Gerät mit Google-Apps
Android-Geräte mit Google-Apps sind Geräte, die von Google oder einem unserer Partner verkauft werden und umfassen Smartphones, Kameras, Fahrzeuge, Wearables und Fernseher. Diese Geräte nutzen Google Play-Dienste und andere vorinstallierte Apps. Dazu zählen Dienste wie Gmail, Maps, die Kamera- und Telefon-App Ihres Smartphones, die Sprachausgabe, die Tastatureingabe und Sicherheitsfunktionen. Weitere Informationen über Google Play-Dienste
finden Sie hier
.
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
Im Folgenden finden Sie Beispiele dafür, wie wir Ihre Daten zur Bereitstellung unserer Dienste nutzen:
Wir verwenden die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, damit Sie die von Ihnen angeforderten Daten laden können, wie etwa ein YouTube-Video.
Wir verwenden eindeutige IDs, die in Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, um Sie als die Person zu authentifizieren, die auf Ihr Google-Konto zugreifen darf.
Fotos und Videos, die Sie in Google Fotos hochladen, werden verwendet, um Ihnen zu helfen, Alben, Collagen und andere Kreationen zu erstellen, die Sie mit anderen teilen können.
Weitere Informationen
Eine Flugbestätigung, die Sie per E-Mail erhalten, kann verwendet werden, um eine Check-in-Schaltfläche in Gmail zu erstellen.
Wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder Artikel von uns kaufen, teilen Sie uns möglicherweise Informationen wie Ihre Lieferadresse oder Lieferanweisungen mit. Wir verwenden diese Informationen beispielsweise für die Verarbeitung, die Durchführung und die Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung sowie zur Bereitstellung des Supports für den Artikel oder die Dienstleistung, die Sie kaufen.
Bestimmte Google-Dienste
Beispielsweise können Sie
Ihren Blog
aus Blogger oder
eine Google-Website, die Ihnen gehört
, aus Google Sites löschen. Zusätzlich können Sie
Rezensionen
löschen, die Sie zu Apps, Spielen und anderen Inhalten im Play Store verfasst haben.
Bestimmte Partner
Beispielsweise gestatten wir Creatorn und Werbetreibenden, mit Messunternehmen zusammenzuarbeiten, um mithilfe von Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien mehr über die Zielgruppe ihrer YouTube-Videos oder Werbeanzeigen zu erfahren. Ein weiteres Beispiel sind Händler auf unseren Shopping-Seiten, die mithilfe von Cookies ermitteln, wie viele Nutzer ihre Produkteinträge sehen.
Hier erhalten Sie weitere Informationen
zu diesen Partnern und zu deren Verwendung Ihrer Daten.
Cookies – Damit unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
Wir verwenden beispielsweise ein Cookie namens "lbcs", mit dessen Hilfe sich eine große Zahl von Google Docs-Dokumenten in einem einzigen Browser öffnen lässt. Wird dieses Cookie blockiert, kann Google Docs nicht korrekt ausgeführt werden.
Weitere Informationen
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser Website mit Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites verknüpfen
Google Analytics nutzt eigene Cookies, also Cookies, die vom Google Analytics-Kunden gesetzt wurden. Bei der Verwendung unserer Systeme können Google Analytics-Kunden und Google über Google Analytics generierte Daten mit Drittanbieter-Cookies verknüpfen, die durch Besuche auf anderen Websites generiert wurden. Beispielsweise könnte ein Werbetreibender seine Google Analytics-Daten dazu verwenden, relevantere Werbung zu erstellen oder seinen Traffic genauer zu analysieren.
Weitere Informationen
Der für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen zuständige Datenverantwortliche
Das ist das mit Google verbundene Unternehmen, welches für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten und die Einhaltung der anwendbaren Datenschutzgesetze verantwortlich ist.
der Öffentlichkeit
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten gemäß den Richtlinien von Google zur Entfernung von Inhalten oder gemäß anwendbarem Recht, um das betreffende Ersuchen zu prüfen sowie Transparenz zu gewährleisten, die Rechenschaftspflicht zu verbessern und Missbrauch und Betrug bei diesen Verfahren zu verhindern.
Dienste nutzen, um Anrufe zu tätigen und zu erhalten oder um Nachrichten zu senden und zu empfangen
Beispiele für diese Dienste sind:
Google Voice zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Anrufen, Senden von SMS und Verwalten der Mailbox
Google Meet zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Videoanrufen
Gmail zum Senden und Empfangen von E-Mails
Google Chat zum Senden und Empfangen von Nachrichten
Google Duo zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Videoanrufen und Senden und Empfangen von Nachrichten
Google Fi für einen Telefontarif
Dritte
Beispielsweise verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten, um Rechteinhabern Nutzungsstatistiken bereitzustellen, sie also darüber zu informieren, wie ihre Inhalte in unseren Diensten genutzt wurden. Wir könnten Ihre Daten auch dann verarbeiten, wenn Personen nach Ihrem Namen suchen und wir Suchergebnisse von Websites anzeigen, die öffentlich verfügbare Daten über Sie enthalten.
für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten, um die Öffentlichkeit zu informieren, Recherchen zu ermöglichen und Transparenz in Bezug auf diese Ersuchen zu bieten.
Geeignete Sicherheitsmaßnahmen
Beispielsweise können wir Daten anonymisieren oder verschlüsseln, damit sie mit keinen anderen Daten über Sie verknüpft werden können.
Weitere Informationen
Geräte
Wir können beispielsweise Informationen von Ihren Geräten nutzen, um Ihnen bei der Entscheidung behilflich zu sein, welches Gerät Sie für die Installation einer App oder zum Ansehen eines Films verwenden sollten, die Sie bei Google Play gekauft haben. Diese Informationen verwenden wir außerdem zum Schutz Ihres Kontos.
Gerichtliches Verfahren oder vollstreckbares behördliches Ersuchen
Wie andere Technologie- und Kommunikationsunternehmen auch erhält Google regelmäßig Anfragen von staatlichen Behörden und Gerichten auf der ganzen Welt, in denen wir zur Offenlegung von Nutzerdaten aufgefordert werden. Die Achtung Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer gespeicherten Daten sind zwei wesentliche Aspekte, an denen wir uns bei der Frage orientieren, ob wir diesen rechtlichen Anfragen nachkommen. Unsere Rechtsabteilung prüft jede einzelne Anfrage unabhängig von ihrer Art. Häufig werden Anfragen abgelehnt, die zu allgemein gehalten sind oder bei denen das korrekte Verfahren nicht eingehalten wurde. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserem
Transparenzbericht
.
Gewährleisten und verbessern
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, wie Personen mit Werbung interagieren, um die Leistung unserer Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern.
Gewährleisten, dass unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
Beispielsweise überprüfen wir fortlaufend, ob unsere Systeme ordnungsgemäß funktionieren, sodass Probleme erkannt werden können. Wenn wir feststellen, dass eine Funktion fehlerhaft ist, ermöglichen uns die vor dem Eintreten des Problems erfassten Aktivitätsdaten, das Problem schneller zu beseitigen.
Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in Apps
Diese Aktivitäten könnten durch die Nutzung von Google-Diensten entstehen. Beispiele dafür sind die Synchronisierung Ihres Kontos mit Chrome oder Besuche von Websites und Apps von Google-Partnern. Viele Websites und Apps arbeiten bei der Verbesserung ihrer Inhalte und Dienste mit Google zusammen. Beispielsweise können Websites unsere Werbedienste wie AdSense oder Analysetools wie Google Analytics verwenden oder andere Inhalte wie Videos von YouTube einbetten. Von diesen Produkten können Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten an Google weitergegeben werden. Je nach
Ihren Kontoeinstellungen
und den verwendeten Produkten können diese Daten mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten verknüpft werden, zum Beispiel, wenn ein Partner Google Analytics in Verbindung mit unseren Werbediensten verwendet.
Weitere Informationen über die Datennutzung durch Google
, wenn Sie die Websites oder Apps unserer Partner verwenden
In deren Namen Werbung und Recherchedienste bereitstellen
Beispielsweise können Händler Daten von ihren Kundenkartenprogrammen hochladen, um Informationen zu diesen Programmen in die Such- oder Shopping-Ergebnisse aufzunehmen oder sich ein besseres Bild von der Leistung ihrer Werbekampagnen zu machen. Wir stellen Werbetreibenden nur zusammengefasste Berichte zur Verfügung, die keine Informationen über einzelne Personen preisgeben.
in unseren Diensten erhobene Daten verwenden
Je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen finden Sie im Folgenden Beispiele für die Verwendung der von uns in unseren Diensten erhobenen Daten:
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und eine Suche auf Google durchführen, erscheinen neben Suchergebnissen aus dem öffentlichen Web auch relevante Informationen aus den Inhalten, die in anderen Google-Produkten wie Gmail oder Google Kalender vorhanden sind. Dazu zählen unter anderem der Status Ihrer gebuchten Flüge, Restaurant- und Hotelreservierungen oder Ihre Fotos.
Weitere Informationen
Wenn Sie mit jemandem über Gmail kommuniziert haben und diese Person zu einem Google Docs-Dokument oder einem Termin in Google Kalender hinzufügen möchten, wird die E-Mail-Adresse automatisch vervollständigt, sobald Sie mit der Eingabe des Namens beginnen. Diese Funktion vereinfacht das Teilen von Inhalten mit Freunden und Bekannten.
Weitere Informationen
Die Google App kann Daten nutzen, die Sie in anderen Google-Produkten gespeichert haben, um Ihnen, entsprechend Ihren Einstellungen, personalisierte Inhalte einzublenden. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Ihren Web- & App-Aktivitäten Suchanfragen gespeichert haben, kann Ihnen die Google App Nachrichtenartikel und andere zu Ihren Interessen passende Informationen auf der Basis Ihrer Aktivitäten zeigen, wie z. B. Sportergebnisse.
Wenn Sie Ihr Google-Konto mit Google Home verknüpfen, können Sie über Google Assistant Ihre Daten verwalten und Dinge erledigen. So können Sie beispielsweise Ihrem Google Kalender Termine hinzufügen oder die Terminübersicht für einen bestimmten Tag aufrufen, Statusaktualisierungen zu einem gebuchten Flug abrufen oder Informationen wie Wegbeschreibungen an Ihr Smartphone senden.
Weitere Informationen
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, wirken sich Ihre Entscheidungen zum Verknüpfen von Diensten darauf aus, wie bestimmte Google-Dienste die Daten dienstübergreifend verwenden können.
Informationen über Objekte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts
Wenn Sie die Standortdienste von Google unter Android nutzen, können wir die Leistung von Apps verbessern, die, wie Google Maps, Standortdaten benötigen. Wenn Sie den Standortdienst von Google nutzen, sendet Ihr Gerät über Sensoren wie den Beschleunigungsmesser, über nahe gelegene Mobilfunkmasten und über WLAN-Zugangspunkte, wie die MAC-Adresse und die Signalstärke, Informationen an Google. Diese Daten ermöglichen eine bessere Bestimmung Ihres Standorts. Den Google-Standortdienst können Sie in den Einstellungen Ihres Geräts aktivieren.
Weitere Informationen
Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sich ansehen und mit denen Sie interagieren
Beispielsweise erheben wir Daten zu Aufrufen und Interaktionen mit Werbeanzeigen, damit wir Werbetreibenden zusammengefasste Berichte bereitstellen können, aus denen hervorgeht, ob wir ihre Werbeanzeige auf einer Seite ausgeliefert haben und ob die Werbeanzeige von einem Nutzer gesehen wurde. Darüber hinaus können auch andere Interaktionen gemessen werden, etwa wie Sie Ihre Maus über eine Werbeanzeige bewegen oder ob Sie mit der Seite interagieren, auf der die Werbeanzeige eingeblendet wird.
löschen
Sie können beispielsweise, wie oben beschrieben, basierend auf dem anwendbaren Recht (einschließlich Datenschutzrecht) und unseren Richtlinien das
Entfernen von Inhalten aus bestimmten Google-Diensten beantragen
, einschließlich Inhalten, in denen sich möglicherweise Ihre Daten befinden.
Missbrauch erkennen
Wenn wir auf unseren Systemen Spam, Malware, illegale Inhalte (einschließlich
Darstellungen des sexuellen Missbrauchs und der Ausbeutung von Kindern
) und andere Formen von Missbrauch feststellen, die gegen unsere Richtlinien verstoßen, können wir Ihr Konto deaktivieren oder andere angemessene Maßnahmen ergreifen. Unter bestimmten Umständen melden wir den Verstoß auch den zuständigen Behörden.
Öffentlich zugängliche Quellen
Beispielsweise erheben wir Daten, die online oder in anderen öffentlichen Quellen verfügbar sind, um die KI-Modelle von Google zu trainieren sowie Produkte und Funktionen wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI weiterzuentwickeln. Wenn Ihre Unternehmensinformationen auf einer Website erscheinen, können wir sie indexieren und in Google-Diensten anzeigen.
Orte, denen Sie ein Label hinzufügen, z. B. Ihr Zuhause oder Ihr Arbeitsplatz
Sie können wichtige Orte in Ihrem Google-Konto speichern, z. B. Ihr Zuhause oder Ihren Arbeitsplatz. Wenn Sie Ihre Privat- oder Arbeitsadresse festlegen, werden damit bestimmte Aktionen einfacher, etwa das Abrufen von Wegbeschreibungen oder Ergebnissen in der Nähe Ihrer Privat- oder Arbeitsadresse. Außerdem sehen Sie relevantere Werbung.
Sie können Ihre Privat- und Arbeitsadresse jederzeit in Ihrem
Google-Konto
bearbeiten oder löschen.
Partnerschaft mit Google
Es gibt mehr als zwei Millionen Partnerwebsites und -apps im Google-Werbenetzwerk.
Weitere Informationen
Personalisierte Suchergebnisse
Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und die Einstellungen für Web- & App-Aktivitäten aktiviert sind, erhalten Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse auf der Basis Ihrer früheren Suchaktivitäten und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten.
Weitere Informationen dazu erhalten Sie hier.
Auch wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, können Sie personalisierte Suchergebnisse erhalten. Wenn Sie dieses Maß an Personalisierung bei der Suche nicht wünschen, können Sie
privat suchen und surfen
oder die
personalisierte Suche in abgemeldetem Zustand
deaktivieren.
Personalisierte Werbung
Möglicherweise wird Ihnen auch personalisierte Werbung präsentiert, die auf den Daten des Werbetreibenden basiert. Wenn Sie beispielsweise auf der Website eines Werbetreibenden eingekauft haben, kann dieser die Daten über Ihren Besuch zum Einblenden von Werbeanzeigen nutzen.
Weitere Informationen
Personalisierung unserer Dienste
Beispielsweise können wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Suche zeigen, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht.
Personen, mit denen Sie online am häufigsten zu tun haben
Wenn Sie zum Beispiel beim Schreiben einer E-Mail eine Adresse in das Feld "Empfänger", "Cc" oder "Bcc" eingeben, schlägt Gmail Ihnen Adressen von Personen vor,
die Sie am häufigsten kontaktieren
.
Sensible Kategorien
Wenn wir Ihnen personalisierte Werbung präsentieren, so basiert diese auf Themen, von denen wir denken, dass Sie aufgrund Ihrer Aktivitäten daran interessiert sein könnten. Beispielsweise könnten wir Werbung für Themen wie "Kochen und Rezepte" oder "Flugreisen" einblenden. Wir verwenden jedoch nicht solche Themen und schalten nicht solche personalisierten Werbeanzeigen, die auf sensiblen Kategorien wie ethnischer Zugehörigkeit, Religion, sexueller Orientierung oder Gesundheit basieren.
Dasselbe verlangen wie auch von unseren Werbetreibenden
, die unsere Dienste nutzen.
Sensordaten von Ihrem Gerät
Ihr Gerät ist möglicherweise mit Sensoren ausgestattet, die zur genaueren Bestimmung Ihres Standorts und Ihrer Bewegungen verwendet werden können. Beispielsweise kann mithilfe eines Beschleunigungsmessers Ihre Bewegungsgeschwindigkeit erfasst werden und mit einem Gyroskop die Richtung festgestellt werden, in die Sie sich bewegen.
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden
Server auf der ganzen Welt
Wir betreiben Rechenzentren
auf der ganzen Welt
, um Nutzern unsere Produkte ununterbrochen zur Verfügung stellen zu können.
Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit
Im Folgenden finden Sie Beispiele für die Nutzung Ihrer Daten zur Gewährleistung von Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit unserer Dienste:
Durch das Erheben und Analysieren von IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten können wir unsere Dienste durch automatisierte Mechanismen vor Missbrauch schützen. Dieser Missbrauch nimmt viele verschiedene Formen an, zum Beispiel das Senden von Spam an Gmail-Nutzer. Außerdem könnte Werbetreibenden durch betrügerisches Klicken auf Werbeanzeigen Geld gestohlen werden oder Inhalte durch das Starten eines Distributed-Denial-of-Service-Angriffs (DDoS) unterdrückt werden.
Mit der Funktion "Letzte Kontoaktivität" in Gmail können Sie feststellen, ob und wann eine andere Person ohne Ihr Wissen auf Ihre E-Mail zugegriffen hat. In dieser Funktion finden Sie Informationen zu den letzten Aktivitäten in Gmail, wie etwa die IP-Adressen, über die auf Ihre E-Mails zugegriffen wurde, sowie wo und wann der Zugriff erfolgt ist.
Weitere Informationen
Sprach- und Audiodaten
Sie können zum Beispiel entscheiden, ob Sie möchten, dass Google eine Audioaufnahme in Ihrem Google-Konto speichert, wenn Sie mit der Google Suche, Google Assistant und Google Maps interagieren. Wenn Ihr Gerät einen Befehl zur Aktivierung der Sprachsteuerung erkennt, beispielsweise „Hey Google“, zeichnet Google sowohl Ihre Stimme und Audio als auch einige Sekunden vor der Aktivierung auf.
Weitere Informationen
Synchronisation mit Ihrem Google-Konto
Ihr Chrome-Browserverlauf wird nur dann in Ihrem Konto gespeichert, wenn Sie in Chrome die Synchronisierung mit Ihrem Google-Konto aktiviert haben.
Weitere Informationen
Telefonnummer
Wenn Sie Ihrem Konto Ihre Telefonnummer hinzugefügt haben, kann diese abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen in Google-Diensten für unterschiedliche Zwecke verwendet werden. Beispielsweise kann Ihre Telefonnummer dazu genutzt werden, Ihnen zu helfen, wieder auf Ihr Konto zugreifen zu können, wenn Sie Ihr Passwort vergessen haben. Außerdem kann sie anderen Personen helfen, Sie zu finden und mit Ihnen Kontakt aufzunehmen. Schließlich kann sie verwendet werden, um für Sie relevantere Werbung einzublenden.
Weitere Informationen
Trends aufzuzeigen
Wenn viele Nutzer nach etwas Bestimmtem suchen, kann dies Aufschluss über aktuelle Trends geben. Google Trends analysiert Suchanfragen in der Google Websuche, um die Anzahl der Suchanfragen in einem bestimmten Zeitraum zu ermitteln, und veröffentlicht eine Zusammenfassung dieser Ergebnisse.
Weitere Informationen
Unsere Dienste verbessern
Beispielsweise können wir anhand von Cookies analysieren, wie Nutzer mit unseren Diensten interagieren. Diese Analyse kann uns helfen, unsere Produkte zu optimieren. So könnten wir zum Beispiel feststellen, dass Nutzern die Durchführung einer bestimmten Aufgabe zu lange dauert oder dass manche Schritte überhaupt nicht durchgeführt werden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Funktion überarbeiten und das Produkt für alle verbessern.
unserer Nutzer
Beispielsweise gibt Google Daten zu Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten aus unseren Diensten an Lumen weiter, um Missbrauch zu verhindern und die Transparenz und Rechenschaft in Bezug auf unsere Moderation von Online-Inhalten zu verbessern. Lumen erfasst und analysiert diese Ersuchen, um Forschung zu ermöglichen, mit deren Hilfe Internetnutzer ihre Rechte besser verstehen.
Weitere Informationen
Vor Missbrauch schützen
Beispielsweise können uns Informationen über Sicherheitsbedrohungen helfen, Sie zu informieren, wenn wir denken, dass Unbefugte Zugriff auf Ihr Konto erlangt haben (an diesem Punkt können wir Ihnen helfen, Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihres Kontos zu ergreifen).
Werbung, die Sie besonders nützlich finden
Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise auf YouTube Videos zum Thema Backen ansehen, werden Ihnen beim Surfen im Web unter Umständen mehr Werbeanzeigen zu diesem Thema eingeblendet. Anhand Ihrer IP-Adresse können wir auch Ihren ungefähren Standort ermitteln, damit wir Werbung für Pizza-Lieferservices in der Nähe einblenden können, wenn Sie den Suchbegriff "Pizza" eingeben. Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen
über Werbung bei Google
und
warum Ihnen bestimmte Werbeanzeigen präsentiert werden
.
Zahlungsinformationen
Wenn Sie Ihrem Google-Konto eine Kreditkarte oder eine andere Zahlungsmethode hinzufügen, können Sie damit in allen unseren Diensten Artikel einkaufen, wie z. B. Apps im Play Store. Unter Umständen bitten wir Sie um weitere Informationen, wie eine Unternehmenssteuernummer, um Ihre Zahlung verarbeiten zu können. In manchen Fällen müssen wir Ihre Identität überprüfen und könnten Sie dafür nach Informationen fragen.
Wir können Zahlungsinformationen auch verwenden, um zu überprüfen, ob Sie die Altersbeschränkungen einhalten. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein, wenn Sie ein falsches Geburtsdatum angegeben haben, das darauf schließen lässt, dass Sie für ein Google-Konto nicht alt genug sind.
Weitere Informationen
Google
Über Google
Datenschutz
Nutzungsbedingungen
Transparenz-Center
Eine Drop‑down-Liste, um die Sprache der Website zu ändern. Jede Option ist der Name einer Sprache. Es gibt insgesamt 65 Optionen.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Hauptmenü
Google-Apps
Sub-policy 13
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
Overview
Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
How is Personal Information used?
Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
Your Data Protection Rights
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
Can Children Use Our Services?
Definitions
Our Contact Information
CCPA California Notice at Collection
US Consumer Privacy Notice
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on February 13, 2025
Overview
PayPal, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”) provides this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Information when you use your PayPal account, Xoom account, visit our websites, or apply for, or use our Services, like Braintree and Zettle. This Privacy Statement does not apply to Excluded Services, such as Venmo and Hyperwallet.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in the
Definitions
section below.
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time and there is an upcoming change described on the
Policy Updates
or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date.
For most of our Services, we act as a “data controller” or “business”, however there are some products and features where PayPal may also act as a “data processor” or “service provider” when providing services to our Partners and Merchants.  The “data controller” or “business” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that has the control over the purposes and means by which the data processing is performed.  The “data processor” or “service provider” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that processes the Personal Information for the data controller, for the data controller’s specific purposes, and as otherwise permitted under applicable data protection laws.
Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal or Xoom account. We will collect Personal Information from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay Without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g., Braintree and Zettle), use a Fastlane profile, or when a non-accountholder receives a payment through the Visa+ service from a PayPal account holder (“Recipient”). If you Pay Without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create a PayPal account later.
With a Fastlane profile, individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Information with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster,  create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partner or Merchant, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Information each time they checkout ("Fastlane").
When you create a Fastlane profile, you are agreeing to let PayPal store your Personal Information, including your name, email, phone number, address information, billing information and payment method details, and other data that may be relevant to specific Partner or Merchant interactions, and pre-populate that information in the checkout flows or other interactive features of participating Partners and Merchants so that you can  enjoy a faster Partner and Merchant experience by not having to manually input  your payment or other information. We will also collect transaction and other Partner or Merchant data related to your purchases and other Partner or Merchant interactions when you use Fastlane. If you have a Fastlane profile, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on the participating Partners’ and Merchants’ sites, and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as registering for a store or loyalty account using your Fastlane profile information. If you choose to interact with participating Partners or Merchants through Fastlane, you agree to let PayPal disclose your Fastlane profile information to the Participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and to facilitate your transaction and shopping experience on the participating Partners and Merchants sites.
The Visa+ Service enables eligible customers with a PayPal account to send and receive money to and from Venmo and third-party Visa+-enabled digital wallets (“Visa+”).
When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner or Merchant may disclose Personal Information with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Categories of Personal Information collected
from you
, including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Personal Identifiers
: Such as Name, Business Name, Address, Phone Number, Email, IP address, Device Information, Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies, other information necessary to establish an account or profile.
Records and Financial Information
: Such as, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, amount you send or request, other financial information.
Transaction and Experience Information
: Such as online shopping cart information, shopping activity and goods or services considered on Partners and Merchants sites, shipping options and associated costs when you check out, purchase history, and order tracking and product information.
Geolocation
: We may collect IP-based geolocation data and Global Positioning System (GPS) with your consent during your user experience or based on your mobile application settings.
Internet or network activity
: interactions with our Services, Information about response time for web pages, download errors, date and time when you used the service, Location Information, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Biometric
: When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification, photo identification, or face scans to verify your identity and authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including, for example, verify your identity and authenticate you to meet regulatory requirements or before you access accounts and Services, recover passwords, update profile info, manage payments and payment methods, lift account limitations, and initiate cryptocurrency transfers.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
: Call recordings when you talk to customer service.
Professional or employment information:
including business information, job title, contact emails, phone numbers and taxpayer ID numbers.
Imported Contact Information:
including name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts.
PayPal Account Profile Information:
username, profile picture, gender, or personal description which you add that may include sensitive personal information. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us:
Your response to surveys, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification, Information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Inferred data:
We may infer information about you such as your preferences and shopping behavior, based on your transactions and interactions with our Services or with our Partners and Merchants.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications:
including age or date of birth, national origin, disability, citizenship, military status.
Sensitive Personal Information:
Social Security number, government-issued identification, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, voice identification and Photo IDs or Precise Geolocation.
Information from your device:
including, language settings, browser ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies.
We may also obtain the above categories of Personal Information from the following
categories of sources
:
Excluded Services including Venmo and PayPal Honey.
Third parties: Service Providers, Partners and Merchants, Payment Partners, such as card networks and payment processors, Credit Reporting Agencies, Government Entities, Data Brokers, and Financial Institutions.
Linked Accounts: Non-financial or financial accounts you agree to link to PayPal, such as social network accounts, mail accounts or for open banking. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your linked accounts at any time. If you choose to link these accounts or share such information with us, we will periodically collect and process it until you unlink the account.
Third Party Applications: Applications that you choose to use for example, the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, or social networking sites.
How is Personal Information used?
We may process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, including to provide our Services, for security and fraud prevention and to comply with law. We may also use personal data to participate in certain features, that while not necessary for use of the Services, may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, personalize content and offers, targeted advertising, or connecting to a third-party platform. Some of these features may be offered with an opt-out, or require your consent to enable.
We may collect Personal Information to:
Provide our Services
: such as to help you send, receive or request money, initiate a payment, add monetary value to an account, pay a bill, administer your purchases, display shipping options and associated costs when you check out, show you your Fastlane profile, account and payment information, send and receive Visa+ transactions, to assess your creditworthiness in connection with our Services, confirm your identity and your contact information, to authenticate your access to your account or Fastlane profile and to confirm your account or profile and financial information is accurate and up to date. For Visa+, we will receive the recipient's name and payment information from Visa and third-party Visa+ participating digital wallets for the purpose of processing and matching Visa+ payment transactions between participating digital wallets and PayPal. If you are using Fastlane, we will also use your Personal Information and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorized by you and likely to be successfully authorized by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile.
Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services
: For buyers using our Zettle services (including Venmo Tap to Pay), you may choose to provide us your contact details so that we can send you digital receipts. If you provide your e-mail address or mobile number to a Partner or Merchant who uses Zettle, we may remember your details for the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses Zettle in its physical store, if you use the same payment card. This is regardless of whether if you have previously bought something from this Merchant or not. This means that your e-mail address or mobile number will be pre-filled in the receipt view for your convenience the next time you buy something from a Merchant who uses Zettle in its physical store.
Manage and improve our Services:
for example, to develop new products and features, for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes.
Manage fraud and risk
: We conduct risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management to protect our customers and business, including fraud that involves our Partners and Merchants and strategic ventures.
Associate information about you:
if you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g., Pay Without a PayPal account), we may associate such transactions with your PayPal account if you have one or later establish an account.
If you use one of the following Services: Fastlane, Venmo, and PayPal Honey; we may associate information about your transactions and experiences using these Services to personalize content and offers and improve your use of the PayPal services.
Market our Services
: We may use Personal Information to market our Services including where we partner with others to offer similar services to market about our Partners and Merchants. We use Personal Information,
including when we associate information about you,
to better understand and cater to your interests.
Communicate with you
: We may contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Comply with Laws:
to comply with applicable laws and rules and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our Services.
Process information about your contacts:
to make it easy for you to find and connect them, improve payment accuracy and suggest connections with people you may know.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
Create an account connection between your account and a third-party account or platform
: such as with a social media account or a financial institution in connection with your participation in Open Banking.
Send you locally relevant options
: If you agree to let us track your precise location, we can customize our Services by using the right language and personalizing content such as providing location-based options, functionality or offers, ads and search results.
Even if you don’t allow us to track your location, we may still use your address to send you location-based options recommended by businesses that are near to your address.
Develop product recommendations
: We may use insights from purchases and other behaviors on our and our Partner or Merchant websites or apps to develop product recommendations about products, brands, sizes, preferences and styles that we provide to our Partners and Merchants so that they can recommend relevant products to you.
Remember your preferences
: We may remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
Personalize your experience
: When you use Services, as well as other third-party sites and services, we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See our
Cookie Statement
for more details.
Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties for money or share your Personal Information for cross context behavioral advertising, including any sensitive personal information.
However, we may disclose customer insights, product recommendations, sizes, and preferences to Partners and Merchants to help them and us improve your shopping experience to make it more convenient and personalized for you.
If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants through Fastlane, we will disclose your Fastlane profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction on participating Partners and Merchants sites.
We will also disclose your Personal Information with third parties to help us provide Services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose your sensitive personal information as appropriate to carry out legitimate business activities allowed by law.
Read more about our sharing practices below.
In addition, we may disclose Personal Information with the following categories of third parties:
Excluded Services
, including Venmo to provide you with the Services, personalize your use of the Services, to manage our business; or with PayPal Honey to manage our Rewards program.
Authorities
, if compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure; when it is necessary to do so to comply with law; or where the disclosure of Personal Information is reasonably necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of the relevant agreement, or as otherwise required by law that requires PayPal or Excluded Services to respond. Such authorities include courts, governments, law enforcement, and regulators. We may also be required to provide other third parties information about your use of our Services, for example to comply with card association rules, to investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement or to prevent physical harm or illegal activity.
Other financial institutions
, to jointly offer a product, such as PayPal Credit, PayPal Savings, PayPal Cashback Mastercard and PayPal Extra Mastercard.
Card networks and payment processors,
to facilitate payment processing or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions with Fastlane, your Personal Information will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider.
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud.
Credit reporting and debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency.
Service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations.
Other PayPal Account Holders to complete a transaction
. Some Personal Information is disclosed to other PayPal account holders as required to complete a payment transaction. This includes your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, and phone number.
Other Users in accordance with your account settings
. In accordance with your
account settings
or PayPal.Me preferences, your Personal Information can be seen by other account holders and non-account holders (“Users”) to help facilitate a transaction. For example, as part of the send money feature, a User may search for your account to initiate a payment. Based on your account settings, the information shown to other Users may include your username, profile photo, first and last name, email, phone number, city and state, month and year of PayPal account creation, and any additional information you include in the details or “about you” section of your account.
Other Users if you have a business profile
.  If you have a business profile, we will display a payment link and disclose certain information about you to other Users, including your name or business name, profile picture or logo, and the city associated with your PayPal account, as well as total time selling with us, total number of followers, and total number of unique Users that have paid you in the past year.
If you have a business profile, you can choose to display other information to other Users, such as your street address, phone number, email and website, in accordance with your business profile settings.
Linked accounts
, for example any social media accounts you asked us to link or when you link an account with another bank or
financial institutions,
card account, or aggregator
in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, so we can check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account.
Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users using the Services, pay Recipients using Visa+, or return goods we may disclose information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. We may also disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions.  For example, when you visit a participating Partner or Merchant site or app, the Partner or Merchant can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process.
For our PayPal customers
, we may disclose your Personal Information to Partners and Merchants that you and we interact with, to help ourselves and Partners and Merchants personalize services and offers so you can have a better and more relevant experience.  Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, sizes, preferences, and styles we think you’ll like.
Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we disclose Personal Information collected you after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences.
To opt-out of disclosures or Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting.
If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate, but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchant for personalized shopping experiences.
Please note
that Personal Information disclosed to Partners and Merchants (or their
service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners' and Merchants' own privacy policies and
procedures. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of Partners and Merchants.
Other third parties
, for example we disclose Personal Information to advertising platforms at your direction, or security service providers to help prevent unauthorized access to our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the Personal Information that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. We may also use Google Address Autofill to ensure accuracy of your address. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the Personal Information you share with them.
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
,
for example if we are involved in a merger, a purchase or sale of all or part of our business or assets, including receivables and debts, we may disclose, under appropriate data protection terms, your Personal Information to an interested or actual buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Information may also be disclosed.
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or is permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Information used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years, unless we need to keep it longer, such as:
a legal obligation or compliance with laws to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations
litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
We retain biometric data for as long as needed or permitted given the purpose for which it was collected and no more than 3 years after your account closes, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “Cookies”) to recognize you as a user, customize your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Services.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and generate inferences as described above.
You can disable or decline some Cookies for our Services. But, since some parts of our service rely on Cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use.
Some web browsers have an optional setting called “Do Not Track” (DNT) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won’t function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings.
If you want to know more about how we use cookies, please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
. To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit
About Ads
.
Your Data Protection Rights
Your rights to access, correction, deletion, and restriction to use or share your Personal Information.
Under applicable data protection law, depending upon the jurisdiction in which you reside and subject to applicable exceptions and definitional differences among various state laws, you may have certain rights about how your Personal Information is collected, stored, used and shared.
We recognize the importance of your ability to control the use of your Personal Information and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know your information), right to know third-parties to which we have disclosed Personal Information, correction, deletion (erasure), and to restrict certain information (right to opt-out of sharing and right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information).
Certain state laws also provide residents of those states with the right to opt out of the “sale” (disclosing Personal Information in exchange for money or other consideration) or “sharing” (disclosing Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising) of your Personal Information or use of your Personal Information for certain types of targeted advertising.  Global Privacy Control settings is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising. PayPal does not respond to the Global Privacy Control signal because we do not sell or share your data.
We will not deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights; although, certain personalized services for PayPal customers may not provide the same level of personalization with limited data sharing. If you are a California resident, learn more about how we handle your
Privacy Rights
.
How do you exercise your rights?
If you, or an authorized agent where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information,
contact us
or submit your request from your account settings. If you have a PayPal account, you can exercise your privacy rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from account settings in the PayPal app.
If you, or an authorized agent where permitted, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information in your Fastlane profile,
contact us
or submit your request from your Fastlane profile management portal.
Even if you do not have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, correction, or deletion of your Personal Information by contacting us at the number provided in our
Contact Information
section.
We’ll first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. We may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will compare the information you submit against our internal business records to verify your identity. If we can’t verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your request. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process.
Your
right to request a copy of the Personal Information
. If you want to request the data we’ve collected about you in the past 12 months, you have choices:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and submit a request
Call or contact us
and request that we provide you with the data we’ve collected.
Your right
to correct your Personal Information:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and correct any information that you've previously added. For example, you can edit your addresses in your settings
Call or contact us
and request that we correct specific information
Your right
to delete your Personal Information:
Log in to your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile management portal, and delete any information that you've previously added. For example, you may delete your non-primary addresses in your settings
Call us or contact us
and request that we delete specific information
Close your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile
If you close your PayPal or Xoom account, or Fastlane profile, or request that we delete Personal Information, we still need to keep some Personal Information as explained in
How long does PayPal store your Personal Information
section so we can:
Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Protect your (or another person’s) legal rights, including the right to free speech
Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our Services
Comply with laws and other legal or governmental processes
California also offers a right to opt out of “Selling” and “Sharing” Personal Information. The Global Privacy Control setting is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their personal information. PayPal does not respond to these settings because we do not sell or share data. Some personal information collected, processed, or disclosed by a financial institution are subject to federal laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Consumers may read our
Consumer Privacy Notice
for more information about their rights under US federal law.
Understanding your choices
You can control how Personal Information is collected or disclosed, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices.
Choose how we collect Personal Information
You may choose to limit the Personal Information you provide when our apps or Services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it’s important to understand that Personal Information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some Personal Information is required for our Services to function.
For example, sharing your contacts helps make it easier for you to find the people you want to send money to. If you choose not to share your contacts with us, you can still use our mobile apps, but some actions may not be as fast or easy as it would be if you shared your contacts. Another example is creating an account or Fastlane profile with us. If you choose not to provide information that is required for an account or Fastlane profile to function, like your name and email address, we will not be able to create an account or Fastlane profile for you.
Choose how linked accounts collect and use Personal Information
If you link your account to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your Personal Information is collected, used, and shared by them. Read the third parties’ privacy policies to see the choices they offer you.
You can control which third-party services you link to your account and what Personal Information they can collect about you. For example, to manage the permissions, go to the Security settings in your PayPal account.
Choose what we disclose with other Users
Some Personal Information may be seen by other Users. You may be able to adjust or turn off this setting in the Data and Privacy section in your account settings.
Choose what we share with Partners and Merchants for Personalized Shopping
Unless we are required by law to obtain your consent, we share Personal Information collected after November 27, 2024 (or from earlier if you consent) for personalized shopping experiences. Personal Information we disclose includes, for example, products, preferences, sizes, and styles we think you’ll like. To opt-out of Personal Information sharing with Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences, log into your PayPal account and edit your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting. If you opt-out, we will continue to disclose your Personal Information as necessary to complete transactions you initiate but will not disclose Personal Information to Partners and Merchants for personalized shopping experiences.
Choose how we communicate with you
Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts or Fastlane profile with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone calls or paper mail depending on the situation and your preferences.
You can click the unsubscribe link in a PayPal or Fastlane marketing email, opt-out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account’s notification settings or the notification preferences on your device.
You won’t be able to opt-out of messages that are considered necessary for the Services, such as digital receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account or Fastlane profile's status. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account/Fastlane profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Information that we share with a third-party based on a linked account connection that you have authorized.
Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Information, from children under the age of 13 or other individuals who are not legally allowed to use our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
We do not sell to third parties for money, or share Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age, for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising.
Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device.
Excluded Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates, or subsidiaries of PayPal, who process Personal Information in accordance with their own terms of service and separate privacy statements. Examples include Venmo, Honey Science LLC, Chargehound LLC, Hyperwallet, Simility, Swift Financial LLC, and Bill Me Later, Inc
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partners and Merchants means our partners and the merchants, partners or businesses that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay Without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services. Pay Without a PayPal account does not include Venmo, which is subject to its own terms of service and separate privacy statement.
PayPal means PayPal, Inc. which offers PayPal, Xoom, Unbranded Payment Services, and Fastlane profile services.
Personal Information in this Privacy Statement means information about you, including your identity, finances and online behavior.
Sell under California law is defined as the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Services means any PayPal, Unbranded Payment Services, Pay Without a PayPal account, Fastlane, Xoom, Zettle (including Tap to Pay), bill pay, Rewards, sending or receiving money, credit products and services, including those offered with our Partners and Merchants, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal, with the exception of the Excluded Services. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sharing under California law is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s Personal Information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means when you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card processing and/or ACH origination services that do not carry the PayPal brand or when you use our Braintree or Zettle services.
Our Contact Information
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement or your Personal Information, contact us so we can help.
To talk about your PayPal account or Unbranded Payment Services:
Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161
or
visit our Customer Service web portal
To talk about your Fastlane profile:
Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555
Or visit your
Fastlane profile management portal
To talk about your Xoom account:
Call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531
or
visit our Help Center web portal
CCPA California Notice at Collection
Most of the Personal Information we collect is subject to federal and state privacy laws that apply to financial institutions. To the extent the Personal Information is not subject to these federal and state financial privacy laws and to the extent it is collected in California about California residents, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may apply. The following section pertains only to Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA (“CCPA personal information”) and makes statements that reference unique definitions and requirements of law.
This CCPA California Notice at Collection describes: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of “CCPA personal information” we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose CCPA personal information for a business purpose, and/or (b) “share” CCPA personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” and/or (c) “sell” such CCPA personal information, as applicable.
Under California law, “sharing” is defined as the sharing or disclosure of CCPA personal information by a business to a third party, for the targeting of advertising to a consumer, based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s CCPA activity across businesses, websites, applications, or services, other than those with which a consumer uses or directs a business to internally disclose CCPA personal information or intentionally interact with one or more third parties. “Selling” is defined as the disclosure of CCPA personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, but does not apply to such disclosures when a consumer uses or directs a business to intentionally disclose CCPA personal information or interact with one or more third parties.
We do not sell or share your CCPA personal information, including any Sensitive CCPA personal information, outside the exceptions.
We also do not sell or share, and have no actual knowledge that we have sold or shared any CCPA personal information of anyone under 16 years of age.
For more information about each category, purpose of use, and the third parties to which we disclose CCPA personal information, please see the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect”, “How is Personal Information used,” and “Do We Disclose Personal Information” sections.
Categories of Personal Information
Purpose of Collection
Categories of 3
rd
Parties to which PayPal discloses this Personal Information for Business Purpose
Identifiers
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Link an account
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Comply with laws
Process information about your contacts
Communicate with you
Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services
Remember your preferences
Associate information about you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Card Networks and Payment Processors
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
Credit Reporting Agencies
Service providers
Other Users in accordance with account settings
Linked Accounts
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties
Buyers in connection with a business transfer
Records and Financial Information
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Link an account
Keep your account and Fastlane profile and financial information up to date
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services Personalize your experience
Provide personalized Services
Comply with Laws
Process information about your contacts
Communicate with you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Card Networks and Payment Processors
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
Credit Reporting Agencies
Service Providers, other
Other Users in accordance with account settings
Linked Accounts
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties for business purposes
Buyers in connection with a business transfer
Commercial information
Provide Services
Communicate with you
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Comply with Laws
Remember your preferences
Associate information about you
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Other third parties
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Other Users if you have a business profile
Geolocation Data
Send you location-based options
Manage fraud and risk
Authorities
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Internet or network activity
Operate and provide Services,
Communicate with you
Manage and improve Services
Market our Services
Send you locally relevant options
Comply with law
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Partners and Merchants
Authorities
Biometric
Authenticate you for certain actions related to your account, including to:
meet regulatory requirements or before you access accounts and services
recover passwords
update profile info
manage payments and payment methods
lift account limitations
initiate third-party crypto currency transfers
Service Providers
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
Provide Services
Authenticate your access to an account or Fastlane profile
Manage and improve Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Professional or employment information
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Information about your imported contacts
Provide Services
Service Providers
Information in your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile
Provide Services
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Other financial institutions
Information you provide when you contact us
Provide Services
Authenticate your access to an account or Fastlane profile
Manage and improve Services
Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Inferred data
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
Market our Services
Display content based on your interest
Better respond to your requests or inquiries or for similar customer service issues
Verify your identity
Conduct risk assessment
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Sensitive Personal Information
Provide Services
Manage fraud and risk
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Provide our Services
Manage risk
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Authorities
Information from your device
Provide Services
Manage and improve our Services
Manage fraud and risk
Communicate with you
Link an account
Market our Services
Personalize your experience
Comply with laws
PayPal and PayPal Companies
Service Providers
Other financial institutions
Merchants and Partners
Authorities
US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and uses PayPal Services for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
This Consumer Privacy Notice does not apply to Unbranded Payment Services.
Rev. November 2024
FACTS
WHAT DOES PAYPAL DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and account balances
Payment history or transaction history
Credit history or credit scores
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons PayPal chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does PayPal share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes –
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes –
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
Yes for PayPal accounts Only
No for all other GLBA covered products and services (including Fastlane)
Yes for PayPal accounts Only. We don’t share for all other GLBA covered products and services (including Fastlane)
Questions?
Call our customer service at 1-888-221-1161or visit us at
/smarthelp/contact-us/privacy
.
To limit our sharing
To limit our sharing
You may limit our sharing by logging into you PayPal account and editing your preferences in the Data and Privacy setting.
Please note:
If you are an existing PayPal customer who had a PayPal account before November 27, 2024, we only share personal information collected after November 27, 2024, unless you opt-out. We may share information from earlier in your account, which allows for even better personalization, if you affirmatively consent by editing your preferences in your Data and Privacy settings.
If you are a customer who opened a PayPal account after November 27, 2024, we can begin sharing information associated with your account. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
Who we are
Who is providing this Privacy
Statement
?
This privacy notice is provided by PayPal, Inc. and is applicable to your personal U.S. PayPal and Xoom accounts, and Fastlane profile.
What we do
How does PayPal protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does PayPal collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or provide account information
use your credit or debit card or give us your contact information
use your PayPal and/or Xoom account to send or receive funds
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include Bill Me Later, Inc.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include financial companies and banks.
Other important information
We may transfer Personal Information to other countries, for example, for customer service or to process transactions.
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) permits consumers who are California residents to ask businesses covered under the CCPA about Personal Information it has collected about the consumer, submit an access or deletion request, and opt-out of the sale of Personal Information, if applicable. These provisions do not apply to personal information collected, processed, shared, or disclosed by financial institutions pursuant to federal law such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Please see our
California, North Dakota, and Vermont Supplemental Financial Privacy Notice
for more information. Contact us if you have questions about our privacy statement, this consumer notice, or your Personal Information. If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a California mailing address, we will not share Personal Information we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.
To talk about your PayPal account, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 or visit our
Customer Service web portal
. To talk about your Xoom account, call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 or visit our
Help Center web portal
. To talk about your Fastlane profile, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-844-705-3555 or visit your
Fastlane profile management portal
.
Vermont
: If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a Vermont mailing address, We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found at
Customer Service web portal
or call 1-888-221-1161
Nevada
: If your PayPal or Xoom account or Fastlane profile has a Nevada mailing address, we are providing this notice pursuant to Nevada law. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from PayPal, you may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by calling 1-888-221-1161 or going to
/smarthelp/home
. For more information, you can contact PayPal at 12312 Port Grace Blvd, La Vista, NE 68128 or you can contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; telephone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: Aginfo@ag.nv.gov
Sub-policy 14
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy:
<< Back To Home Page
PayPal Data Protection Addendum For Card Processing Products
1. Definitions
2. PayPal as a Controller
3. Processing of Customer Data in Connection with the Payment Services
4. Merchant Notice to Customers
5. Mutual Assistance
6. Cross Border Data Transfers
Attachment 1
PayPal Data Protection Addendum For Card Processing Products
Last updated on February 5, 2025
This PayPal Data Protection Addendum for Card Processing Products (this "Addendum") applies to any product, service, or other offering where a member of the PayPal Group ("PayPal") provides card processing, gateway and/or fraud protection services (the "Payment Services") to you. This Addendum does not apply to PayPal wallet services such as pay with PayPal, Venmo, or PayPal’s pay later offers. This Addendum forms part of the applicable agreement between you ("you" or "Merchant") and PayPal that governs PayPal’s provision of the Payment Services to you (the "Agreement") and is incorporated by reference therein. In the event there is any conflict between the terms of this Addendum and the Agreement, the terms of this Addendum will control. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meaning set out in the Agreement.
This Addendum is effective as of the later of (i) the effective date specified in the Agreement or (ii) the effective date stated in the notice posted or provided to you in connection with this Addendum. We may amend this Addendum from time to time. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it on our website, unless otherwise noted. If our changes reduce your rights or increase your responsibilities, we will post a notice on the "
Policy Updates
" page of our website within the timeframe required by the Agreement. If you do not agree with any change to this Addendum, you may discontinue your use of the Payment Services.
1. Definitions
The following terms have the following meanings when used in Part A of this Addendum:
"Controller"
means an entity that determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, or, if such term (or terms addressing similar data protection and privacy roles) is defined in Data Protection Law, "Controller" shall have the meaning as defined in the applicable Data Protection Law including a "Business" as defined in the CCPA.
"Customer"
means your customers who use the Payment Services and for the purposes of Part A of this Addendum, are data subjects.
"Customer Data"
means any Personal Data that (i) the Customer provides to you and you may pass on to PayPal through the use by you of the Payment Services or that (ii) PayPal may collect from the Customer directly.
"Data Protection Laws"
means any applicable data protection laws, regulations, directives and regulatory requirements applicable to PayPal’s provision of the Payment Services, including any amendments thereto and any associated regulations or instruments (e.g., the California Consumer Privacy Act 2018, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CCPA"), the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada), the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap.486) (Hong Kong), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, Federal Law no. 13,709/2018 and the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (Singapore)).
"PayPal Group"
means PayPal, Inc. and all company entities which PayPal, or its successor(s), directly or indirectly from time to time owns or controls.
"Personal Data"
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (a "data subject"); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
"Process"
or
"Processed"
or
"Processing"
means any operation or set of operations performed upon Personal Data, including collection, recording, retention, sharing, organization, storage, access, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure, dissemination, making available, alignment, combination, blocking, deleting, erasure, or destruction.
2. PayPal as a Controller
PayPal shall comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Laws applicable to Controllers in respect of the Processing of Customer Data under this Addendum (including without limitation, by implementing and maintaining at all times all appropriate security measures in relation to the Processing of Customer Data) and shall not knowingly do anything or permit anything to be done with respect to the Customer Data that likely would lead to a breach by Merchant of the Data Protection Laws. PayPal shall only transfer Customer Data to third parties, sub-processors or members of the PayPal Group who shall sign written agreements which contain terms for the protection of Customer Data, which are no less protective than the terms set out in this Addendum.
3. Processing of Customer Data in Connection with the Payment Services
The parties acknowledge and agree that Merchant and PayPal are each independent Controllers in respect of all Customer Data Processed in connection with the Payment Services. As such, PayPal independently determines the purpose and the means of the Processing of such Customer Data and is not a joint Controller with Merchant with respect to such Customer Data. The parties acknowledge and agree that PayPal is permitted to use, reproduce and Process Customer Data and payment transaction data for the following limited purposes:
as reasonably necessary to provide and improve the Payment Services to Merchant and Merchant’s Customers, including fraud protection tools;
to monitor, prevent, and detect fraudulent payment transactions and to prevent harm to Merchant, PayPal, and to third parties,
to comply with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to the Processing and retention of payment data to which PayPal is subject, including applicable anti-money laundering and identity verification obligations;
to analyze, develop, and improve PayPal’s products and services;
internal usage, including but not limited to, data analytics and metrics;
to compile and disclose Customer Data and payment transaction data in the aggregate where Merchant’s individual or Customer Data is not identifiable, including calculating Merchant’s averages by region or industry;
complying with applicable legal requirements and assisting law enforcement agencies by responding to requests for the disclosure of information in accordance with laws; and
any other purpose that it notifies Merchant so long as such purpose is in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
4. Merchant Notice to Customers
Merchant shall (i) notify Customers in their privacy policy that PayPal is an independent Controller for the purpose of Processing Customer Data and (ii) include a link to the PayPal privacy statement available at
braintreepayments.com
in Merchant’s privacy policy.
5. Mutual Assistance
The parties agree to co-operate with each other to the extent reasonably necessary to enable the other party to adequately discharge their responsibility as an independent Controller under Data Protection Laws. The parties agree that to the extent Merchant receives a subject access request or any exercise by a Customer of its rights under Data Protection Laws, Merchant shall respond to such Customer’s access request directly. Merchant also shall inform the Customer that they may exercise their data subject rights in connection with the Payment Services with PayPal according to the instructions described in the Privacy Statement available at
www.paypal.com
. In addition, if in connection with any security incident, PayPal determines in its sole discretion that it must notify affected Customers and PayPal does not have the necessary contact information about an affected Customer to make such communication, then Merchant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide PayPal with information about Customers that Merchant may possess for the limited purpose of PayPal’s compliance with applicable notification obligations regarding affected Customers under Data Protection Laws.
6. Cross Border Data Transfers
We each agree that PayPal may transfer Customer Data Processed under the Addendum outside the country where it was collected as necessary to provide the Payment Services. If PayPal transfers Customer Data protected under this Addendum to a jurisdiction for which the applicable regulatory authority for the country in which the data was collected has not issued an adequacy decision (an "Adequacy Decision”), PayPal will ensure that appropriate safeguards have been implemented for the transfer of Customer Data in accordance with the applicable Data Protection Laws. For example, and for purposes of compliance with the GDPR, PayPal relies on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent supervisory authorities and other data transfer mechanisms for transfers of Customer Data within the PayPal Group.
To the extent you transfer Customer Data to a PayPal Group member located in a country that has not received an Adequacy Decisions in respect of your Customers located in the European Union, Switzerland, the Europeans Economic Area, and/or their member states or the United Kingdom, the parties each agree that (i) to the extent applicable, your signing of the Agreement will be deemed to be signature and acceptance of the European Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to the GDPR ("EU Transfer Clauses”) and, in case of any transfers of personal data from United Kingdom, it will be deemed to be signature and acceptance of the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU Commission Standard Contractual Clauses issued on 2 February 2022 by the UK Information Commissioner under section 119A(1) Data Protection Act 2018 (the “UK Addendum”), by Merchant, as the data exporter and in the role of controller, (ii) to the extent applicable, the PayPal Group member’s signature of the Agreement will be deemed to be signature and acceptance of the EU Transfer Clauses and, in case of any transfers of personal data from United Kingdom, the UK Addendum by such PayPal Group member, as the data importer and in the role of controller; and (iii) the Parties shall be subject to the Module 1 provisions of the EU Transfer Clauses. In the event the European Commission or the UK Secretary of State (or other applicable UK authorized body) revises and thereafter publishes, respectively, new EU Transfer Clauses or other UK contractual mechanism to be used instead of the UK Addendum to legitimize personal data transfer outside the United Kingdom (“UK Clauses”), the Parties agree that, respectively, such new EU Transfer Clauses or UK Clauses will supersede the present EU Transfer Clauses or UK Addendum, as applicable, and that they will take all such actions required to effect the execution of the new EU Transfer Clauses or UK Clauses, as applicable. The EU Transfer Clauses (Module 1) and, in case of any transfers of personal data from United Kingdom, the UK Addendum will each be incorporated into the Agreement by reference and will be considered duly executed between the Parties upon entering into force of this Agreement subject to the following details:
A) EU Transfer Clauses
in case of any transfers of personal data from Switzerland, subject exclusively to the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection and other data protection laws of Switzerland (“Swiss Data Protection Laws”), general and specific references in the EU Transfer Clauses to: (a) Regulation (EU) 2016/679 or EU or Member State Law, shall have the same meaning as the equivalent reference in the Swiss Data Protection Laws; and (b) “Member State” or “EU Member State” or “EU” shall be read as references to Switzerland;
in accordance with Clause 13 (Supervision), the competent Supervisory Authority shall be the (i) the National Commission for Data Protection (CNDP) in Luxembourg, or (ii) where the data exporter is established in Switzerland or falls within the territorial scope of application of the Swiss Data Protection Laws, Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner insofar as the relevant data transfer is governed by Swiss Data Protection Laws;
option 1 of Clause 17 (Governing law) shall apply and the laws of Luxembourg shall govern the EU Transfer Clauses;
in accordance with Clause 18 (Choice of forum and jurisdiction), the courts of Luxembourg will resolve any dispute arising out of the EU Transfer Clauses; and
the Parties agree that the details required under the EU Transfer Clauses Appendix are as set forth in Attachment 1.
B) UK Addendum
Part 1 - Tables:
Table 1 “Parties” shall be: (a) the Merchant as data exporter and (b) PayPal as data importer, both with registered address, official registration number and key contacts (full name, job title, contact details) as provided in the Agreement and signature and start date as set out in these EU Transfer Clauses;
under Table 2 “Selected SCCs, Modules and Selected Clauses”, the UK Addendum is appended to the EU Transfer Clauses issued on 4 June 2021 including the Appendix Information;
Table 3 “Appendix Information” will be the information as set out in the Appendix of the EU Transfer Clauses, which is incorporated under Attachment 1; and
with reference to Table 4 “Ending of this addendum when Approved Addendum Changes,” the ability to end the UK Addendum shall be applied to either Party provided the Agreement is terminated at the same time, or upon agreement by both Parties.
Part 2 - Mandatory Clauses of the Approved Addendum, being the template Addendum B.1.0 issued by the ICO and laid before Parliament in accordance with s119A of the Data Protection Act 2018 on 2 February 2022, as it is revised under Section ‎‎18 of those Mandatory Clauses.
It is understood that the EU Transfer Clauses and the UK Addendum as set out above shall only apply to transfers of Personal Data that, in the absence of the application of the same would cause either party to breach applicable Data Protection Laws.
Attachment 1
Appendix to the EU Transfer Clauses
A) The following is applicable, to the extent required, under the EU Transfer Clauses
Annex 1.A. List of Parties
Data Exporter
Name and Address: The data exporter is the Merchant, and the address is as provided in the Agreement
Contact person’s name, position and contact details: as provided in the Agreement
Activities relevant to the data transferred under the Standard Contractual Clause: as provided in the Agreement
Signature and date: please see the "Cross Border Transfers” section of this Addendum
Role (controller/processor): controller
Data Importer
Name and Address: The data importer is the member of the PayPal Group providing the services pursuant to the Agreement and the address is as provided in the Agreement
Contact person’s name, position and contact details: as provided in the Agreement
Activities relevant to the data transferred under the Standard Contractual Clause: as provided in the Agreement Signature and date: please see the "Cross Border Transfers” section of this Addendum
Role (controller/processor): controller
Annex 1.B. Description of Transfer
Data subjects Whose Personal Data is Transferred
The personal data transferred concern the following categories of data subjects:
The data exporter’s customers, employees and other business contacts.
Categories of data
The personal data transferred may include the following categories of data:
Name, amount to be charged, date/time, bank account details, payment card details, CVC code, post code, country code, address, email address, fax, phone, website, expiry data, shipping details, tax status, unique customer identifier, IP Address, location, and any other data received by PayPal under the Agreement.
Sensitive data (if appropriate) and Applied Restrictions or Safeguards
The personal data transferred concern the following categories of sensitive data:
Not applicable, unless Merchant configures the service to capture such data. Applies restrictions and safeguards:
Not applicable, unless Merchant configures the service to capture such data.
Nature of the Processing
As set forth in the Agreement.
Purposes of the transfer(s)
The transfer is made for the following purposes:
Performance of the services provided by data importer to data exporter in accordance with the Agreement.
To identify fraudulent activity and risk that is, or may, affect the data importer, the data exporter or other customers of the data importer.
To comply with laws applicable to the data importer.
As set forth in the Data Protection Addendum.
The Period for which the Personal Data will be Retained, or, if that is not Possible, the Criteria Used to Determine that Period
The data importer only retains the personal data for as long as is necessary with regards the relevant purpose(s) it was collected for (please see purposes above). To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, the data importer considers the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal data, the purposes for which the personal data is processed and whether such purposes can be achieved through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
For transfers to (Sub-) Processors, also Specify Subject Matter, Nature and Duration of the Processing
The data importer may share personal data with third-party service providers that perform services and functions at the data importer’s direction and on its behalf. These third-party service providers may, for example, provide an element of the services provided under the Agreement such as customer verification, transaction processing or customer support, or provide a service to the data importer that supports the services provided under the agreement such as storage. When determining the duration of the processing undertaken by the third-party service providers, the data importer applies the criteria provided above in this Annex1.B.
Annex 1.C. Supervisory Authority
In accordance with Clause 13(a) of the EU Transfer Clauses, the supervisory authority with responsibility for ensuring compliance by the data exporter with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 as regards the data transfer, as indicated shall act as competent supervisory authority.
Annex II. Technical and Organisations Measures Including Technical and Organisational Measures to Ensure the Security of the Data
1. Pseudonymization, Encryption and the Protection of Data During Transmission.
PayPal’s policies ensure compliance with this principle and require the use of technical controls to prevent the risk of disclosure of personal data. PayPal employs encryption in transit and at rest for all personal data. We also employ industry standard pseudonymization techniques, such as tokenization to protect personal data where applicable. PayPal has comprehensive policies that provide key obligations and processes to protect data when it is transferred within the enterprise and externally with third parties.
2. Change Management and Business Continuity.
PayPal’s robust change management process protects the ongoing availability and resiliency of data and systems throughout their lifecycle by ensuring that changes are planned, approved, executed, and reviewed appropriately. The Company’s business continuity management process provides a framework for building organizational resilience with the capability of an effective response that safeguards the interests of its key stakeholders.
3. Disaster Recovery.
PayPal’s robust disaster recovery program has processes for recovering information or technology systems in the event of any significant disruption, focusing on the IT systems that support critical business processes and customer activities. PayPal’s technology infrastructure is housed in multiple secure data centers, with primary and secondary capability, each equipped with network and security infrastructure, dedicated application and database servers and storage.
4. Regular Testing, Assessment and Evaluating Effectiveness of Technical and Organizational measures.
PayPal regularly plans, executes and reports on the results of the Company’s testing program to assess and evaluate the effectiveness of its technological and organizational measures. The program is managed through our enterprise risk and compliance team who work with relevant stakeholders to obtain and evaluate information required for testing, reporting and remediating as necessary.
5. User Identification and Authorization.
PayPal’s access management processes require users to log into the corporate network using a unique corporate network account ID and password for user identification and authentication before accessing any other in-scope applications. Automated policies regarding password composition, length, change, reuse, and lockout are applied. Role-based access and approvals, which are certified quarterly, are implemented across all in-scope systems to enforce least privileged principle.
6. Physical Security of Locations Where Personal Data is Processed.
PayPal global safety and security policies and processes set forth the requirements necessary to facilitate sounds safety and security processes, including physical security, in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and partner requirements. Special emphasis is placed on security systems and safeguards when constructing special or sensitive areas such as mail rooms, equipment storage, shipping and receiving areas, computer/server rooms, communications vaults or classified document/information storage areas in accordance with the Company’s information security handling standard.
7. Events Logging and Configuration.
PayPal has outlined and defined event logging and monitoring types and attributes. The Company collects and aggregates several types of logs to the centralized security monitoring system. Standard configuration management control is in place to ensure logs are collected from the systems, and then forwarded to our centralized security monitoring system. PayPal policies and supporting processes set forth that system configuration and hardening baselines must be implemented across all systems.
8. IT Governance and Management; Certification and Assurance of Processes and Products.
PayPal promotes a strong security philosophy across the Company. Our Chief Information Security Officer oversees information security across our global enterprise. As part of our Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Program, our Technology Oversight and Information Security Program is designed to support the Company in managing technology and information security risks and identifying, protecting, detecting, responding to and recovering from information security threats. PayPal certifies and assures its processes and products through a variety of enterprise programs, including (i) audits and assessments of PayPal’s technical industry standard obligations including but not limited to, ISO 27001, Payment Card Industry’s (PCI) applicable standards (DSS, PIN, P2PE, etc.) and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) SOC-1 and SOC-2, (ii) Risk Control Identification Process (RCIP) which ensures early engagement and a standard approach to the measurement, management, and monitoring of risk associated with the development and release of product solutions, (iii) privacy impact assessments which are integrated into the early stages of the product and software development processes, and (iv) a comprehensive third party management program, which provides assurance through continuous management of risks throughout the lifecycle of an engagement with a third party.
9. Data Minimization.
Our policies require, through technical controls, that data elements collected and generated are those which are adequate, relevant, and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed. PayPal’s privacy impact assessment processes ensure compliance with these policies.
10. Data Quality and Retention.
PayPal’s access and quality policy ensures that all personal data is correct, complete, and up to date, enabling individual users to access the system to correct and modify their particulars (e.g., address, contact details etc.), and, where a request for correction is received from a data subject, to provide a service which delivers their right to correction. Our data governance program monitors data quality, issues and remediations, as necessary. We require that all data be classified according to its business value with assigned retention periods, which is based upon PayPal’s legal, regulatory, and business recordkeeping requirements. Upon expiration of the retention period, data and information is disposed, deleted, or destroyed.
11. Accountability.
PayPal has developed a set of information security, technology, data governance, third party management and privacy policies and principles that are aligned to industry standards and designed to engage stakeholder collaboration and partnership in awareness and compliance with such policies and controls across the organization to ensure participation and accountability from the top down across the organization. Each program defines accountabilities for cross-functional data related decisions, processes and controls. As a data controller, PayPal is responsible for and demonstrates compliance with the relevant articles carrying an accountability obligation in the GDPR and other applicable data protection laws through the implementation of a privacy program policy and an underlying layered organizational and technical control structure to ensure enterprise-wide compliance with privacy law, regulation, policy, and procedures. These include being able to demonstrate compliance with the data protection laws through: 1) a strong culture of compliance, 2) an enterprise risk and compliance governance structure which includes management committees, oversight roles, privacy reporting, 3) business function accountability for compliance with the privacy program including establishment, documentation and maintenance of business processes and controls, 4) a global privacy department within the Enterprise Compliance Organization to oversee business compliance with the privacy program and define policies, standards, procedures, and tools which are operationalized by business functions, 5) communications to the enterprise by the global privacy function to promote awareness and understanding of privacy, 6) Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Framework to ensure the use of consistent processes including privacy impact assessments, privacy monitoring and testing, privacy issue management, privacy training, annual privacy plan, and 7) reporting and analysis to management committees which oversee the Privacy Program.
12. Data Subject Rights.
PayPal has a program in place to ensure data subject rights are fulfilled, including access, correction and erasure. Data erasure requests are fulfilled unless PayPal has a legal, regulatory obligation or other legitimate business reason to retain it. PayPal’s policies ensures that erasure occurs throughout the customer lifecycle.
13. Processors.
PayPal has a comprehensive third-party management program, which provides assurance through continuous management of risks throughout the lifecycle of an engagement with a third party. We have contractual controls in place to require our processors and their subprocessors to put in place comprehensive data security and privacy standards throughout the processing chain. All subprocessors must require our advance approval before being engaged.
Sub-policy 15
https://www.zoho.com/de/privacy.html?lb=de:
Bei Zoho verwenden wir keine Software von Drittanbietern, um die Besucher
                    unserer Website zu verfolgen. Wir nehmen Ihre Privatsphäre ernst und verwenden unsere eigenen
                    Tools, die in unseren Rechenzentren gehostet werden. Ihre Daten gehören Ihnen, und wir werden
                    sie niemals zu Werbezwecken verwenden. Sie können
hier
mehr über unsere Cookie-Richtlinie erfahren und Ihre
                        Einstellungen jederzeit ändern.
Cookies verwalten
Alle Cookies akzeptieren
Unnötige Cookies ablehnen
Schließen
Einstellungen zu Cookies
Mit den nachstehenden Optionen können Sie Ihre Zustimmung zu den Cookies, die auf dieser Website
                    gesetzt werden, verwalten. Sie können Ihre Einstellungen jederzeit ändern, indem Sie
                    unsere
Cookie-Richtlinie
aufrufen oder auf das Cookie-Symbol in der linken unteren
                        Ecke der Webseite klicken.
Unbedingt notwendig
Immer aktiviert
Diese Cookies sind notwendig, damit unsere Website funktioniert und können in
                                unseren Systemen nicht abgeschaltet werden. Erst diese Cookies ermöglichen es
                                Ihnen, innerhalb der Website zu navigieren und ihre Funktionen zu verwenden. Wenn Sie
                                diese Cookies deaktivieren oder aus Ihrem Browser entfernen, können wir nicht
                                garantieren, dass Sie unsere Website nutzen können.
Weitere
                                Informationen
Funktional/Präferenz
Mithilfe von Cookies können wir die von Ihnen getroffenen Einstellungen (wie Ihren
                                Benutzernamen, Ihre Sprache oder Ihre Region) sowie andere Funktionen (wie die Steuerung
                                des Cookie-Banners, die Umleitung auf eine neue Seite) speichern, um eine
                                persönlichere Online-Erfahrung zu bieten. Diese Einstellungen werden gespeichert
                                (durch die Verwendung dauerhafter Cookies), sodass Sie sie beim nächsten Besuch der
                                Seite nicht erneut festlegen müssen.
Hinweis: Das
Live-Chat-Widget
funktioniert
nicht
, wenn
                                die Funktionalität/Präferenzeinstellung deaktiviert ist.
Weitere
                                Informationen
analysen
Diese Cookies helfen uns bei der Verbesserung der Funktion unserer Webseiten (z. B.
                                indem sichergestellt wird, dass die Benutzer problemlos das finden, was sie suchen).
                                Diese sammeln aggregierte Informationen über Besuche und Navigation auf den
                                Websites, damit wir Verbesserungen vornehmen und über unsere Leistungen berichten
                                können. Analyse-Cookies werden möglicherweise auch verwendet, um neue Seiten
                                oder Funktionen zu testen und zu erfahren, wie diese bei den Benutzern ankommen.
Weitere Informationen
Drittanbieter-Cookies
Wenn Sie einige unserer Webseiten besuchen, die eingebettete Inhalte enthalten, die auf
                                einer Plattform von Drittanbietern gehostet werden, wie z. B. YouTube-Videos,
                                setzen diese Drittanbieter Cookies in Ihrem Browser. Wir entscheiden uns immer für
                                die datenschutzfreundlichsten Optionen, die von diesen Parteien angeboten werden, diese
                                werden jedoch nicht von uns kontrolliert. Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass diese
                                Parteien beim Besuch unserer Website Cookies in Ihrem Browser setzen, sollten Sie den
                                Besuch von Webseiten, die solche Einbettungen enthalten, vermeiden.
Weitere Informationen
Speichern und beenden
Globale Richtlinie
Richtlinie für Kalifornien
UK-Richtlinie
Südafrika-Richtlinie
Privacy
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Einhaltung der DSGVO
Sicherheits-Whitepaper
Cookie-Richtlinie
Zusammenfassung unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie
Sie gilt für alle hier verlinkten Websites von Zoho sowie für alle Produkte und Dienstleistungen, die in diesen Websites enthalten sind. Die
ausführliche Richtlinie
verfügt über die gleiche Struktur wie diese Zusammenfassung und stellt das eigentliche juristische Dokument dar.
Unsere Datenschutzverpflichtung: Zoho hat Ihre Informationen niemals zu Werbezwecken an Dritte verkauft oder Geld dadurch verdient, dass Ihnen Anzeigen Dritter angezeigt wurden. Dies wird auch in Zukunft so bleiben. Wir folgen diesem Ansatz seit nunmehr fast 25 Jahren und fühlen uns dem auch weiterhin verpflichtet. Diese Richtlinie informiert Sie darüber, welche Daten wir von Ihnen erheben, wie wir diese verwenden, wer darauf Zugriff hat und welche Einflussmöglichkeiten Sie darauf haben.
Zuletzt aktualisiert am: 02. März 2022
Teil I – Von Zoho erhobene und kontrollierte Daten
Wir erheben nur Daten, die wir tatsächlich benötigen. Einige dieser Informationen geben Sie aktiv an uns weiter, wenn Sie beispielsweise ein Konto anlegen, sich für eine Veranstaltung anmelden, den Kundendienst in Anspruch nehmen oder etwas von uns kaufen. Wir speichern Ihren Namen und Ihre Kontaktinformationen, jedoch nicht Ihre Kreditkartennummern (außer mit Ihrer Einwilligung und innerhalb eines unserer gesicherten Zahlungsportale).
Wenn Sie eine unserer Websites aufrufen oder unsere Software verwenden, protokollieren wir automatisch einige grundlegende Informationen, zum Beispiel wie Sie auf die Website gelangt sind, auf welche Seiten Sie innerhalb der Website navigiert haben oder welche Funktionen und Einstellungen Sie verwenden. Wir verwenden diese Informationen, um unsere Websites und Dienste zu verbessern und die Entwicklung neuer Produkte voranzutreiben.
Manchmal erhalten wir Informationen auf indirekte Weise. Wenn Sie im Rahmen eines unserer Empfehlungsprogramme oder über einen Reseller-Partner Fragen zu unseren Produkten stellen oder sich mithilfe eines Authentifizierungsdienstes wie LinkedIn oder Google für eines unserer Produkte anmelden, geben diese Ihre Kontaktinformationen an uns weiter. Wir verwenden diese Informationen, um Ihre Anfrage zu bearbeiten. Wenn Sie in den sozialen Medien mit unserer Marke interagieren (z. B. uns liken, kommentieren, retweeten, erwähnen oder folgen), erhalten wir Zugriff auf Ihre Interaktionen und Profil-Informationen. Wir haben auch dann noch Zugriff auf diese Informationen, wenn Sie sie später aus dem sozialen Netz entfernen.
So verwenden wir Ihre Informationen
Wir nutzen Ihre Informationen, um Ihnen die von Ihnen angeforderten Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen, Ihre Konten zu erstellen und zu verwalten sowie diese auf unberechtigte Aktivitäten zu überprüfen. Wir verwenden sie auch, um mit Ihnen über die derzeit von Ihnen verwendeten Produkte, Ihre Kundendienstanfragen, neue Produkte, die Ihnen gefallen könnten, Möglichkeiten für Feedback an uns sowie über Aktualisierungen unserer Richtlinien zu kommunizieren. Wir analysieren die von uns erhobenen Daten, um die Bedürfnisse der Benutzer zu verstehen und unsere Websites und Dienstleistungen zu verbessern.
Wir sind verpflichtet, eine rechtliche Grundlage für die Erhebung und Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu haben. In den meisten Fällen haben wir entweder Ihre Zustimmung oder benötigen die Informationen, um die von Ihnen angeforderte Dienstleistung bereitstellen zu können. Wenn dies nicht der Fall ist, müssen wir nachweisen, dass wir auf Basis einer anderen Rechtsgrundlage handeln, wie zum Beispiel unserer legitimen Geschäftsinteressen.
Sie können uns einige Arten der Datenverarbeitung verweigern, indem Sie uns die Daten entweder von Anfang an nicht zur Verfügung stellen oder der Verarbeitung später widersprechen. Zudem können Sie Cookies deaktivieren, damit Ihr Browser keine Informationen an uns weiterleitet. In diesem Fall funktionieren jedoch einige Teile der Website möglicherweise nicht ordnungsgemäß. Nicht essentielle und aufdringliche Cookies von Drittanbietern sind auf allen Websites und Produkten von Zoho vollständig deaktiviert.
Wir beschränken den Zugriff auf Ihre persönlichen Daten auf unsere Mitarbeiter und Auftragnehmer, bei denen eine legitime Notwendigkeit besteht, diese zu nutzen. Wenn wir Ihre Informationen an Dritte weitergeben (beispielsweise an Entwickler, Serviceanbieter, Domain-Registrars und Reseller-Partner), müssen diese über geeignete Sicherheitsmaßnahmen verfügen und einen stichhaltigen Grund für die Verwendung Ihrer Daten angeben können, in der Regel, um Ihnen einen Service anzubieten.
Der Europäische Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) gewährt Datensubjekten (betroffenen Personen) bestimmte Rechte, einschließlich Zugriff, Berichtigung, Löschung, Einschränkung der Verarbeitung, Datenübertragbarkeit, Widerspruchs- und Beschwerderecht. Zoho verpflichtet sich, Ihnen unabhängig von Ihrem Aufenthaltsort die gleichen Rechte einzuräumen.
Wir speichern Ihre personenbezogenen Daten so lange, wie es für die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie dargestellten Zwecke notwendig ist. Wenn kein legitimer Grund mehr für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten unsererseits besteht, werden wir Ihre Daten löschen, anonymisieren oder isolieren, je nachdem, was angemessen ist.
Teil II – Informationen, die Zoho in Ihrem Namen verarbeitet
Wenn Sie mithilfe von Zoho-Apps die Daten Dritter verarbeiten, wie beispielsweise Informationen über Ihre Kunden oder Mitarbeiter, geben Sie diese Daten an uns zur Verarbeitung weiter. Wenn Sie eine mobile Zoho-App verwenden und dieser App den Zugriff auf Ihre Kontakte und Ihre Fotogalerie erlauben, geben Sie diese Daten an uns weiter. Die Daten, die Sie an uns zur Verarbeitung weitergeben, werden als Servicedaten bezeichnet.
Das Recht auf Ihre Servicedaten liegt bei Ihnen. Wir schützen sie, beschränken den Zugriff darauf und verarbeiten sie ausschließlich nach Ihren Anweisungen. Sie können auf sie zugreifen, sie über Integrationen von Drittanbietern teilen und anfordern, dass wir sie exportieren oder löschen.
Wir speichern die Daten in Ihrem Konto, so lange Sie Zoho Services verwenden. Nach der Kündigung Ihres Kontos werden Ihre Daten automatisch innerhalb von 6 Monaten aus unserer aktiven Datenbank gelöscht, und 3 Monate später ebenfalls aus unseren Backups.
Wenn Sie sich im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum befinden und glauben, dass uns jemand Ihre Daten zur Verarbeitung übertragen hat (z. B. Ihr Arbeitgeber oder ein Unternehmen, dessen Dienstleistungen Sie in Anspruch nehmen), können Sie von uns bestimmte Maßnahmen bezüglich Ihrer Daten einfordern. Um diese Datenrechte auszuüben, wenden Sie sich bitte an die Person oder Firma, die uns die Daten übertragen hat, und wir werden mit ihnen bezüglich Ihrer Anforderung zusammenarbeiten.
Teil III – Allgemeines
Der von uns garantierte Datenschutz unterliegt einigen Einschränkungen. Wir geben personenbezogene Informationen weiter, wenn dies im Rahmen einer Rechtsverbindlichkeit notwendig ist, um Betrug zu verhindern, eine Vereinbarung durchzusetzen oder die Sicherheit unserer Benutzer zu gewährleisten. Wir berücksichtigen derzeit keine "Do-Not-Track"-Signale von Internetbrowsern. Sobald ein allgemeingültiger Standard für die diesbezügliche Verarbeitung erstellt wird, werden wir uns daran halten.
Die Websites Dritter und Widgets von sozialen Medien unterliegen ihren eigenen jeweiligen Datenschutzbestimmungen. Überprüfen Sie stets die geltende Datenschutzrichtlinie, bevor Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte weitergeben.
Sie können uns jederzeit kontaktieren und: Fragen zu unseren Datenschutzpraktiken stellen, einen DSGVO-konformen Zusatz zur Datenverarbeitung anfordern, uns benachrichtigen, wenn Sie glauben, dass wir personenbezogene Daten von Minderjährigen gesammelt haben, oder darum bitten, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aus unseren Blogs oder Foren entfernt werden. Sie können zudem unsere
Sicherheitsrichtlinie
und unsere
Datenschutzrichtlinie
nachlesen.
Wir werden uns mit Ihnen in Verbindung setzen, um Sie darüber zu informieren, wenn wir größere Änderungen an unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie vornehmen oder in dem höchst unwahrscheinlichen Fall, dass wir uns entscheiden, unser Unternehmen zu verkaufen.
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Diese Datenschutzerklärung wird von der Zoho-Gruppe abgegeben, die aus allen
hier
aufgeführten Unternehmen besteht (zusammen als "Zoho", "wir", "uns" oder "unser" bezeichnet).
Unsere Datenschutzverpflichtung
Zoho fühlt sich dem Schutz der Daten seiner Kunden und Benutzer nun seit fast 25 Jahren verpflichtet – schon lange bevor dies modern, politisch korrekt oder rechtlich bindend wurde. Wir erfassen nur die kleinstmögliche Menge an notwendigen Informationen und erheben nur Daten, die nach unserem Ermessen für unsere Geschäftstätigkeit oder eine bestimmte Transaktion erforderlich sind. Wir informieren unsere Kunden über die Informationen, die wir über sie erhoben haben, und ermöglichen es ihnen, sich von bestimmten Projekten abzumelden. Unsere bei Weitem größte Verpflichtung jedoch ist, dass wir keinen einzigen Dollar Werbeeinnahmen verdienen – und dies auch niemals haben oder jemals werden – , nicht einmal an den kostenlosen Versionen unserer Produkte. Damit vermeiden wir den grundsätzlichen Interessenkonflikt zwischen dem Sammeln von Kundeninformationen und dem Erhöhen der Werbeeinnahmen, und den damit verbundenen unvermeidlichen Kompromissen beim Datenschutz.
Das Ziel dieser Richtlinien ist es, die von uns erhobenen Informationen sowie die Art ihrer Verwendung explizit darzustellen. Diese Richtlinien sind leider ausführlicher als wir es uns wünschen würden. Wir müssen jedoch auf alle möglicherweise relevanten Fälle eingehen. Wir bemühen uns, die Sprache so einfach und direkt wie möglich zu gestalten.
Geltungsbereich dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt für alle Websites von Zoho, die mit ihr verlinkt sind. Dies gilt auch für die Produkte und Dienstleistungen, die von Zoho über diese Websites zur Verfügung gestellt werden, unsere mobilen Anwendungen sowie von Zoho im Online-Marketplace von Zoho oder in anderen Online-Marketplaces von Drittanbietern veröffentlichte Anwendungen. Diese Datenschutzrichtlinien gelten nicht für unsere Websites, Produkte oder Dienstleistungen, für die eigene Datenschutzrichtlinien gelten.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie ist in drei Teile unterteilt:
Teil I – Von Zoho erhobene und kontrollierte Daten
Dieser Teil befasst sich damit, wie Zoho Informationen über Website-Besucher, potenzielle Kunden, Nutzer von Produkten und Dienstleistungen von Zoho und andere Personen, die Zoho über mit unseren Websites verknüpften oder dort veröffentlichten Formulare oder E-Mail-Adressen kontaktieren, sammelt und verwendet.
Teil II – Informationen, die Zoho in Ihrem Namen verarbeitet
Dieser Teil befasst sich damit, wie Zoho mit Daten umgeht, die Sie Zoho übertragen, wenn Sie unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nutzen, oder wenn Sie persönliche oder vertrauliche Informationen mit uns teilen, während Sie den Kundendienst anfordern.
Teil III – Allgemeines
Dieser Teil befasst sich mit Themen, die für Teil I und Teil II relevant sind, sowie mit anderen allgemeinen Themen, wie beispielsweise den Sicherheitsmaßnahmen von Zoho und damit, wie wir Sie im Falle einer Änderung dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie informieren.
Teil I – Von Zoho erhobene und kontrollierte Daten
Diese Daten erhebt Zoho
Wir sammeln nur dann Informationen über Sie, wenn wir diese für einen legitimen Zweck benötigen. Zoho verfügt nur dann über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wenn (a) Sie diese Informationen selbst an uns weitergegeben haben, (b) Zoho diese Informationen automatisch gesammelt hat oder (c) diese Informationen von Dritten an Zoho weitergegeben wurden. Im Folgenden beschreiben wir die verschiedenen Szenarien, die unter jede dieser drei Kategorien fallen, sowie die Informationen, die in jedem der Szenarien erhoben werden.
Informationen, die Sie an uns weitergeben
i.
Anmeldung für ein Konto
: Wenn Sie ein Konto anmelden, um auf einen oder mehrere unserer Dienste zugreifen zu können, fordern wir Sie auf, Informationen wie Ihren Namen, Kontaktnummer, E-Mail-Adresse, Firmennamen und Land anzugeben, damit wir die Kontoanmeldung abschließen können. Sie werden zudem aufgefordert, einen eindeutigen Benutzernamen und ein Passwort auszuwählen, um auf das erstellte Konto Zugriff zu erhalten. Sie können uns auch weitere Informationen wie Ihr Foto, Zeitzone und Sprache übermitteln. Diese sind jedoch für die Erstellung eines Kontos nicht unbedingt erforderlich. Nach der Registrierung können Sie optional eine Sicherheitsfrage und zugehörige Antwort auswählen – diese wird Ihnen nur beim Zurücksetzen Ihres Passworts gestellt.
ii.
Registrierungen für Veranstaltungen und andere Formulare
: Wir speichern Informationen, die Sie übermitteln, wenn Sie (i) sich für eine Veranstaltung anmelden, einschließlich Webinare oder Seminare, (ii) unseren Newsletter oder jegliche andere Mailingliste abonnieren, (iii) ein Formular übermitteln, um ein Produkt, Whitepaper oder andere Materialien herunterzuladen, (iv) an Wettbewerben oder Umfragen teilnehmen oder (v) ein Formular übermitteln, um den Kundendienst in Anspruch zu nehmen, ein Angebot anzufordern oder Zoho aus einem anderen Grund zu kontaktieren.
iii.
Zahlungsabwicklung
: Wenn Sie etwas von uns erwerben, müssen Sie Ihren Namen und Ihre Kontaktinformationen sowie Kreditkartendaten und andere Daten zum Zahlungskonto angeben. Wenn Sie Ihre Kartendaten übermitteln, speichern wir den Namen und die Adresse des Karteninhabers, das Ablaufdatum und die letzten vier Ziffern der Kreditkartennummer. Die eigentliche Kreditkartennummer wird von uns nicht gespeichert. Wenn Sie uns Ihre Zustimmung gegeben haben, können wir Ihre Kreditkarteninformationen oder andere Zahlungsinformationen in einem verschlüsselten Format auf den gesicherten Servern unserer Serviceanbieter für Zahlungs-Gateways speichern, um künftige Zahlungen schnell verarbeiten zu können.
iv.
Referenzen
: Wenn Sie uns dazu berechtigen, Referenzen über unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen auf Websites zu veröffentlichen, können wir Ihren Namen und andere persönliche Informationen in die Referenzen aufnehmen. Sie haben die Möglichkeit, die Referenzen vor der Veröffentlichung zu überprüfen und zu genehmigen. Wenn Sie Ihre Referenz aktualisieren oder löschen möchten, können Sie uns über
privacy@zohocorp.com
kontaktieren.
v.
Interaktionen mit Zoho
: Wir können Ihre Interaktionen mit uns aufzeichnen, analysieren und nutzen, einschließlich E-Mail-, Telefon- und Chat-Gespräche mit unseren Vertriebs- und Kundendienstmitarbeitern, um unsere Interaktionen mit Ihnen und anderen Kunden zu verbessern.
Informationen, die wir automatisch sammeln
i.
Informationen über Browser, Geräte und Server
: Wenn Sie unsere Websites besuchen, erfassen wir Informationen, die Webbrowser, mobile Geräte und Server zur Verfügung stellen, wie beispielsweise IP-Adresse, Browsertyp, Spracheinstellung, Zeitzone, Referenz-URL, Datum und Uhrzeit des Zugriffs, Betriebssystem, Hersteller des mobilen Geräts und Informationen zum mobilen Netzwerk. Wir fügen diese zu unseren Protokolldateien hinzu, um die Besucher unserer Websites besser zu verstehen,
ii.
Informationen von Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
: Wir nutzen temporäre und permanente Cookies, um Benutzer unserer Dienstleistungen zu identifizieren und das Benutzererlebnis zu verbessern. Wir betten eindeutige Identifikatoren in unsere zum Herunterladen verfügbaren Produkte ein, um die Verwendung der Produkte zu verfolgen. Wir verwenden auch Cookies, Beacons, Tags, Skripte und andere ähnliche Technologien, um Besucher zu identifizieren, die Navigation auf der Website zu verfolgen, demographische Informationen über Besucher und Benutzer zu sammeln, die Effektivität von E-Mail-Kampagnen zu ermitteln und durch die Verfolgung Ihrer Aktivitäten auf unseren Websites ein gezieltes Engagement der Besucher und Benutzer zu erreichen. Wir verwenden hauptsächlich Erstanbieter-Cookies und nutzen auf unseren Websites keine Cookies oder sonstige Technologien von Drittanbietern für nicht essentielles oder aufdringliches Tracking. Mehr zu den Cookies auf unseren Websites erfahren Sie
hier
. Außerdem erhalten Sie
hier
weitere Informationen dazu, wie Zoho zu nicht essentiellen und aufdringlichen Cookies bzw. Tracking-Technologie von Drittanbietern steht. Wir verwenden zudem lokale Speicherobjekte (LSOs) von Erstanbietern wie HTML5 zur Speicherung von Inhaltsinformationen und Voreinstellungen, um Ihnen bestimmte Features bieten zu können.
iii.
Informationen von Anwendungsprotokollen und mobilen Analysen
: Wir sammeln Informationen über Ihre Nutzung unserer Produkte, Dienste und mobilen Anwendungen mithilfe von Anwendungsprotokollen und intern genutzten Analysetools und verwenden diese, um zu verstehen, wie wir durch Ihre Nutzung und Bedürfnisse unsere Produkte verbessern können. Zu diesen Informationen gehören Klicks, Scrollvorgänge, abgerufene Funktionen, Zugriffszeit und -häufigkeit, generierte Fehler, Leistungsdaten, verwendeter Speicher, Benutzereinstellungen und -konfigurationen sowie für den Zugriff verwendete Geräte und deren Standorte.
Informationen, die von Dritten an uns weitergegeben werden
i.
Anmeldungen über Anbieter für föderierte Authentifizierung
: Sie können sich mithilfe unterstützter Anbieter für föderierte Authentifizierung, wie beispielsweise LinkedIn, Microsoft und Google, bei Zoho Services anmelden. Diese Services authentifizieren Ihre Identität und bieten Ihnen die Option, bestimmte personenbezogene Informationen (wie Name und E-Mail-Adresse) mit uns zu teilen.
ii.
Empfehlungen
: Wenn jemand Ihnen ein Produkt oder eine Dienstleistung von Zoho über eines unserer Empfehlungsprogramme empfohlen hat, dann hat uns diese Person möglicherweise Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und andere personenbezogenen Daten übermittelt. Sie können die Löschung Ihrer Informationen aus unserer Datenbank unter
privacy@zohocorp.com
anfordern. Wenn Sie Informationen über Dritte an uns weitergeben, oder eine andere Person uns Ihre Informationen übermittelt, verwenden wir diese Informationen ausschließlich für den speziellen Zweck, der uns angegeben wurde.
iii.
Informationen unserer Reseller-Partner und Serviceanbieter
: Wenn Sie einen unserer Reseller-Partner kontaktieren oder auf eine andere Weise Interesse an unseren Produkten oder Dienstleistungen bekunden, gibt dieser möglicherweise Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Firmennamen und andere Informationen an Zoho weiter. Wenn Sie sich für eine von Zoho gesponserte Veranstaltung anmelden oder daran teilnehmen, gibt der Organisator dieser Veranstaltung möglicherweise Ihre Informationen an uns weiter. Zoho kann auch Informationen über Sie durch Bewertungsportale erhalten, wenn Sie eine Bewertung unserer Produkte oder Dienstleistungen kommentieren, oder durch dritte Serviceanbieter, die wir engagieren, um unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu bewerben.
iv.
Informationen aus sozialen Medien und anderen öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
: Wenn Sie mit uns in Marketplaces, Bewertungsportalen und sozialen Medien wie Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn und Instagram durch Beiträge, Kommentare, Fragen und andere Interaktionen interagieren bzw. Feedback und Bewertungen zu unseren Produkten abgeben, dann können wir solche öffentlich zugänglichen Informationen, einschließlich Profilinformationen, sammeln, um eine Verbindung mit Ihnen herzustellen, unsere Produkte zu verbessern oder die Reaktionen und Probleme der Benutzer besser zu verstehen. Wir weisen Sie darauf hin, dass diese Informationen, sobald sie erhoben wurden, möglicherweise auch dann bei uns verbleiben, wenn Sie sie aus diesen Seiten entfernen. Zoho kann außerdem Informationen über Sie aus anderen öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen hinzufügen und aktualisieren.
Verwendungszweck der Informationen
Zusätzlich zu den oben genannten Zwecken können wir Ihre Daten für die folgenden Zwecke verwenden:
Um mit Ihnen (z. B. per E-Mail) über Produkte, die Sie heruntergeladen haben, und Dienstleistungen, für die Sie sich angemeldet haben, Änderungen an dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie, Änderungen an den allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen oder wichtige Hinweise zu kommunizieren;
Um Sie über neue Produkte und Dienstleistungen, bevorstehende Veranstaltungen, Angebote, Werbeaktionen und andere Informationen zu informieren, die für Sie interessant sein könnten;
Um Sie zu bitten, an Umfragen teilzunehmen oder Feedback zu unseren Produkten und Dienstleistungen abzugeben;
Um Ihr Konto einzurichten und zu verwalten und alle weiteren Maßnahmen zu ergreifen, die für die Bereitstellung unserer Dienstleistungen erforderlich sind, wie beispielsweise die Möglichkeit zur Zusammenarbeit, die Bereitstellung von Website- und Mail-Hosting sowie der Schutz und die Wiederherstellung Ihrer Daten;
Um zu verstehen, wie Benutzer unsere Produkte und Dienste verwenden, um Probleme zu überprüfen und zu verhindern sowie unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu verbessern;
Um Kundendienst anzubieten und unsere Interaktionen mit Kunden zu analysieren und zu verbessern;
Um betrügerische Transaktionen und andere illegale Aktivitäten zu erkennen und zu verhindern, Spam zu melden und die Rechte und Interessen von Zoho, den Benutzern von Zoho, Dritten und der Öffentlichkeit zu wahren;
Um unsere Daten zu aktualisieren, zu erweitern und zu analysieren, neue Kunden zu identifizieren und Produkte und Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen, die für Sie interessant sein könnten;
Um Trends zu analysieren, unsere Websites zu verwalten und die Navigation von Besuchern unserer Website nachzuverfolgen, um die Bedürfnisse der Besucher zu verstehen und sie besser zu unterstützen;
Um Marketingkampagnen zu überwachen und zu verbessern sowie für den Benutzer relevante Vorschläge zu machen.
Rechtsgrundlagen für das Sammeln und Verwenden von Informationen
Für Zoho geltende Rechtsgrundlagen
: Wenn Sie eine Person aus dem Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) sind, hängt unsere Rechtsgrundlage für die Informationserfassung und -nutzung von den betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten und dem Kontext ab, in dem wir sie sammeln. Die meisten unserer Aktivitäten zur Datenerhebung und -verarbeitung beruhen in der Regel auf (i) vertraglicher Notwendigkeit, (ii) einem oder mehreren berechtigten Interessen von Zoho oder Dritten, die nicht durch Ihre Datenschutzinteressen außer Kraft gesetzt werden, oder (iii) Ihrer Zustimmung. In manchen Fällen sind wir rechtlich verpflichtet, Ihre Informationen zu sammeln, oder benötigen Ihre Informationen, um Ihre wesentlichen Interessen oder die einer anderen Person zu wahren.
Widerruf der Einwilligung
: In den Fällen, in denen wir auf Ihre Einwilligung als Rechtsgrundlage angewiesen sind, haben Sie das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen.
Hinweis zu berechtigten Interessen
: Wenn wir uns auf legitime Interessen als Rechtsgrundlage verlassen und diese nicht oben aufgeführt sind, werden wir Ihnen zum Zeitpunkt der Erfassung klar erläutern, um welche legitimen Interessen es sich handelt.
Ihre Wahlmöglichkeiten für die Nutzung von Informationen
Abmeldung von nicht essentieller elektronischer Kommunikation
: Sie können den Erhalt von Newslettern und anderen nicht wesentlichen Mitteilungen durch die in allen diesen Mitteilungen enthaltene Funktion zum Abmelden abbestellen. Allerdings erhalten Sie weiterhin essentielle Benachrichtigungen und E-Mails. Dazu gehören z. B. Kontobenachrichtigungen (bei Passwortänderung, Abonnementverlängerung usw.), Warnungen bei Sicherheitsvorfällen, Updates zu Sicherheits- und Datenschutzmaßnahmen sowie essentielle E-Mails zu Transaktionen und Zahlungen.
Cookies deaktivieren
: Sie können vor dem Besuch unserer Websites Cookies deaktivieren. In diesem Fall können Sie jedoch bestimmte Funktionen dieser Websites möglicherweise nicht ordnungsgemäß verwenden.
Optionale Informationen
: Sie können sich entscheiden, optionale Profilinformationen, wie beispielsweise Ihr Foto, nicht zu übermitteln. Sie können optionale Profilinformationen auch löschen oder ändern. Sie können sich jederzeit entscheiden, nicht verpflichtende Felder nicht auszufüllen, wenn Sie ein Formular übermitteln, das mit unserer Website verknüpft ist.
An wen wir Ihre Informationen weitergeben
Alle Unternehmen der Zoho-Gruppe, die
hier
aufgeführt sind, haben Zugang zu den in Teil I genannten Informationen. Wir verkaufen keine personenbezogenen Informationen. Wir teilen Ihre Informationen ausschließlich auf die Arten, die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschrieben sind, und lediglich mit Parteien, die entsprechende Maßnahmen zur Wahrung der Vertraulichkeit und Sicherheit implementieren.
Mitarbeiter und unabhängige Auftragnehmer
: Nur Mitarbeiter und unabhängige Auftragnehmer relevanter Unternehmen der Zoho-Gruppe, für die dies unbedingt erforderlich ist, haben Zugriff auf die in Teil I genannten Informationen. Alle Mitarbeiter und unabhängigen Auftragnehmer von Unternehmen der Zoho-Gruppe sind verpflichtet, diese Datenschutzrichtlinie für personenbezogene Daten zu befolgen, die wir an sie weiterleiten.
Dritte Serviceanbieter
: Möglicherweise ist es erforderlich, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen und verallgemeinerte oder anonymisierte Informationen mit dritten Serviceanbietern teilen, die wir beispielsweise als Marketing- und Werbepartner, Veranstalter, Anbieter von Webanalysen und zur Zahlungsabwicklung beauftragen. Diese Serviceanbieter sind autorisiert, Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen nur im für die Bereitstellung dieser Services an uns benötigten Rahmen zu nutzen.
Domain-Registrars
: Wenn Sie eine Domain über Zoho von Domain-Registrars registrieren lassen, übermitteln wir ihnen gemäß den Regeln zur Domain-Registrierung der ICANN Ihren Namen sowie Kontaktinformationen wie Ihre physische Adresse, E-Mail-Adresse und Telefonnummer.
Reseller-Partner
: Wir teilen Ihre persönlichen Informationen mit unseren autorisierten Reseller-Partnern in Ihrer Region ausschließlich für den Zweck der Kontaktaufnahme mit Ihnen über Produkte, die Sie heruntergeladen haben, oder Dienstleistungen, für die Sie sich angemeldet haben. Wir geben Ihnen Gelegenheit, sich gegen eine weitere Zusammenarbeit mit diesem Partner zu entscheiden.
Entwickler von Marketplace-Anwendungen
: Wenn Sie eine Anwendung installieren oder kaufen, die mit Hilfe von APIs von Zoho entwickelt wurde und im Online-Marketplace von Zoho veröffentlicht wurde, werden Ihr Name und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse mit dem Entwickler der Anwendung geteilt, sodass er sich direkt mit Ihnen als Anbieter dieser Anwendung oder Dienstleistung in Verbindung setzen kann. Zoho kontrolliert nicht die Verwendung Ihrer persönlichen Daten durch die Entwickler, die dies im Rahmen ihrer eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien vornehmen.
Weitere Fälle
: Andere Szenarien, in denen wir die selben Informationen wie in Teil I und Teil II beschrieben teilen, werden in Teil III erläutert.
Ihre Rechte in Bezug auf die Informationen, die wir in unserer Rolle als Datenverantwortlicher über Sie gespeichert haben
Wenn Sie sich im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) befinden, werden Ihnen die folgenden Rechte in Bezug auf Informationen gewährt, die Zoho über Sie gespeichert hat. Zoho verpflichtet sich, Ihnen unabhängig von Ihrem Aufenthaltsort die gleichen Rechte einzuräumen.
Recht auf Zugriff
: Sie haben das Recht, auf die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben, zuzugreifen (und bei Bedarf eine Kopie davon zu erhalten), einschließlich Quelle, Zweck und Dauer der Verarbeitung der Daten sowie Personen, an die diese Daten weitergegeben werden.
Recht auf Berichtigung
: Sie haben das Recht, die Informationen, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben, zu aktualisieren oder mögliche Fehler zu berichtigen. Auf der Grundlage des Zwecks, für den wir Ihre Informationen verwenden, können Sie uns anweisen, zusätzliche Informationen über Sie in unsere Datenbank aufzunehmen.
Recht auf Löschung
: Sie haben unter bestimmten Umständen das Recht, die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen von uns zu verlangen, beispielsweise wenn diese nicht mehr länger für den Zweck erforderlich sind, für den sie ursprünglich erhoben wurden.
Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung
: Sie haben unter bestimmten Umständen zudem das Recht, unsere Verwendung Ihrer Informationen einzuschränken, beispielsweise wenn Sie der Verwendung Ihrer Daten durch uns widersprochen haben, wir jedoch prüfen müssen, ob wir legitime Gründe haben, die diesen Widerspruch überwiegen.
Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit
:Sie haben das Recht, Ihre Daten in einem strukturierten, allgemein gebräuchlichen und maschinenlesbaren Format an Dritte weiterzugeben, wenn die Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung oder automatisiert verarbeitet werden.
Widerspruchsrecht
: Sie haben das Recht, der Nutzung Ihrer Informationen unter bestimmten Umständen zu widersprechen, beispielsweise der Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen zu Zwecken des Direktmarketings.
Beschwerderecht
: Sie haben das Recht, bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde Beschwerde einzulegen, wenn Sie mit der Art und Weise, wie wir Ihre Daten erheben, verwenden oder weitergeben, nicht einverstanden sind. Dieses Recht steht Ihnen möglicherweise nicht zur Verfügung, wenn es in Ihrem Land keine Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz gibt.
Aufbewahrung von Informationen
Wir behalten uns vor, Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen so lange zu speichern, wie dies im Rahmen der in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Zwecke erforderlich ist. In manchen Fällen kann es vorkommen, dass wir Ihre Daten für längere Zeiträume aufbewahren, beispielsweise um Unterdrückungslisten zu führen, Missbrauch zu verhindern, wenn dies im Zusammenhang mit einem Rechtsanspruch oder Verfahren erforderlich ist, um unsere Vereinbarungen durchzusetzen, für Steuer- und Buchhaltungszwecke oder um anderen gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen. Wenn kein legitimer Grund mehr für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen durch uns besteht, werden wir diese anonymisieren oder aus unserer aktiven Datenbank löschen. Ebenso werden wir die Informationen sicher aufbewahren und sie von der weiteren Verarbeitung auf Datensicherungs-CDs isolieren, bis die Löschung möglich ist.
Teil II – Informationen, die Zoho in Ihrem Namen verarbeitet
Informationen, die Zoho übertragen wurden, sowie deren Zweck
Informationen im Zusammenhang mit Dienstleistungen
: Sie können Informationen, die Sie oder Ihr Unternehmen („Sie“) verwalten, in Verbindung mit der Verwendung unserer Dienste oder der Anfrage nach technischem Support für unsere Produkte an Zoho übertragen. Dazu gehören Informationen über Ihre Kunden und Ihre Mitarbeiter (wenn Sie ein Datenverantwortlicher sind) oder Daten, die Sie im Namen einer anderen Person für einen bestimmten Zweck speichern und verwenden, z. B. einen Kunden, für den Sie Dienstleistungen erbringen (wenn Sie ein Datenbearbeiter sind). Die Daten können entweder auf unseren Servern gespeichert werden, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, an uns übertragen oder als Teil einer Anfrage an den technischen Support oder anderen Dienstleistungen weitergeleitet werden.
Informationen von mobilen Geräten
: Wenn Sie dies genehmigen, haben einige unserer mobilen Anwendungen Zugriff auf die Kamera, den Anrufverlauf, Kontaktinformationen, die Fotobibliothek und andere Informationen, die auf Ihrem mobilen Gerät gespeichert sind. Unsere Anwendungen benötigen einen solchen Zugang, um ihre Dienste bereitstellen zu können. Wenn Sie den Zugriff freigeben, werden auch standortbezogene Informationen erfasst, z. B. zum Auffinden von Kontakten in der Nähe oder zum Erstellen standortbezogener Erinnerungen. Diese Informationen werden ausschließlich an unsere Mapping-Anbieter weitergegeben und nur für die Kartierung von Benutzerstandorten verwendet. Sie können den Zugriff der mobilen Anwendung auf diese Daten jederzeit deaktivieren, indem Sie die Einstellungen auf Ihrem mobilen Gerät bearbeiten. Die auf Ihrem mobilen Gerät gespeicherten Daten und deren Standortinformationen, auf die die mobilen Anwendungen Zugriff haben, werden im Rahmen der mobilen Anwendung verwendet und an Ihr Konto in den entsprechenden Diensten (in diesem Fall werden die Daten auf unseren Servern gespeichert) oder Produkten (in diesem Fall bleiben die Daten bei Ihnen, sofern Sie sie nicht mit uns teilen) übertragen.
(Alle an Zoho übertragenen Informationen werden zusammenfassend mit dem Begriff „Servicedaten“ bezeichnet)
Eigentümerschaft und Kontrolle Ihrer Servicedaten
Wir erkennen an, dass das Recht auf Ihre Servicedaten bei Ihnen liegt. Sie erhalten die vollständige Kontrolle über Ihre Servicedaten, indem Sie (i) auf Ihre Servicedaten zugreifen, (ii) Ihre Servicedaten über unterstützte Drittanbieter-Integrationen teilen und (iii) den Export oder die Löschung Ihrer Servicedaten anfordern können.
Wir wir Ihre Servicedaten verwenden
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn Sie uns Anweisungen über die unterschiedlichen Module unserer Dienste erteilen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Rechnung über unseren Rechnungsservice erstellen, werden dafür Informationen wie Name und Anschrift Ihres Kunden verwendet; und wenn Sie unseren Dienst für Kampagnen-Management für E-Mail-Marketing in Anspruch nehmen, werden die E-Mail-Adressen der Personen, die sich in Ihrer Mailingliste befinden, für die Versendung der E-Mails verwendet.
Push-Benachrichtigungen
Wenn Sie Benachrichtigungen für unsere Desktop- und Mobilanwendungen aktiviert haben, werden wir die Benachrichtigungen über einen Anbieter für Push-Benachrichtigungen wie Apple Push Notification Service, Google Cloud Messaging oder Windows Push Notification Services senden. Sie können Ihre Einstellungen für Push-Benachrichtigungen verwalten oder diese Benachrichtigungen deaktivieren, indem Sie Benachrichtigungen in den Einstellungen der Anwendung oder des Geräts ausschalten.
An wen wir Ihre Servicedaten weitergeben
Zoho-Gruppe und dritte Unterauftragsverarbeiter
: Um Dienstleistungen und technischen Support für unsere Produkte anbieten zu können, beauftragt der Auftraggeber innerhalb der Zoho-Gruppe andere
Konzerngesellschaften
und
Dritte
.
Mitarbeiter und unabhängige Auftragnehmer
: Wir gewähren unseren Mitarbeitern und einzelnen unabhängigen Auftragnehmern der an der Erbringung der Dienstleistungen beteiligten Unternehmen der Zoho-Gruppe (zusammenfassend unsere „Mitarbeiter“) Zugriff auf Ihre Servicedaten, so dass sie (i) Fehler identifizieren, analysieren und beheben können, (ii) als Spam gemeldete E-Mails manuell überprüfen können, um die Spam-Erkennung zu verbessern, oder (iii) gescannte Bilder, die Sie uns zur Überprüfung der Richtigkeit der optischen Zeichenerkennung übermitteln, manuell überprüfen können. Wir stellen sicher, dass sich der Zugriff unserer Mitarbeiter auf Ihre Servicedaten nur auf Einzelpersonen beschränkt ist und dieser protokolliert und überprüft wird. Unsere Mitarbeiter erhalten auch Zugriff auf Daten, die Sie wissentlich an uns weitergeben, um technischen Support zu erhalten, oder auf Daten im Rahmen von Importen in unsere Produkte oder Dienste. Wir kommunizieren unsere Datenschutz- und Sicherheitsrichtlinien an unsere Mitarbeiter und setzen Datenschutzmaßnahmen innerhalb der Zoho-Gruppe ausnahmslos durch.
Mitarbeiter und andere Benutzer
: Einige unserer Produkte oder Dienstleistungen ermöglichen Ihnen die Zusammenarbeit mit anderen Benutzern oder Dritten. Durch den Beginn der Zusammenarbeit können andere Personen, mit denen Sie zusammenarbeiten, möglicherweise einige oder alle Ihre Profilinformationen einsehen. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel ein Dokument bearbeiten, das Sie für die Zusammenarbeit mit anderen Personen geteilt haben, werden Ihr Name und Profilbild neben Ihren Änderungen angezeigt, damit Ihre Mitwirkenden wissen, dass diese Änderungen von Ihnen stammen.
Von Ihnen aktivierte Integrationen von Drittanbietern
: Die meisten unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen unterstützen die
Integration von Produkten und Dienstleistungen Dritter
. Wenn Sie eine Integration eines Drittanbieters aktivieren, erlauben Sie diesem möglicherweise den Zugriff auf Ihre Servicedaten und personenbezogenen Informationen. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, die Datenschutzbestimmungen der Dienstleistungen und Produkte von Drittanbietern zu überprüfen, bevor Sie die Integration aktivieren.
Weitere Fälle
: Andere Szenarien, in denen wir Informationen weitergeben können, die den unter Teil I und Teil II fallenden Informationen entsprechen, werden in Teil III beschrieben.
Aufbewahrung von Informationen
Wir speichern die Daten in Ihrem Konto, so lange Sie Zoho Services verwenden. Sobald Sie Ihr Zoho-Benutzerkonto kündigen, werden Ihre Daten bei der nächsten Bereinigung, die alle 6 Monate durchgeführt wird, aus der aktiven Datenbank gelöscht. Die aus der aktiven Datenbank gelöschten Daten werden nach 3 Monaten aus unseren Backups gelöscht.
Anfragen von Datensubjekten
Wenn Sie aus dem Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum stammen und glauben, dass wir Ihre Daten im Auftrag eines unserer Kunden speichern, verwenden oder verarbeiten, wenden Sie sich bitte an den Kunden, wenn Sie auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen, sie berichtigen, löschen, beschränken oder der Verarbeitung widersprechen oder sie exportieren möchten. Wir unterstützen unseren Kunden bei der Bearbeitung Ihrer Anfrage innerhalb eines angemessenen Zeitraums.
Teil III – Allgemeines
Personenbezogene Informationen von Kindern.
Unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen richten sich nicht an Personen unter 16 Jahren. Zoho erfasst zu eigenen Zwecken wissentlich keine personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern unter 16 Jahren. Wenn wir erfahren, dass ein Kind unter 16 Jahren personenbezogene Informationen an uns weitergegeben hat, werden wir Schritte zur Löschung dieser Informationen einleiten. Wenn Sie glauben, dass ein Kind unter 16 Jahren personenbezogene Informationen an uns weitergegeben hat, schreiben Sie bitte an
privacy@zohocorp.com
mit den Details, und wir werden die erforderlichen Schritte einleiten, um die Informationen, die wir über das betreffende Kind gespeichert haben, zu löschen. Allerdings ist es Ihnen möglich, über unsere Produkte die Daten von Personen zu sammeln, bei denen es sich um Kinder handeln kann. Wenn Sie Informationen von Kindern verarbeiten, dann bestätigen Sie und stimmen zu, die für derartige personenbezogene Daten geltenden Gesetze und Richtlinien einzuhalten.
Sicherheit Ihrer Informationen
Wir bei Zoho nehmen den Datenschutz sehr ernst. Aus diesem Grund wurden wir für die
hier
beschriebenen Branchenstandards zertifiziert. Wir haben Schritte eingeleitet, um angemessene administrative, technische und physische Sicherheitsvorkehrungen zu treffen und so den unbefugten Zugriff, die Verwendung, Änderung, Offenlegung oder Vernichtung der uns anvertrauten Informationen zu verhindern. Wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich der Sicherheit Ihrer Daten haben, überprüfen Sie bitte unsere
Sicherheitsrichtlinie
oder schreiben Sie an
security@zohocorp.com
mit Ihren Fragen.
Datenschutzbeauftragter
Wir haben einen Datenschutzbeauftragten ernannt, der unsere Verwaltung Ihrer persönlichen Daten in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie überwacht. Wenn Sie Fragen oder Bedenken zu unseren Datenschutzpraktiken in Bezug auf Ihre persönlichen Daten haben, können Sie sich an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten wenden, indem Sie eine E-Mail an
dpo@zohocorp.com
senden oder an folgende Adresse schreiben: Datenschutzbeauftragter, Zoho Corporation BV, Beneluxlaan 4B, 3527 HT Utrecht, Niederlande.
Standorte und internationale Transfers
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen und Servicedaten aus den oben genannten Gründen innerhalb der Zoho-Gruppe sowie an von der Zoho-Gruppe beauftragte Drittanbieter weiter. Indem Sie auf unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen zugreifen, diese nutzen oder uns auf andere Weise persönliche Informationen oder Servicedaten zur Verfügung stellen, stimmen Sie zu, dass Ihre persönlichen Informationen oder Servicedaten in den USA, im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) und in anderen Ländern, in denen Zoho tätig ist, verarbeitet, übertragen und gespeichert werden. Derartige Übertragungen unterliegen passenden Datenschutzvereinbarungen – so z. B. einer Gruppenunternehmensvereinbarung auf Grundlage von der EU-Kommission ausgegebener Mustervertragsklauseln zur Datenverarbeitung, auf welche die DSGVO Anwendung findet. Schreiben Sie einfach eine E-Mail an legal@zohocorp.com, um eine Kopie der Vereinbarungen anzufordern, auf deren Grundlagen wir Ihre Daten innerhalb der Zoho-Gruppe und an von uns beauftragte Drittanbieter übertragen.
Data Processing Addendum
Um Ihnen zu ermöglichen, Ihre Datenschutzverpflichtungen einzuhalten, unterzeichnen wir gerne eine entsprechende Vereinbarungsergänzung (ein sog.
Data Processing Addendum
, DPA). Sie können von Zoho ein DPA anfordern, indem Sie dieses
Formular
ausfüllen. Sobald wir Ihre Anfrage erhalten haben, leiten wir das DPA zur Unterzeichnung an Sie weiter.
Automatisierung und künstliche Intelligenz
Um die Produktivität zu steigern und unseren Benutzern Vorhersagen bieten zu können, setzen wir verschiedene Technologien ein, so z. B. RegEx-Parsing, Vorlagenzuordnung, künstliche Intelligenz und maschinelles Lernen. Wir nehmen unser Versprechen sehr ernst, Ihre Daten nicht auszunutzen und Ihre Erwartungen hinsichtlich Privatsphäre und Vertraulichkeit zu respektieren. Daher setzen wir die folgenden Technologien nur im hier beschriebenen, eingeschränkten Umfang ein: (i) Wir nutzen anonymisierte Service-Datensätze, um die Genauigkeit der Algorithmen zu verbessern; und (ii) wir verwenden Ihre Unternehmensdaten dazu, maßgeschneiderte Modelle für Ihr Unternehmen zu entwickeln. Unsere Technologien für Automatisierung und künstliche Intelligenz stützen sich hauptsächlich auf unsere eigenen Unternehmensdaten, wie interne Kommunikation, Kundenkorrespondenz und interne Dokumente, aber auch kostenlose und kostenpflichtige externe Quellen.
"Do-Not-Track"-Anfragen (DNT)
Einige Internet-Browser haben „Do-Not-Track“-Funktionen (DNT) aktiviert, die ein Signal (das sogenannte DNT-Signal) an von Ihnen aufgerufene Websites ausgeben, aus dem hervorgeht, dass Sie nicht nachverfolgt werden möchten. Derzeit gibt es keinen Standard, der festlegt, was Websites beim Empfang eines solchen Signals tun können oder sollen. Derzeit ergreifen wir keinerlei Maßnahmen als Reaktion auf diese Signale.
Externe Links auf unseren Websites
Einige Seiten unserer Websites enthalten Links zu Websites, für die diese Datenschutzrichtlinie nicht gilt. Wenn Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an diese Websites Dritter übermitteln, unterliegen Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen den jeweiligen Datenschutzrichtlinien dieser Dritten. Als Sicherheitsmaßnahme empfehlen wir Ihnen, keine personenbezogenen Daten an diese Dritten weiterzugeben, bevor Sie nicht deren Datenschutzrichtlinien überprüft und sich von ihren Maßnahmen zum Datenschutz überzeugt haben.
Blogs und Foren
Wir bieten öffentlich zugängliche Blogs und Foren auf unseren Websites an. Beachten Sie, dass alle Informationen, die Sie in diesen Blogs und Foren veröffentlichen, möglicherweise verwendet werden, um Ihnen unaufgefordert Nachrichten zu senden. Wir bitten Sie, bezüglich der Offenlegung personenbezogener Informationen in Blogs und Foren Vorsicht walten zu lassen. Zoho ist nicht für personenbezogene Daten verantwortlich, die Sie selbst veröffentlichen. Ihre Beiträge und bestimmte Profilinformationen können selbst dann weiterhin dort auffindbar sein, wenn Sie Ihr Konto bei Zoho löschen. Um die Löschung Ihrer Daten aus unseren Blogs und Foren zu beantragen, können Sie uns unter
privacy@zohocorp.com
kontaktieren
Widgets von sozialen Medien
Unsere Websites enthalten Widgets von sozialen Medien, wie beispielsweise „Gefällt mir“-Buttons von Facebook oder „Tweet“-Buttons von Twitter, mit denen Sie Artikel und andere Informationen teilen können. Diese Widgets können Informationen wie Ihre IP-Adresse und die auf unserer Website aufgerufenen Seiten erfassen und ein Cookie anlegen, um eine korrekte Funktion des Widgets zu gewährleisten. Ihre Interaktion mit diesen Widgets unterliegt der Datenschutzrichtlinie der Unternehmen, von denen diese Widgets bereitgestellt werden.
Offenlegung in Übereinstimmung mit gesetzlichen Vorgaben
Wir können gesetzlich verpflichtet sein, Ihre persönlichen Daten und Servicedaten zu speichern oder offenzulegen, um geltenden Gesetzen, Vorschriften, rechtlichen Verfahren oder behördlichen Anordnungen zu entsprechen, einschließlich der Erfüllung nationaler Sicherheitsanforderungen.
Durchsetzung unserer Rechte
Wir können personenbezogene Daten und Servicedaten an Dritte weitergeben, wenn wir eine solche Weitergabe für notwendig halten, um Betrug zu verhindern, Spam zu filtern, vermutete illegale Aktivitäten zu untersuchen, unsere Vereinbarungen oder Richtlinien durchzusetzen oder die Sicherheit unserer Benutzer zu schützen.
Unternehmensübertragungen
Wir beabsichtigen nicht, unser Unternehmen zu verkaufen. In dem unwahrscheinlichen Fall, dass wir unser Unternehmen verkaufen bzw. übernommen oder fusioniert werden, werden wir jedoch sicherstellen, dass das übernehmende Unternehmen rechtlich verpflichtet ist, unsere Verpflichtungen Ihnen gegenüber einzuhalten. Wir werden Sie per E-Mail oder durch einen auffälligen Hinweis auf unserer Website über jede Änderung im Hinblick auf den Besitz oder die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen und Servicedaten informieren. Wir werden Sie auch über alle Entscheidungen, die Sie in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen und Servicedaten treffen können, benachrichtigen.
Einhaltung dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie
Wir unternehmen alle Anstrengungen, darunter regelmäßige Überprüfungen, um sicherzustellen, dass die von Ihnen angegebenen personenbezogenen Informationen in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie genutzt werden. Wenn Sie Bedenken hinsichtlich der Einhaltung dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie oder der Art und Weise, in der Ihre persönlichen Daten verwendet werden, haben, schreiben Sie uns bitte an
privacy@zohocorp.com
. Wir werden uns mit Ihnen in Verbindung setzen und uns bei Bedarf mit den zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörden abstimmen, um Ihre Bedenken erfolgreich auszuräumen.
Benachrichtigung bei Änderungen
Wir können diese Datenschutzrichtlinie jederzeit ändern. Im Falle einer Änderung werden Sie mit einer Serviceankündigung oder einer E-Mail an Ihre primäre E-Mail-Adresse informiert. Falls wir wesentliche Änderungen an dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie vornehmen, die sich auf Ihre Rechte auswirken, werden Sie mindestens 30 Tage im Voraus per E-Mail an Ihre primäre E-Mail-Adresse über diese Änderungen informiert. Wenn Sie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse nicht bestätigt haben, entgehen Ihnen ggf. wichtige E-Mail-Benachrichtigungen. Wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass die aktualisierten Datenschutzrichtlinien Ihre Rechte bezüglich Ihrer Verwendung unserer Produkte oder Dienste einschränkt, können Sie die Nutzung innerhalb von 30 Tagen kündigen, indem Sie uns eine E-Mail senden. Wenn Sie nach dem Datum des Inkrafttretens einer beliebigen Änderung der Datenschutzrichtlinie mit der Nutzung fortfahren, gilt dies als Zustimmung zur geänderten Datenschutzrichtlinie. Über geringfügige Änderungen an der Datenschutzrichtlinie werden Sie nicht per E-Mail benachrichtigt. Falls Sie Bedenken hinsichtlich der Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen haben, prüfen Sie regelmäßig die Datenschutzerklärung unter
https://www.zoho.com/de/privacy.html
.
Melde dich kostenlos an
Zugreifen auf Zoho home
search
Produkte
Apps
Suites
Plattformen
Enterprise
Kunden
Unternehmen
Über uns
Unsere Geschichte
Presse
Events
Karriere
Mehr
Blog
Community
Partner suchen
Support
Kontakt
Anmelden
Alle Zoho Produkte
/privacy/double-dipping.html,
            /privacy/no-adjunct-surveillance.html, /privacy/no-ad-based-business-model.html
home/product-menu/privacy.html
/press.html, /inthenews.html,
            /analyst-reports.html,/opinions.html,/r/influence/,/r/influence/video-lab.html,/r/influence/remote-work.html,/branding/
home/product-menu/secondarymenu.html
Produkte
Apps
Suites
Plattformen
Enterprise
Kunden
Unternehmen
Über uns
Unsere Geschichte
Lokale Regenerierung
Presse
Events
Karriere
Personen bei Zoho
The Long Game
Concierge
Mehr
Blog
Community
Partner suchen
Support
Kontakt
Thanks for the recommendations. We will incorporate them at the earliest.
We would love to hear your thoughts on the page translation.
Name
*
E-Mail
*
Betreff
*
Error Description
Page URL
Screenshots
Attach files
Each of your file(s) can be up to 20MB in size.
You can attach as many as 5 files at a time.
Sub-policy 16
https://www.zoho.com/de/privacy/cookie-policy.html:
Bei Zoho verwenden wir keine Software von Drittanbietern, um die Besucher
                    unserer Website zu verfolgen. Wir nehmen Ihre Privatsphäre ernst und verwenden unsere eigenen
                    Tools, die in unseren Rechenzentren gehostet werden. Ihre Daten gehören Ihnen, und wir werden
                    sie niemals zu Werbezwecken verwenden. Sie können
hier
mehr über unsere Cookie-Richtlinie erfahren und Ihre
                        Einstellungen jederzeit ändern.
Cookies verwalten
Alle Cookies akzeptieren
Unnötige Cookies ablehnen
Schließen
Einstellungen zu Cookies
Mit den nachstehenden Optionen können Sie Ihre Zustimmung zu den Cookies, die auf dieser Website
                    gesetzt werden, verwalten. Sie können Ihre Einstellungen jederzeit ändern, indem Sie
                    unsere
Cookie-Richtlinie
aufrufen oder auf das Cookie-Symbol in der linken unteren
                        Ecke der Webseite klicken.
Unbedingt notwendig
Immer aktiviert
Diese Cookies sind notwendig, damit unsere Website funktioniert und können in
                                unseren Systemen nicht abgeschaltet werden. Erst diese Cookies ermöglichen es
                                Ihnen, innerhalb der Website zu navigieren und ihre Funktionen zu verwenden. Wenn Sie
                                diese Cookies deaktivieren oder aus Ihrem Browser entfernen, können wir nicht
                                garantieren, dass Sie unsere Website nutzen können.
Weitere
                                Informationen
Funktional/Präferenz
Mithilfe von Cookies können wir die von Ihnen getroffenen Einstellungen (wie Ihren
                                Benutzernamen, Ihre Sprache oder Ihre Region) sowie andere Funktionen (wie die Steuerung
                                des Cookie-Banners, die Umleitung auf eine neue Seite) speichern, um eine
                                persönlichere Online-Erfahrung zu bieten. Diese Einstellungen werden gespeichert
                                (durch die Verwendung dauerhafter Cookies), sodass Sie sie beim nächsten Besuch der
                                Seite nicht erneut festlegen müssen.
Hinweis: Das
Live-Chat-Widget
funktioniert
nicht
, wenn
                                die Funktionalität/Präferenzeinstellung deaktiviert ist.
Weitere
                                Informationen
analysen
Diese Cookies helfen uns bei der Verbesserung der Funktion unserer Webseiten (z. B.
                                indem sichergestellt wird, dass die Benutzer problemlos das finden, was sie suchen).
                                Diese sammeln aggregierte Informationen über Besuche und Navigation auf den
                                Websites, damit wir Verbesserungen vornehmen und über unsere Leistungen berichten
                                können. Analyse-Cookies werden möglicherweise auch verwendet, um neue Seiten
                                oder Funktionen zu testen und zu erfahren, wie diese bei den Benutzern ankommen.
Weitere Informationen
Drittanbieter-Cookies
Wenn Sie einige unserer Webseiten besuchen, die eingebettete Inhalte enthalten, die auf
                                einer Plattform von Drittanbietern gehostet werden, wie z. B. YouTube-Videos,
                                setzen diese Drittanbieter Cookies in Ihrem Browser. Wir entscheiden uns immer für
                                die datenschutzfreundlichsten Optionen, die von diesen Parteien angeboten werden, diese
                                werden jedoch nicht von uns kontrolliert. Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass diese
                                Parteien beim Besuch unserer Website Cookies in Ihrem Browser setzen, sollten Sie den
                                Besuch von Webseiten, die solche Einbettungen enthalten, vermeiden.
Weitere Informationen
Speichern und beenden
Privacy
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Einhaltung der DSGVO
Sicherheits-Whitepaper
Cookie-Richtlinie
Zoho – Cookie-Richtlinie
Cookie-Einstellungen verwalten
Zuletzt aktualisiert am: 04. Januar 2024
Was sind Cookies?
Ein Cookie ist eine kleine Textdatei, die auf Ihrem Computer oder einem anderen mit dem Internet verbundenen Gerät gespeichert wird, um Ihren Browser zu identifizieren, Analysen durchzuführen und Informationen wie Ihre Spracheinstellung oder Anmeldeinformationen zu speichern. Sie sind absolut sicher und können nicht zur Ausführung von Programmen oder zur Übertragung von Viren auf Ihr Gerät verwendet werden. Mehr über Cookies erfahren Sie
hier
(externer Link).
Welche Art von Cookies verwendet Zoho?
Cookies können entweder Sitzungscookies oder permanente Cookies sein. Ein Sitzungscookie verfällt automatisch, wenn Sie Ihren Browser schließen. Ein permanentes Cookie bleibt bestehen, bis es verfällt oder Sie Ihre Cookies löschen. Die Verfallsdaten werden in den Cookies selbst festgelegt – einige können nach einigen Minuten ablaufen, andere erst nach mehreren Jahren. Cookies, die von der Website platziert wurden, die Sie besuchen, werden als "Erstanbieter-Cookies" bezeichnet.
Im Folgenden finden Sie eine ausführliche Liste der Cookies, die wir auf unserer Website verwenden. Unsere Website wird regelmäßig durch unser Tool zum Scannen von Cookies gescannt, um die Liste so genau wie möglich zu halten. Wir unterteilen Cookies in die folgenden Kategorien:
Unbedingt notwendige
Funktions-/Präferenz
analysen
Unbedingt notwendige Cookies
Diese Cookies sind unbedingt notwendig, damit unsere Website funktioniert und können in unseren Systemen nicht abgeschaltet werden. Erst diese Cookies ermöglichen es Ihnen, innerhalb der Website zu navigieren und ihre Funktionen zu verwenden. Wenn Sie diese Cookies deaktivieren oder entfernen, können wir nicht garantieren, dass Sie unsere Website nutzen können.
Cookie-Name
Zweck
Validity
zalb_ und anschließend eine 10-stellige Folge von Zahlen oder alphanumerischen Zeichen
Lastausgleich und Sitzungsstabilität.
Sitzung
csr*/*csr*/*csr, zmpncc, zfccn
Website-Sicherheit
Sitzung
dcl_pfx_lcnt
Navigation durch domänenübergreifende Bereiche
Sitzung
JSESSIONID
HTTP-Sitzungstokenkennung
Sitzung
stk, rtk
Anmeldung, Anmeldung – Erfolgs- und Fehleranalyse
Sitzung
_imtrem
Option "Anmeldedaten speichern" verwalten
Sitzung
_z_identity
Anmeldesitzung des Nutzers verwalten
Sitzung
IAMTFA*
Validierung der zweistufigen Authentifizierung
Sitzung
_zsudc
Nutzerdefinierte Domänenanmeldesitzungen verwalten
Sitzung
zidp
OpenID-Anmeldeoptionen beibehalten
Sitzung
zoho_fbuid
Facebook-Anmeldeoption beibehalten
Sitzung
GAUTH_TICKET
Authentifizierungstoken in mobilen Apps für die mobile Anmeldung bereitstellen
Sitzung
tfa_ac
Verwaltung der zweistufigen Authentifizierung
Sitzung
clientauthtoken
Support-Anmeldung für das Client-Portal
Sitzung
_iamadt, _iambdt
Sitzung mit angemeldeten Nutzern verwalten
1 Monat
zip
Den Wert für das Land des IP-Gebietsschemas für den ordnungsgemäßen Betrieb der Website speichern
1 Tag
AKA_A2
Leistungsoptimierung beim Laden von Seiten
1 Stunde
dcl_bd
Speichert die Basisdomäne des aktuellen Rechenzentrums (DC), um eine korrekte rechenzentrumsübergreifende Domänennavigation zu gewährleisten.
Sitzung
is_pfx
Speichert die Informationen zum aktuellen Präfix der Web-URL-Domäne
Sitzung
IAMTFATICKET_<zuid>
Speichert eine vertrauenswürdige Browsersitzung, wenn die Option "diesem Browser vertrauen" während der TFA-Überprüfung durch den Nutzer aktiviert ist.
180 Tag(e)
^(?=.*\d)[a-z0-9]{37}_user_uuid$
Konto- und Sitzungsverwaltung
6 Stunden
^IAMSATCK_[0-9]+$
Es dient dazu, Brute-Force-Angriffe auf die Anmeldung von einem Browser aus zu verhindern.
90 Tage
aprmjrnpkcrkks
Sicherheit der Website/Applikation
Sitzung
BuildCookie_AssetType
Build-Management
6 Monate
IAM_TEST_COOKIE
Sicherheit der Website/Applikation
1 Tag
PHPSESSID
PHP-Sitzungscookie, das mit eingebetteten Inhalten dieser Domain verknüpft ist.
2 Tage
wms-tkp-token
Dies wird vom IAM-Filter festgelegt, um die WMS-Authentifizierung zu erleichtern
1 Monat
wms.agent
Dieses Cookie informiert den Client darüber, ob das "wms-tkp-token" vorhanden ist. Ist dies nicht der Fall, wird ein alternativer Authentifizierungsfluss verwendet.
1 Monat
ZCNEWLIVEUI
Um zu entscheiden, ob die neue Live-UI für Anwendungsbenutzer geladen werden soll
Sitzung
ZCNEWUIPUBLICPORTAL
Um zu wissen, ob die neue UI oder die alte UI für öffentliche, Portal- und benutzerdefinierte Domainseiten geladen werden soll
Sitzung
zmirc
Um den Benutzer zu einer App-Gruppe umzuleiten, die auf kostenlos/bezahlt basiert
1 Tag
zpcc
CSRF-Cookie, dieses Cookie wird gesetzt, wenn der Kunde auf einen externen (veröffentlichten) Link zugreift
Sitzung
zpct
Sicherheit der Website/Applikation
Sitzung
zuserlang
Speichert die bevorzugte Sprache auf der Website.
1 Tag
IsMarketingSkip
Synchronisierung von Registrierungsdaten mit internen Relation Management-Tools überspringen
Sitzung
acc_ver
Zur neuen Nutzeroberfläche der Zoho-Kontenseite umleiten
1 Jahr
isiframeenabled
Das Laden einiger statischer Container verwalten, um eine bessere UI-Client-Performance zu erzielen
1 Tag
uesign
Validierung der Client-ID beim Laden von Chats vorheriger Besuche
1 Monat
PaymentsReferral
Zur Identifizierung des Empfehlungspartners des Besuchers.
90 Tage
zflow_userDC
Speichert Benutzereinstellungen wie Cookie-Banner-Einstellungen, Zeitzone, Land, IP-Adresse, Gebietsschema usw.​
7 Tage
Funktions-/Einstellungs-Cookies
Mithilfe von Funktions-/Einstellungs-Cookies können wir die von Ihnen getroffenen Einstellungen (wie Ihren Nutzernamen, Ihre Sprache oder Ihre Region) sowie andere Funktionen (wie die Steuerung des Cookie-Banners, die Umleitung auf eine neue Seite) speichern, um eine persönlichere Online-Erfahrung zu bieten. Diese Einstellungen werden gespeichert (durch die Verwendung dauerhafter Cookies), sodass Sie sie beim nächsten Besuch der Seite nicht erneut festlegen müssen.
Hinweis: Das
Live-Chat-Widget
funktioniert
nicht
, wenn die Funktionalität/Präferenzeinstellung deaktiviert ist.
Cookie-Name
Zweck
Validity
has_js
Überprüfen, ob JavaScript im Browser des Besuchers aktiviert ist
Sitzung
zc_consent, zc_show
Nutzereinwilligung für die Verfolgung und die Cookie-Banner-Anzeigeeinstellungen verwalten
1 Jahr
*Abstimmungen
Den Status und die Auswahl der Besucher in den durchgeführten Abstimmungen beibehalten
1 Jahr
ZFEdition
Auswahl der Version in der gesamten Produktsuite von Zoho Finance beibehalten
150 Tage
ZFUserCountry, ZFUserCountryCode
Ländername und Ländercode des Shops, um Formulare in der Produktsuite von Zoho Finance vorab auszufüllen
150 Tage
zld*dragpos, zld*state
Optionen des SalesIQ-Chat-Fensters (Position und Status)
5 Minuten
isexitmodaldisabled
Speichert die Nutzer-Einstellungen (z. B. Cookie Banner, Zeitzone, Land, IP, Gebiet usw.)
90 Tage
pll_language
Polylang verwendet das Cookie pll _language, um sich die vom Benutzer gewählte Sprache zu merken, wenn er die Website erneut besucht. Dieses Cookie wird auch verwendet, um die Sprachinformationen zu erhalten, wenn diese nicht auf andere Weise verfügbar sind.
1 Jahr
^zld[0-9]+state$
Wird verwendet, um den Minimierungs- und Maximierungsstatus der Einbettung zu speichern
5 Minuten
Analyse-Cookies
Analyse-Cookies helfen uns bei der Verbesserung der Funktion unserer Webseiten (z. B. indem sichergestellt wird, dass die Nutzer problemlos das finden, was sie suchen). Diese erfassen Informationen über Besuche auf den Websites, damit wir Verbesserungen vornehmen und über unsere Leistungen berichten können. Zum Beispiel: Analyse des Besucher- und Nutzerverhaltens, um relevantere Inhalte bereitzustellen oder bestimmte Aktivitäten vorzuschlagen. Diese Cookies sammeln auch Informationen darüber, wie Besucher die Website nutzen, von welcher Website der Nutzer kam, die Anzahl der Besuche jedes Nutzers und die Dauer des Aufenthalts auf den Websites. Wir verwenden Analyse-Cookies möglicherweise auch, um neue Seiten oder Funktionen zu testen und zu erfahren, wie Nutzer darauf reagieren.
Cookie-Name
Zweck
Validity
RT
Misst die Seitenladezeit oder andere Timer, die der Seite zugeordnet sind
7 Tage
za_anonymous_id
Das Verhalten der Besucher auf unserer Website verstehen
1 Jahr
zc_cu, zc_cu_exp, zc_tp
Das Verhalten der Besucher auf unserer Website verstehen
1 Jahr
Z*PageURL, Z*Ref, ZohoMarkRef, ZohoMarkSrc
Das Verhalten der Besucher auf unserer Website verstehen
1 Monat, 1 Monat, Sitzung, Sitzung
zsstssn, zsltssn
Das Verhalten der Besucher auf unserer Website verstehen
30 Minuten, 90 Tage
*_zldp, *_siqid,*_uuid
Das Verhalten der Besucher auf unserer Website verstehen
2 Jahre
*_zldt
Anzahl der Besuche auf einer Seite zählen
1 Tag
zabUserId, zabHMBucket, zabBucket, zabVisitId, ZabSplit, ztpctest, zab_*
Das Verhalten der Besucher auf unserer Website verwalten, analysieren und verstehen
1 Jahr, 1 Jahr, 1 Jahr, Sitzung, 1 Jahr, vorübergehend, 1 Stunde
cookie-uid
Das Verhalten der Besucher auf unserer Website verstehen
Sitzung
creator_cd
Effektivität von AdWords-Kampagnen analysieren
3 Monate
zpzohopage, zpzohoref
Informationen zu Quelle und Empfehlungswebseite nachverfolgen, um die Nutzernavigation zu verstehen
Sitzung
gclid
Effektivität von AdWords-Kampagnen analysieren
3 Monate
gtm_zoho_source
Informationen zur Quelle der Empfehlung speichern
3 Monate
*zsrv0.*, zsr*, ps_payloadSeqId
Das Verhalten der Besucher auf einer Website verstehen
2 Stunden
^[a-z0-9]{32}$
Dient zur Ableitung des vom Besucher zurückgelegten Weges und der Anzahl der Besucher, die während des Durchlaufs durch den Trichter abgebrochen haben.
1 Monat
^webformstarter_[a-z0-9]+$
Website-Analysen
Sitzung
^webformvisitor_[a-z0-9]{64}$
Analyse/Leistung
Sitzung
^zsc[0-9a-z]{32}$
Dieses Cookie wird gesetzt, wenn eine neue Sitzung mit vollständiger Nachverfolgung gestartet wird. Dieses Cookie wird verwendet, um die aktuelle Sitzung für eine vollständige Nachverfolgung zu identifizieren.
1 Tag
landingPageUrl
Speichert die Nutzer-Einstellungen (z. B. Cookie Banner, Zeitzone, Land, IP, Gebiet usw.)
3 Monate
postMasterUUID
Website-Analysen
1 Jahr
zft-sdc
Dieses Cookie speichert Metadaten (Eingänge, Quelle usw.) einer Sitzung, die für die vollständige Nachverfolgung verwendet werden.
1 Tag
zia_{exp key - alphanumeric}
Dieses Cookie wird gesetzt, wenn der Benutzer Identitätsinformationen über die Identifier-API angibt
1 Jahr
zps-tgr-dts
Dieses Cookie enthält Metadaten auf Sitzungsebene, die sich auf die Auslöser von PageSense beziehen.
1 Jahr
*Information* :
Ein lokales Speicherobjekt mit dem Namen "zglobal_Acookie_optOut" wird verwendet, um Ihre Cookie-Präferenz zu speichern. Die Verwendung dieses Speicherobjekts wird als unbedingt erforderlich kategorisiert.
Was ist ein Drittanbieter-Cookie?
Ein Drittanbieter-Cookie ist ein Cookie, das nicht von der Website, die Sie besuchen, gesetzt wird (z. B. Cookies, die von youtube.com auf zoho.com gesetzt wurden). Einige der Zoho-eigenen Technologien und Anwendungen können in einer Domain gehostet werden, die eine andere ist als die Domain, die Sie gerade besuchen. Unser Engagement gilt jedoch auch für diese Domains (cdn.pagesense.io, js.zohocdn.com, *.zohopublic.com, zoho.in, zoho.com.au, zoho.com).
Zoho erlaubt es Drittanbietern jedoch nicht, Cookies oder andere Tracker auf unserer Website zu setzen. Dies ist Teil unserer Verpflichtung, die Privatsphäre unserer Nutzer mit größter Sorgfalt zu schützen. Wenn wir Inhalte, die auf der Plattform eines Drittanbieters gehostet werden, auf unserer Website einbetten, kann der Drittanbieter Cookies in Ihrem Browser setzen, die in der Regel dazu dienen, den Dienst wie beabsichtigt bereitzustellen (z. B. für die Verwaltung der Bandbreite, zur Speicherung Ihrer Sprachpräferenz, zur Nachverfolgung der Zustimmung und zur Erfassung anonymer Statistiken, wie z. B. die Anzahl der Streaming-Videos). Wo immer es möglich ist, wählen wir die datenschutzfreundlichsten Optionen, wie z. B. Datenschutzmodus oder, anonyme Statistiken, um sicherzustellen, dass wir Ihre Privatsphäre garantieren. Einige der Eigenschaften solcher Einbettungen liegen jedoch möglicherweise nicht vollständig unter unserer Kontrolle, z. B. unsere Fähigkeit, Cookies zu kontrollieren, die von diesen Drittanbietern einseitig gesetzt werden, wenn die mit solchen Inhalten eingebettete Webseite geladen wird.
Hier finden Sie eine Liste der Cookies, die von solchen Drittanbietern gesetzt werden, die auf unserer Website eingebunden sind.
Cookie-Name
Zweck
Validity
Name des Drittanbieters
PREF
Speichert Ihre Präferenzen und andere Informationen, wie z. B. die bevorzugte Sprache, die Anzahl der Suchergebnisse, die Sie sehen möchten, und ob der SafeSearch-Filter von Google aktiviert ist.
8 Monate
YouTube
YSC
Registriert eine eindeutige ID, um Statistiken darüber zu führen, welche Videos von YouTube der Besucher gesehen hat.
Sitzung
YouTube
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Misst Ihre Bandbreite, um festzustellen, ob Sie die neue oder die alte Player-Oberfläche erhalten.
8 Monate
YouTube
use_hitbox
Erhöht den Zähler für die Aufrufe des YouTube-Videos
8 Monate
YouTubes
sc_anonymous_id
Um ihre eingebetteten Inhalte/Dienste auf der Website zu implementieren, zu messen und zu verbessern – Die Sammlung von Daten umfasst auch die Interaktion der Besucher mit eingebetteten Inhalten/Diensten.
3650 Tage
SoundCloud
__cf_bm
Dieser Cookie wird verwendet, um zwischen Menschen und Bots zu unterscheiden
1 Tag
Vimeo
vuid
Erfasst Statistiken über die Besuche eines Nutzers auf der Website, z. B. welche Seiten gelesen wurden
2 Jahre
Vimeo
player
Speichert die Einstellungen des Benutzers bei der Wiedergabe eingebetteter Videos von Vimeo
1 Jahr
Vimeo
_abexps
Erinnert sich an Ihre Einstellungen, wie Sprache, Region oder Nutzername.​
1 Jahr
Vimeo
Wie können Sie Cookies verwalten?
Cookie-Präferenz-Manager
Sie können Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen jederzeit verwalten, indem Sie oben auf dieser Seite auf „Cookie-Einstellungen verwalten“ klicken oder über das Cookie-Symbol, das auf den Webseiten ganz unten auf der linken Seite erscheint. (sofern Sie die Seiten von innerhalb der EU, UK, Brasilien oder Kalifornien aufrufen)
Browser-Hersteller bieten in ihren Produkten Hilfeseiten zur Verwaltung von Cookies an. Weitere Informationen finden Sie weiter unten.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobil)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile
Haftungsausschluss
Wir können diese Cookie-Erklärung von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisieren, um beispielsweise Änderungen an den von uns verwendeten Cookies oder aus anderen betrieblichen, rechtlichen oder regulatorischen Gründen zu berücksichtigen. Bitte rufen Sie diese Cookie-Erklärung daher regelmäßig auf, um sich über die Verwendung von Cookies und die damit verbundenen Technologien zu informieren. Wenn Sie weitere Informationen zu Cookies erhalten möchten, kontaktieren Sie
privacy@zohocorp.com
.
Melde dich kostenlos an
Zugreifen auf Zoho home
search
Produkte
Apps
Suites
Plattformen
Enterprise
Kunden
Unternehmen
Über uns
Unsere Geschichte
Presse
Events
Karriere
Mehr
Blog
Community
Partner suchen
Support
Kontakt
Anmelden
Alle Zoho Produkte
/privacy/double-dipping.html,
            /privacy/no-adjunct-surveillance.html, /privacy/no-ad-based-business-model.html
home/product-menu/privacy.html
/press.html, /inthenews.html,
            /analyst-reports.html,/opinions.html,/r/influence/,/r/influence/video-lab.html,/r/influence/remote-work.html,/branding/
home/product-menu/secondarymenu.html
Produkte
Apps
Suites
Plattformen
Enterprise
Kunden
Unternehmen
Über uns
Unsere Geschichte
Lokale Regenerierung
Presse
Events
Karriere
Personen bei Zoho
The Long Game
Concierge
Mehr
Blog
Community
Partner suchen
Support
Kontakt
Thanks for the recommendations. We will incorporate them at the earliest.
We would love to hear your thoughts on the page translation.
Name
*
E-Mail
*
Betreff
*
Error Description
Page URL
Screenshots
Attach files
Each of your file(s) can be up to 20MB in size.
You can attach as many as 5 files at a time.