OneR Privacy Policy
When using our services and related options, this page will explain the policy regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data.
We use your data to provide and optimize the service. By using this service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise specified, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Data Transfer
Your information, including personal data, may be transmitted to computers located outside of your region or governmental jurisdiction, and data protection laws may differ from those in your location.
By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, submitting such information indicates your consent to this transmission.
We will take all necessary and reasonable measures to ensure the secure processing of your data, compliance with this Privacy Policy, and to avoid transmitting your personal data to organizations or countries/regions, except with appropriate control measures, including data security.
Legal Requirements
This application may honestly disclose your personal information, if deemed necessary, will include: Sensitive Personal Information You Share
Certain personal information may be considered sensitive due to its nature, such as race, religion, health information, etc. Sensitive personal information is subject to stricter protection.
Please note that content and information you provide, upload, or post while using our services may reveal sensitive personal information. You should be cautious whether to disclose such sensitive personal information. You agree to handle sensitive personal information according to this Privacy Policy.
Information Usage
We may use the collected information for the following purposes:
(1) Providing services to you;
(2) Identity verification, customer service, security, fraud detection, archiving, backup, to ensure the security of provided products and services;
(3) Designing new services, improving existing services;
(4) Understanding how you use services, better meeting personalized needs.
Information Security
We save your personal information only for necessary periods and periods required by law.
We use security technology and measures to prevent information loss, misuse, unauthorized access, or disclosure. For example, encryption technology (such as SSL) is used to protect personal information. However, due to technical limitations and malicious means, even with enhanced security measures, information security cannot be guaranteed 100%.
Shared Information
Our services may allow you to share information with social networks and other users. Please consider the content carefully . When using social media services, pay attention to the scope of information sharing. Once shared information is made public, it may not be completely deleted.
You declare and agree that OneR has the right to collect and save your personal data. When Processing Personal Data under this Agreement.
(1)
In order to ensure the success of online payments, your personal data will be collected, processed and transmitted to Transaction Parties,Payment Scheme/TPA or its Affiliates,and/or such third parties as may be necessary.
(2)
When you initiate a refund, you agree that OneR can transmit your consumption data to Apple Store,Apple Store has the sole discretion to decide whether it can be refunded or not.
(3)
OneR shall comply with all Relevant Laws relating to privacy and data protection.
Children Protection
OneR is not directed to childrenyou may not create a OneR account or use OneR services.
OneR has zero tolerance to any form of child abuse or exploitation. Your data (including group messages and private messages) may be shared with law enforcement agencies if we have reasonable grounds to believe that you have engaged in child pornography , or if we are requested to do so by law enforcement agencies.
1.
Restricted Content (Prohibited Content): Child Harm
We strictly prohibit users from creating, uploading or distributing content that incites child exploitation or abuse. Child sexual abuse and exploitation (CSAE) content is prohibited in the app, including but not limited to:
(1)
Inappropriate interactions with children (e.g., touching or caressing, verbal, vocal, or musical abuse in speech settings).
(2)
Grooming of children (e.g., befriending a child online for the purpose of engaging in sexual contact and/or exchanging sexually explicit photos with the child, either online or offline).
(3)
Sexualization of minors (e.g., depicting, encouraging, or promoting images of child sexual abuse, or depicting children in a manner that could lead to their sexual exploitation).
(4)
Sexual extortion (e.g., threatening or blackmailing a child through real or purported intimate photos of a child).
(5)
Child trafficking (e.g., promoting or luring a child for the purpose of commercial sexual exploitation).
We also do not allow adult themes in content directed to children, including, but not limited to:
(6)
Content containing excessive violence and gore.
(7)
Depictions or encouragement of harmful or dangerous activities.
We also do not allow apps that promote negative body or self-image, including the depiction of plastic surgery, weight loss, and other cosmetic adjustments to one’s appearance for entertainment purposes.
2.
Data Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. The privacy policy here explains our information collection practices for underage users.
We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. We will only collect, use, share or disclose the personal information of minors when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or other guardians, or when necessary to protect minors.
(1) What information do we collect from underage users?
When a young user registers for OneR, we only collect limited information, including username, password and birthday.
We may also automatically collect certain information from the user's device, including Internet or other network activity information, such as device ID, IP address, web browser type and version, country-level location, and certain application activity data.
(2) How do we use the collected information?
We use the collected information to provide and support our services. For example, we use usernames and passwords to authenticate child users.
We may use this information to protect the security or integrity of users and our services; perform analysis and troubleshooting; and ensure legal or regulatory compliance.
The collected information will not be used for any commercial purpose (including, but not limited to: advertising and marketing) or shared with third parties for any commercial purpose.
Child users cannot share personal information publicly, including video or profile information.
(3)
How do we share the information we collect?
We may disclose personal information if permitted or required by law (i) in response to a court order or subpoena; (ii) in response to a request from law enforcement or a public agency (including schools or child services); (iii) if we believe disclosure may prevent a crime, facilitate an investigation related to public safety, or protect the safety of young users who use our websites or apps; (iv) to protect the security or integrity of our websites, apps and other technologies and those of our service providers; or (v) to enable us to take precautions to avoid liability.
(4)
Security of Your Information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your information, such as through encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted through the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk.
We do not sell information about child users to third parties.
(5)
Choice
You may submit a request to access or delete the information we have collected about you by sending us a request via email. We will respond to your request in accordance with applicable law and after appropriate verification. We will not treat you differently for exercising any of your privacy rights.
3.
Social Function
(1)
Information verification: There are corresponding mechanisms in the app to verify whether the user is a child, and to prevent children from gaining access to the adult area of the app by falsely reporting their age. Specific measures include requiring an adult PIN , password, date of birth, photo ID, credit card, social security number (SSN) , or email verification.
(2)
Social features: Given the social features provided within the app, first, we will remind child users through in-app messages to be aware of online safety and understand the actual risks of online interactions before allowing them to exchange media content or information in any format. Second, we provide a method for adults to manage social features for child users, including but not limited to enabling / disabling social features or selecting different levels of features. Finally, we require adults to perform relevant actions before enabling features that allow children to exchange personal information.
4.
Compliance with legal requirements: We comply with applicable child safety laws and regulations, and our applications (including APIs or SDKs called or used by the applications ) comply with the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) , the EU General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR) , and any other applicable laws or regulations.
5.
Dealing with Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) :
Once we discover that an application contains child sexual abuse content, we will take corresponding measures, including but not limited to removing the corresponding content, restricting or banning related accounts, disabling devices, etc.
6.
User feedback mechanism:
If you discover or believe that there is content that is harmful to children on an app , please contact us immediately at feedback@onerlive.com to submit feedback, raise concerns, or report an issue.
Emails and Information Push
When using the Services, we may send you information by email, news or push notifications. If you don't want to receive it, you can unsubscribe.
Announcement about service
When necessary, we may send service-related announcements, which cannot be cancelled.
Announcement about service: if necessary, we may send announcements related to services that cannot be unsubscribed.
Terms of Use
This Privacy Policy applies to all services except specific services. Specific services will have specific privacy policies. In case of inconsistency, the specific service Privacy Policy shall prevail.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, please contact feedback@onerlive.com.