Privacy Policy
LAST MODIFIED: MAY 21, 2021.
PARISH DIGITAL LIMITED PRIVACY POLICY
For our Terms of Use, please
go here
.
WELCOME TO PARISH DIGITAL LIMITED!
​
PDL provides online & offline games, including online and mobile interaction with other players around the world. This policy describes how PARISH DIGITAL LIMITED and its third party marketing and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our games, whether played on mobile devices, PCs or on other platforms such as Facebook. It also applies to our Marketing and Advertising activities on all platforms and other services that we may provide to you from time to time. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to our games, websites, marketing and advertising activities and other services collectively as our “Services”.
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. , including consenting to PDL’s and our advertising partners’ use of your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the Marketing and Advertising sections of this Privacy Policy. Those sections also explain how you can withhold or withdraw your consent to the use of your data for targeted advertising purposes. If you have any other concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy you should not use our games or other Services.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect information from you, as further described below:
Information You Provide: We collect information from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you register for access to the Services or use certain Services. Information we collect may include but not be limited to username, email address, and any messages, images, transient VOIP data (to enable communication delivery only) or other content you send via a chat feature.
​
OTHER INFORMATION
Data We Collect Automatically: When you interact with us through the Services, we receive and store certain information such as an IP address, device ID, and your activities within the Services. We may store such information or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by affiliates, agents or service providers. The Services may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site or Service, the number of messages users have sent, as well as the sites which refer visitors to PDL.
Aggregated Information: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, we may conduct research on our customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the information collected. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents and business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Info through other Services: You may give us permission to collect your information in other services. For example, you may connect a social networking service (“SNS”) such as Facebook or Twitter to your games account. When you do this, it allows us to obtain information from those accounts (for example, your friends or contacts).
Cookies: We employ cookies and similar technologies to keep track of your local computer’s settings such as which account you have logged into and notification settings. Cookies are pieces of data that sites and services can sit on your browser or device that can be read on future visits. We may expand our use of cookies to save additional data as new features are added to the Service. In addition, we use technologies such as web beacons and single-pixel gifs to record log data such as open rates for emails sent by the system.
We may use third party web site analytic tools such as Google Analytics on our website that employ cookies to collect certain information concerning your use of our Services. However, you can disable cookies by changing your browser settings. Further information about the procedure to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider’s website via your help screen.
Advertisements: You may see our Service advertised in other applications or websites. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our Service, you will become a user of the Service. Advertising platforms, which include Twitter and Facebook (and whose SDKs are integrated within our Service), may collect information for optimizing advertising campaigns outside of the Service.
If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising that is delivered by third parties outside of the PDL Service, you may be able to exercise that choice through opt-out programs that are administered by third parties, including the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). Our Services currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals and operate as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received, as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance.
PLAYING OUR GAMES
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games or using our other Services, you consent to the collection of information about you by us. Most of this data comes directly from you or your device, such as device information, country and region, and gameplay information. We use this data to provide our games and Services to you, including for the purposes of optimisation, preventing fraud, customising in-game offers and verifying purchases. We may also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising purposes.
​
USING YOUR INFORMATION
Providing and optimising our Services
We use your information to enable us to provide our websites, advertising and other Services to you and to optimise all of them so that we can make them the best they can be for you and all our players. This will include use and analysis of aggregated data to make sure that our websites work properly on all devices and are as enjoyable as they can be for all our players.
Chat
Some of our Services include chat functionality. Users of our chat service(s) can send messages to other players, to PDL customer services or publicly on our forums. Your messages may be used and stored by us: (a) to convey your messages; and (b) to enable you and your recipients to view your message history (although please note that after 30 days your in-game chat messages will no longer be accessible). We reserve the right to review the content of your messages, including by using automatic filters, to ensure that you are complying with our terms of service and we also reserve the right to prevent your use of our chat service(s) or to block the sending of any message for any reason. We will not use the content of your chat messages for any other purpose.
Customer Services
We use your information, including data that you provide directly to us in communications, to provide you with support through our customer service channels when you need it. We may also use it to contact you, for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about our games and Services. Finally, we will use your data to manage your account and relationship with us and improve your experience when you use our Services.
Analytics and Research
We use analytics tools, which may include third party analytics tools, to collect information about how you play our games or use our Services. Those tools may use cookies or other similar tracking technologies. We may use your data to carry out research, surveys or to engage directly with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email), for these purposes. We may also create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Services, or to test out new game features and content.
Social and Community
We have a number of social and community channels which we use to communicate with our players. If you choose to interact with those channels, we will receive your information and use it in connection with those channels, including to engage with you, and we may also republish your posts to those channels.
Promotions and Competitions
From time to time we may run promotions or competitions during which we may collect certain personal information from you, such as your name, address, post code, email address or other information or content submitted in order for you to claim a prize. Those competitions will have their own specific terms and conditions, but we will use personal information that you provide in relation to that competition for the purposes of running the competition. We may also publish the names and entries of competition entrants. That information may also be combined with your PDL Profile and other account information and will be processed, stored and shared in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Cheating, crime and fraud prevention
We may use personal data that we hold to prevent cheating, crime or fraud. We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention, such as the police.
Legal uses
We may use your data as required or permitted by any applicable law. As a specific example, if you live in the European Union, this would include for the purpose of providing VAT invoices where we are required to do so by law or where requested by you.
Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies
To provide our games, Websites and interest-based advertising, we use ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies. This section describes our use of these technologies and how you can manage your preferences.
​
UNSOLICITED INFORMATION
You may provide us with ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
​
CHILDREN
Our Services are for users age 13 and over and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us please contact us at
jmprsh153@gmail.com
. For residents of the EEA, where processing of personal information is based on consent, PDL will not knowingly engage in that processing for users under the age of consent established by applicable data protection law. If we learn that we are engaged in that processing with such users, we will halt such processing and will take reasonable measures to promptly remove applicable information from our records.
​
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by us (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Services do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
​
DATA RETENTION
We generally retain personal data for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes identified herein. To dispose of personal data, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps. Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.
​
SECURITY
We take reasonable steps to protect the information provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any information via the Internet.
​
YOUR DATA RIGHTS AND CHOICES
We believe that users should be treated equally no matter where they are, and so we are making the following options to control your data available to all users, regardless of their location.
How can I access the personal data you have about me?
If you would like to submit a data access request, you can do so by writing to jmprsh153@gmail.com with the words “Personal Data Request” in the subject with a description of your usernames & PDL games you’ve played. We will then start the process and provide you a link to access the personal data that PDL has on you within 30 days.
How do I correct, update, amend, or delete the personal data you have about me?
Please follow the same steps as set out above, with the description entailing an explanation of what data subject right you are seeking to exercise. For your protection, we may take steps to verify identity before responding to your request.
How do I object or restrict the manner in which PDL processes my personal data?
You have a right to ask us to stop using your personal data in certain circumstances—for example, if we have no lawful basis to keep using your data, or if you think your personal data is inaccurate.
Individuals in the European Economic Area have the right to opt out of all of our processing of their personal data for direct marketing purposes. To exercise this right, please write to jmprsh153@gmail.com. You may also click the “unsubscribe” link in any of our marketing emails.
The rights and options described above are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law. In addition to those rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
​
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
​
CONTACTING US
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services. You may contact us as follows:
jmprsh153@gmail.com
.