PRIVACY POLICY
Last update: 1
st
of December 2020
WHO ARE WE AND WHAT IS THIS DOCUMENT?
The Guitar application (the "
App
") has been developed and is operated by MWM, which is located
54, Avenue du Général Leclerc, 92100, Boulogne Billancourt, France
and can be contacted by email at: support-guitar@mwmapps.com, (hereinafter "
MWM
").
MWM is very mindful of respecting your private life and the confidentiality of personal data relating to you (hereinafter “
Personal Data
”). This privacy policy is intended to inform you of how your Personal Data are collected, processed and stored by MWM and its processors when you use the App and related services.
MWM undertakes to process your Personal Data in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, and in particular the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, or "GDPR", and Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 on information technology, data files and liberties, in its current version (hereinafter the “
Applicable Regulations
”).
Please note that MWM can amend this privacy policy at any time, in full or in part. If the privacy policy is amended, you will be informed by a push notification and an email sent to you with a link toward the updated privacy policy.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT AND WHAT FOR?
MWM processes your Personal Data for the purposes and on the legal bases set out below.
Personal Data collected when you register on the App
When you register on the App, you must provide a certain amount of information, particularly your email and password.
You can also decide to sign up with Apple, using your Apple ID, or with Facebook which will transmit to MWM the public information on your Facebook profile: name, surname, profile picture, and if you chose to share it or if authorized in your Facebook settings, your email address. Please note that if you chose to hide your email address, we won't have it, but we will nevertheless be able to communicate with you through Apple or Facebook.
MWM processes such Personal Data for the creation and management of your account and for providing the services offered via the App. This processing is necessary for entering into and executing a contract with you.
You are informed that MWM also uses your email address to send you service messages, and information relating to the App and direct marketing emails or newsletters relating to other similar products or services offered by MWM, on the basis of its legitimate interests to communicate with you and inform you of new products or services.
Please note that you can also access the App as a "visitor", without registering. The above Personal Data will then not be collected. Please read our Terms of Use for more details on the visitor access and features set out hereabove.
Personal Data collected when you subscribe
You can also subscribe to the App or make in-app purchases.
In case of in-app purchases, your card details and invoice information (name, surname and postal address) are collected and processed by Google or Apple, depending on the app store of your device.
Data collected when you contact MWM the App
While you are using the App, you may contact MWM. MWM will process your personal data based on its legitimate interests to process and answer your questions and claims.
Anonymous usage data
MWM may collect usage data, in an anonymous manner, in order to better organize and manage the contents it presents on the App. This data is aggregated and can in no respect identify you.
ARE COOKIES SET ON YOUR DEVICE WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITE ?
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file sent to your browser by the website you visit or app you download, and stored on your device. Cookies allow the website or app to collect information about your visit, such as how you navigate through the website or your language preference, in order to improve your browsing experience and the content and functionality of the website or app.
What cookies are installed through our website?
You are informed that on our website, we only install cookies strictly necessary to manage your connection, allowing in particular to keep your session open.
How can you accept, refuse or delete cookies?
You are informed that you cannot use the App without the cookie.
PERSONALIZED ADVERTISING
The first time you connect on the App, a pop up will be displayed, informing you that if you give your consent, your advertising ID (IDFA) and other data, such as location data, and other demographic and interest data about you will be transmitted to MoPub, a division of Twitter, and all its data partners, for the purpose of providing you with a personalized advertising experience. You are free to refuse or agree to such processing.
For more information on the data processing activities performed by MoPub and its data partners as data controllers, please consult the following documentation:
https://www.mopub.com/en/gdpr/gdpr-faq
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
You may withdraw your consent later by enabling the "Limit Ad Tracking" setting on iOS devices or "Opt-out of Ads personalisation" setting on Android devices.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Your Personal Data may be transmitted to MWM’s processors and service providers, and particularly its technical, hosting, payment or client support services providers such as:
-
Zendesk for client support and ticketing;
-
SendinBlue emailing;
-
Google Cloud Platform and Elastic Cloud for data storage.
MWM may also need to share your Personal Data with its external advisors (lawyers, accountants, etc.).
You are hereby informed that, while MWM does not actively transfer your Personal Data outside the European Union, some of its data processors may do so, particularly to the United States, under the Privacy Shield:
-
Zendesk:
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR?
MWM shall store your Personal Data for any length of time required for the use of your account, as such, your Personal Data will be permanently deleted when you delete your account.
Furthermore, if your account remains inactive for a period of 3 years after the final user action, MWM will send you an email to inform you of the deletion of your account.
You are hereby informed that MWM reserves the right to store your Personal Data in its temporary archives where strictly necessary to defend its rights in the event of a dispute, for the applicable limitation period.
Also, please note that considering its status of hosting service provider, MWM is subject to a legal obligation to retain some Personal Data relating to you for a duration of one year, on the basis of article 6.II of the Law 2004-575 of 21 June 2004 on confidence in the digital economy (LCEN).
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS?
In accordance with the Applicable Regulations, you have the rights to access, rectify, and delete your Personal Data. Under the conditions of the Applicable Regulations, you also benefit from the rights to request the limitation of the processing, the portability of your Personal Data, and the right to object to processing for reasons pertaining to your personal situation when the processing is based on MWM’s legitimate interest. You can also communicate instructions about the fate of your Personal Data in the event of your death.
You can also, at any time, and without reason, object to the processing of your Personal Data for the purposes of direct marketing.
You can exercise these rights with MWM by sending your request accompanied by a copy of an identity document by email to the following email address: privacy@mwm-apps.com or by mail, writing to the following address:
MWM,
54, Avenue du Général Leclerc, 92100, Boulogne Billancourt, France.
In any case, you may, at any time, submit a claim to the CNIL (French Data Protection Authority) (
www.cnil.fr
).
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1633358381177000&usg=AOvVaw2modKQSvpBXegjPd-fg6LI:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.