Artist Content Agreement
Influencer Lisence Agreement
Privacy Policy
ZEBR - PRIVACY
POLICY
1. This Privacy Policy sets out the terms on which we collect, process and handle personal data which you provide to us while using the website located at
www.ZebrMusic.com
(“
Site
”) and/or the app known as “
Zebr
” (“
App
”) and/or the services provided from the Site and the App (“
Service
”). The Site and the App, together with all content on the Site and the App, is owned or controlled by Zebr Limited, a company registered in England with offices at Piper House, 4 Dukes Court, Bognor Road, Chichester PO21 8FX, UK (“
we
” or “
our
” or “
Zebr
”). Zebr is registered as a Data Controller with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
2. To provide the Service, it is necessary for us to collect and process certain personal information (“
Data
”), including some or all of the following: name, address, date of birth, gender, email addresses and/or mobile phone numbers, IP addresses, device and/or web-browser details, operating system details, activities on the Site, personal preferences relating to the Site, the App or the Service, billing, financial information such as credit/debit card numbers, and details of the locations from which you intend to use the Service. You are responsible for ensuring that all personal information you provide to us is updated and correct at all times.
3. The Data will be stored together with any additional information you provide to us, and will be used to provide you with, and to improve, the Service. We may collect, store and process certain personal information to provide you with information and tools to allow you to use the Service, to perform marketing and research related activities, to supply other administrative services (e.g. setting up new accounts), to respond to enquiries and/or for other record-keeping purposes and to improve the Site, the App and the Service. From time to time, we and/or our trusted partners may contact you from time to time with offers that may interest you or to inform you of other products and services. Additionally, our third party service providers may have access to Data to carry out contracted services and we may provide your personal information to such third parties for the purposes of fulfilling your requests. All Data is processed by us in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and we will keep your personal information only for as long as is necessary.
4. We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business which may involve the transfer of certain divisions or assets of our company to other parties, and Data, where relevant, may be transferred to such third parties. Additionally, from time to time we may transfer Data for to locations outside the European Economic Area, some of which may have different data protection laws to the UK or the EU, or no data protection laws.  In all such cases, we transmit such information only to entities that comply with this policy and applicable law.
5. The Site and/or the App may display links to certain third party websites. We encourage you to read the individual privacy policies of those sites before providing any of your personal information to them.
6. We may use ‘cookies’ while you access the Site. A cookie is a small file which can be downloaded on a device when you access the Site and is then sent back to the Site each time you access it. Cookies are useful because they allow us to recognise your device and your user preferences. We use cookies to set users’ preferences, gather basic tracking information (such as login and password), date, time of visit and preferences and monitor the presentation of the Site. This information allows us to personalise the user experience and to improve the quality of the Site navigation. We also use analytical cookies, which allow us to recognise and count the number of users on the Site and to see how users move around the Site when they are using it. This helps us improve the way the Site works, for example by making sure users find easily what they need. Please note that advertisers on the Site may also deploy cookies and web beacon technology to measure and improve the effectiveness of advertising to their clients. If you do not want cookies on your computer, you can remove them by changing your browser settings.
7. Please note you have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of Data or to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Data. If you do not want us to retain or use your Data in any way or at any time, you may withdraw your consent (i.e. “opt out”), by contacting us at
info@ZebrMusic.com
. Information about concerns or complaints may be made to the Information Commissioners Office in the UK via
https://ico.org.uk/concerns
.
8. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and such changes shall be effective from the date and time the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Site and/or the App. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy on a regular basis so that you will be aware of any changes to it.
9. If you have further questions about our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mailing
info@ZebrMusic.com