Privacy statement GUTS Netherlands B.V.
GUTS Netherlands B.V., with its registered office in Amsterdam at Piet Heinkade 181-H (hereinafter: 'GUTS' or 'we'), takes the privacy of Users very seriously. We handle the personal data that we collect during our business operations with the greatest of care.
GUTS will only use your personal data in accordance with the conditions of this Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Statement explains the following:
Basis and reasons for processing data;
How we use these data;
Security of your data;
Other considerations.
1. Basis and reasons for collecting data
GUTS collects data because this is necessary for the performance of our services.
The collected data are used in order to purchase honest Tickets from our client in a safe and reliable way via our Application, and to maintain, secure and improve our Application.
We will request the following information in order to successfully process a financial transaction: first name and surname, address, postcode, city/town and country, e-mail address, telephone number and date of birth. These data are important so that we can then correspond with you about the status of your transaction in order to acquire the Tickets, to contact you if there is a problem and to decide whether the person who is paying is old enough to buy the Tickets and go the Event.
In addition, GUTS uses your data, if you have granted express permission for this, to provide you with personalised content, such as more relevant search results and relevant upcoming events.
Data are collected in the following ways:
Data that you provide to us:
When you create a profile/account within our Application you provide certain personal data (such as: name, e-mail address, telephone number).
Data that we received on the basis of your use of our services:
We collect data about the services that you use and the way that you use them. These data include: device data, log file data, location data, unique application numbers, local storage, cookies and comparable technologies.
2. Use of data
We use data that is collected from cookies and other technologies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. Our systems analyse your content in order to provide you with relevant product functions, such as appropriate search results, personalised advertisements and spam and malware detection.
We ask for your permission before we use data for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Statement.
We do not share personal data with businesses, organisations and individuals outside GUTS insofar as sharing of such data is not necessary for the performance of our services. Only if you have granted explicit permission to share the data collected by GUTS with our Client(s), by declaring your agreement to the privacy statement of our Client for specifically defined purposes, will GUTS share your data with its Client.
If you're granted explicit permission permits it, GUTS will – on request – share your data with the artists/organiser you've bought Tickets for and/or their legal representatives.
GUTS will only share your personal data in accordance with the applicable Dutch law.
3. Security and duration of the storage of your data
At GUTS we do everything to protect Users against unauthorised access or unauthorised modification, disclosure or deletion of data that are in our possession. We restrict access to your personal identifiable information to employees who need this information to offer our service to you. Our security systems comply with the requirements of European and national legislation in the area of the protection of personal data and your data are only stored on servers within the EU.
GUTS stores your data during the entire period that you make active use of our Application. After 36 months of inactivity your data are removed.
If we receive a formal written complaint, we will contact the person who submitted the complaint to discuss follow-up actions.
4. Other considerations
You can yourself assess the personal information you provide to us and make any changes you desire to your information. These changes can be made on the GUTS website.
If we receive a written complaint, we will contact the person who submitted the complaint to discuss follow-up actions.
You have the right at all times to ask us to delete your data. You can submit a request to this effect via
info@guts.tickets
. One of our employees will then contact you as soon as possible to confirm that your data have been deleted.
This Privacy Statement applies to all services of GUTS Netherlands B.V. (GUTS).
Our Privacy Statement may be amended from time to time, but we will not restrict your rights without your express consent.
GUTS Netherlands B.V.
Piet Heinkade 181H Amsterdam
www.guts.tickets
Download Privacy Policy as PDF
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://guts.tickets/files/Privacy-Policy-GUTS-Netherlands.pdf:
