Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective as of March 29, 2024.
This “Privacy Policy” describes the privacy practices of Fashion Nova, Inc., and our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Fashion Nova”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) in connection with the
https://www.fashionnova.com/
website, the Fashion Nova mobile application, and any other online services that we control and which post or link to this Privacy Policy (the “Service”), and the choices available to you with respect to your personal information.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise stated, “personal information” means information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, and does not include aggregate information or information that does not identify you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the processing of personal information by third parties or personal information collected in the context of your employment with us.
Some regions provide additional rights by law. For region-specific terms, see below:
California residents click
here
Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia residents, click
here
Nevada residents, click
here
Individuals in Europe or the UK, click
here
For our contact details, see the
Contact Us
section below.
Table of Contents
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Disclose your Personal Information
Your Privacy Choices
Third Parties
Security Practices
Retention
International Data Transfers
Children
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Notice to California Residents
Notice to Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Residents
Notice to Nevada Residents
Notice to European Users
Cookie Policy
Personal Information We Collect
We collect personal information about you in a variety of contexts, as described below.
Personal information you provide to us through the Service
When you use the Service, you may be asked to provide personal information to us, such as when you register an account, make a purchase, sign-up for our marketing materials , participate in a promotion, respond to our surveys, or contact support. The categories of personal information we collect include:
Contact identifiers
, such as your first and last name, email address, postal address, and phone number.
Characteristics or demographics
, such as your age, date of birth, gender, and country.
Commercial or transaction data
, such as records of products or services you purchased, obtained, or considered, including your order history and order details.
Profile data
, such as your interests and preferences.
Account credentials
, such as your password, password hints, and other information for authentication or account access.
Payment information
, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit or debit card number), expiration date, and security code as necessary to process your payments. This information is processed by our payment processors.
Communications
, such as any content you provide when you contact us with questions, feedback, survey responses, or otherwise correspond with us.
User-generated content
, such as any content you provide when you publicly post (including product reviews).
Contact identifiers for other individuals
, such as first and last name, email address, and postal address about others for whom you purchase an item or gift.
Please do not provide any personal information that we do not request.
Automatic collection of personal information from your browser or device
When you use the Service, we and third parties we work with may automatically collect personal information from your browser or device. The categories of personal information we automatically collect include:
Device identifiers
, such as your device’s IP address and Ad Id.
Device data
, such as your device’s operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, and regional and language settings.
Internet activity data
, such as your browsing history and interactions, pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, items placed in your shopping cart and items abandoned, access times, and duration of access.
Non-precise location data
, such as general location derived from an IP address that indicates city or postal code level.
Precise location data
, such as latitude/longitude, with your consent.
This automatic data collection is facilitated by cookies and similar technologies incorporated into our Service. See our
Cookie Policy
for details.
Personal information from business relationships.
Through our business relationships with you, we collect personal information about you such as your contact identifiers. This information is not subject to this privacy policy except as required by applicable law.
Personal information from other sources.
We also collect personal information about you from other sources. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information include:
Business partners
, such as those engaged in joint marketing or promotional activities.
Data providers
, such as data licensors of private and public databases.
Public sources
, such as blogs, forums or where data is in the public domain.
Third party vendors and advertising partners.
Social media platforms
with which you interact. For example, when you engage with our content on social media (such as through our brand page or direct message), we may collect personal information such as your contact identifiers and any comments you provide. We may also receive additional information from the social media platform that you have authorized the platform to disclose to us. If you publicly reference our Service on social media (such as by using a hashtag associated with us in a tweet or post), we may use your reference on or in connection with our Service.
Personal information we infer.
We infer new personal information from other information we collect, including by generating information about your likely preferences or other characteristics.
Sensitive personal information.
To the extent any of categories of personal information we collect are sensitive categories of personal information under applicable law, we process such personal information only for the limited purposes permitted by applicable law. We do not sell or use sensitive categories of personal information for purposes of targeted advertising or to make inferences.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We collect and use your personal information for the following purposes and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection:
Service delivery.
We use your personal information to:
Provide and operate the Service, such as to enable you to make purchases of clothing and accessories that we have listed on the Service;
establish and maintain your account on the Service;
communicate with you about the Service, including by sending you announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
provide customer support and maintenance for the Service; and
enable security features of the Service, such as by sending you security codes via email or SMS (if you have opted in), and remembering devices from which you have previously logged in.
Direct marketing.
We use your personal information to send you Fashion Nova-related marketing communications as permitted by law. You will have the ability to opt-out of our marketing and promotional communications as described in the
Your Privacy Choices
section below.
For research and development.
We use your personal information for research and development purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and our business, for example through use of surveys or cookies and other technologies. You may have the ability to limit some analytics through cookies and other technologies as described in the
Your Privacy Choices
section below.
Promotions.
When you voluntarily enter a promotion, we use information as set out in the official rules that govern the promotion as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law. By entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that promotion, and that, except where prohibited by applicable law, we, the sponsor, and related entities may use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.
Advertising.
We work with agencies, ad networks, technology providers and other third-party advertising companies to display ads on our Service and other websites and services. As part of this process, we incorporate cookies and similar technologies to automatically collect personal information about you (including the device identifiers, device data, internet activity data and/or non-precise location data described above) over time across our Service and other non-affiliated sites and services or your interaction with our emails, and use that personal information to serve ads that we think may interest you. This process is known as “targeted advertising.” You can learn more about your choices regarding targeted advertising in the
Your Privacy Choices
section below and our
Cookie Policy
. We also use audience matching services (which is a type of targeted advertising) to reach people (or people similar to people) who have visited our Service or are identified in one or more of our databases (“Matched Ads”). This is done by us providing a list of hashed email addresses to a third party or incorporating a pixel from a third party into our own Service, and the third party matching common factors between our data and their data. For instance, we incorporate the Facebook pixel in our Service and may disclose your hashed email address to Facebook as part of our use of Facebook Custom Audiences.
Recruitment.
We use your personal information to make decisions about recruiting and in anticipation of a contract of employment.
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety.
We use your personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (b) audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements; (c) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; (d) comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal processes, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; and (e) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyber-attacks and identity theft.
At your direction or with your consent.
We use personal information for additional purposes where you direct us to use it in a certain way. In some cases we may provide you notice of additional uses and specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or disclose your personal information.
Sometimes we aggregate or de-identify information so it is no longer considered personal information. We may use non-personal information for any purpose to the extent permitted by law.
How We Disclose Your Personal Information
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of persons for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection:
Affiliates.
Our subsidiaries and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service providers.
Companies and individuals that process personal information in order to provide services on our behalf (such as order fulfillment, shipping, payment processing, customer support, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, database management services, returns processing and risk and fraud mitigation). To the extent required by law, we contractually prohibit our service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing information about you for any purpose other than performing the services for us, although we may permit them to use non-personal information for any purpose to the extent permitted by law.
Third party vendors.
Some of the third party vendors we work with independently control the purposes and means of processing your personal information. For example, certain analytics, security, and fraud prevention vendors.
Advertising partners.
Third party agencies, ad networks, technology providers and other advertising partners receive personal information from us for advertising purposes, including targeted advertising. These persons may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently control the purposes and means of processing your personal information. You can learn more about your choices regarding targeted advertising in the
Your Privacy Choices
section below and our
Cookie Policy
.
Business partners.
These are business partners in connection with offering co-branded services, selling or distributing our products, or engaging in joint marketing or promotional activities.
The public.
Other users of the Service and the public, when you disclose personal information for public use. For instance, you may be able review a product that you purchased, and we will display your name along with the content you submit. We do not control how other users or third parties use any personal information that you make available to them. Please be aware that any information you post publicly can be cached, copied, screen captured or stored elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines) before you have a chance to edit or remove it.
Professional advisors.
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Authorities and other recipients for security and enforcement.
Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate to comply with law or for the compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes described above.
Business transferees.
We may disclose some or all of your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Recipients at your direction or with your consent.
We disclose personal information where you direct us to or with notice to you and your consent. Please note, we do not control the third party’s use of your personal information.
Sometimes we aggregate or de-identify information so it is no longer considered personal information. We may disclose non-personal information for any purpose to the extent permitted by law.
Your Privacy Choices
We provide a variety of ways for you to exercise choice, as described below.
Region-specific rights.
Some regions provide additional rights by law, as described in our region-specific terms. This subsection details how you may exercise some of those rights to the extent they apply to you.
Data Subject Requests.
To access, correct, delete, or exercise similar rights available to you in your region with respect to your personal information, please submit a request at
https://privacy.fashionnova.com/
.
Opt-out of sales, shares, and targeted advertising.
To opt-out of sales or shares (as those terms are defined by applicable law), or the processing of personal information for targeted advertising purposes, manage your settings through the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of our website or turn on a recognized opt-out preference signal, such as
Global Privacy Control
, in your browser or extension. Please note that when you opt-out through either of the above methods we do not know who you are within our systems, and your opt-out will apply only to personal information collected from tracking technologies on the specific browser from which you opt-out. If you delete or reset your cookies, or use a different browser or device, you will need to reconfigure your settings. If you want the opt-out to apply to personal information we have about you in our systems, please also submit a request at
https://privacy.fashionnova.com/
.
Communications.
Email.
You may opt out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of the email. You may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Text.
If you opt-in to receive text messages from us, you may opt out of receiving further text messages from us by replying STOP in response to a message.
Push notifications.
You may opt out of push notifications by adjusting your device settings or uninstalling our apps.
Accounts.
If you have registered an account with us, you may review and update certain personal information in your account profile or delete your account in its entirety through your account settings.
Controls for cookies and pixels.
Blocking cookies in your browser.
Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including cookies used for targeted advertising. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. When you manage cookies, pixels associated with such cookies may also be impacted. Please note that cookie management only applies to our website. If you use multiple browsers, you will need to instruct each browser separately. If you delete or reset your cookies, you will need to reconfigure your settings. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Preference signals.
Your browser or extension may allow you to automatically transmit
Do Not Track
and other preference signals. Except as required by law, we do not respond to preference signals.
Using privacy plug-ins or browsers.
You can block our websites from setting cookies used for targeted advertising by using a browser with privacy features, like Brave, or installing browser plugins like
Privacy Badger
,
Ghostery
or
uBlock Origin
, and configuring them to block third party cookies/trackers.
Third party opt-out tools.
Some of the third parties we work with offer their own opt-out features that let you opt-out of certain uses of personal information collected through their cookies and pixels. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any third party opt-out tools.
Google:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptou
t and
https://adssettings.google.com
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/ads
Criteo:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/disable-criteo-services-on-internet-browsers/
Advertising industry opt-out tools.
Some of the third parties we work with may participate in organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding targeted advertising. To opt out of receiving targeted advertising from participating companies, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance:
http://optout.aboutads.info
Network Advertising Initiative:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
For European users:
https://youronlinechoices.eu/
.
If you choose to opt-out of targeted advertisements through these links, you should no longer see targeted advertising from the selected participants on the browser or device from which you opted-out, but the opt-out does not mean that the participants will not process your information for targeted advertising purposes. Even if you do choose to opt out, not all companies that serve online behavioral advertising are included in this list, so you may still receive some cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any third party opt-out tools.
Controls for app-technologies
Resetting advertising ID.
Your device settings may provide functionality to reset the advertising ID associated with your device, which is designed to allow you to limit the use of personal information collected about your device. You can also stop all collection of information via an app by uninstalling the app.
Advertising industry opt-out tools.
The Digital Advertising Alliance (referenced above) also gives users the ability to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from participating members in mobile apps. To opt-out, please install the AppChoices mobile app, available at
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
, and select your choices. This opt-out is subject to the limitation set out above and we are not responsible for its effectiveness.
Precise-location technologies.
Users of our app can disable our access to their device’s precise location data in their device settings or by uninstalling the app.
Matched Ads.
To opt out of us disclosing your hashed email address to third parties for Matched Ads purposes, please submit a request at
https://privacy.fashionnova.com/
. To the extent required by law, we will remove your email address from any subsequent lists disclosed to third parties for Matched Ads purposes.
Third Parties
The Service may contain links to other websites and online services operated by third parties. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. In addition, our content may be included on web pages or online services that are operated by third parties. We do not control third party websites or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites and online services you use.
Security Practices
We employ organizational, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
Retention
We retain information for the length of time that is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements.
International Data Transfers
Fashion Nova is headquartered in the United States and may have service providers in other countries. Your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. Where required by applicable law, we will provide appropriate safeguards for data transfers, such as through the use of standard contractual clauses.
Children
The Service is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information (as that term is defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act, or “COPPA”) from children under age 13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected personal information from children, please contact us as set out in the
Contact Us
section. We will delete the personal information in accordance with COPPA.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Service. If required by law, we will also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as via email or another manner through the Service. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the modified version (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your continued use of the Service after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, or have trouble accessing this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: privacy@fashionnova.com
By mail:
Fashion Nova
Attn: Legal – Privacy
2801 East 46th Street
Vernon, CA 90058
To exercise choice, use the methods described in the
Your Privacy Choices
section above or your region-specific terms below.
Notice to California Residents
We are required by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) to provide to California residents an explanation of how we collect, use and disclose their personal information, and of the rights we offer to California residents with respect to that personal information. For purposes of this section, “personal information” has the meaning given in the CPRA.
The following sections describe our practices with respect to personal information subject to the CPRA:
For the categories of personal information we have collected in the past 12 month, see the
Personal Information We Collect
section above.
For the categories of sources from which personal information is collected, see the
Personal Information We Collect
section above.
For the specific business and commercial purposes for collecting and using personal information, see the
How We Use Your Personal Information
section above.
For the categories of third parties to whom information is disclosed, see the
How We Disclose Your Personal Information
section above.
For the criteria used to determine the period of time personal information will be retained, see the
Retention
section above.
We do not sell personal information as that term is traditionally understood. However, some of our disclosures of personal information may be considered a “sale” or “share” as those terms are defined under the CPRA. A “sale” is broadly defined under the CPRA to include a disclosure for something of value, and a “share” is broadly defined under the CPRA to include a disclosure for cross-context behavioral advertising. We collect, sell, or share the following categories of personal information for commercial purposes: contact identifiers, characteristics or demographics, commercial or transactions data, profile data, device identifiers, device data, internet activity data, non-precise location data, and inferences drawn from any of the above. The categories of third parties to whom we sell or share your personal information include, where applicable, vendors and other parties involved in cross-context behavioral advertising. For details on your rights regarding sales and shares, see the Right to Opt-Out of Sales and Sharing section below. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.
Some of the personal information we collect may be considered sensitive personal information under CPRA. For example, account credentials. We collect, use, and disclose such sensitive personal information only for the permissible business purposes for sensitive personal information under the CPRA or without the purpose of inferring characteristics about consumers. We do not sell or share sensitive personal information.
Rights to Know, Correct, and Delete.
The CPRA grants California residents the following rights. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to Know.
You have the right to know the following: what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which personal information is collected, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of personal information that we sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose, the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Correction.
You have the right to correct inaccurate personal information we have collected from you.
Deletion.
You have the right to delete the personal information that we have collected from you.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described herein free from discrimination.
To exercise any of these rights, please follow the instructions for data subject requests in the
Your Privacy Choices
section above. If you have an account with us, we may require you to use the account to submit the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and respond to your request within 45 days. We reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and will need to confirm your identity to process your requests to exercise your rights. As part of this process, we may ask for your email or other forms of identification. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request in accordance with the CPRA.
Right to Opt-Out of Sales and Sharing.
To the extent we “sell” or “share” your personal information as those terms are defined under the CPRA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. To exercise this right, please follow the instructions for opting out of sales, shares, and targeted advertising in the
Your Privacy Choices
section above.
Authorized Agent
Consistent with California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. Except for requests made by opt-out preference signal, we will require written and signed proof of the agent’s permission to do so and may verify your identity directly with you. Requests must be submitted through the designated methods listed above.
Shine the Light.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (California Civil Code § 1798.83) allows California residents to ask companies with whom they have formed a business relationship primarily for personal, family or household purposes to provide certain information about the companies’ sharing of certain personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding year (if any). You can submit such a request by contacting us as set out in
Contact Us
section with “Shine the Light” in the subject line. The request must include your current name, street address, city, state, and zip code and attest to the fact that you are a California resident. We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
Notice to Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Residents
These additional rights and disclosures apply only to residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia. Terms have the meaning ascribed to them in the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CTDPA”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”) and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”), as applicable.
In your region, you have the following rights under applicable law:
To confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data
To access your personal data
To correct inaccuracies in your personal data
To delete your personal data
To obtain a copy of your personal data that you previously provided to us in a portable and readily usable format
To exercise any of these rights, please follow the instructions for data subject requests in the
Your Privacy Choices
section above. Please note these rights are subject to exceptions. We will respond to your request within 45 days. If you have an account with us, we may require you to use the account to submit the request. We may require specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. We do not process personal data for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning consumers.
You also have the right to opt out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising or the sale of personal data. To exercise this right, please follow the instructions for opting out of sales, shares, and targeted advertising in the
Your Privacy Choices
section above.
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. Except for requests made by opt-out preference signal, we will require written and signed proof of the agent’s permission to do so and may verify your identity directly with you. Requests must be submitted through the designated methods listed above.
If we refuse to take action on a request, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period time by contacting us at privacy@fashionnova.com and specifying you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint as follows:
For Colorado residents, to the Colorado AG at
https://coag.gov/file-complaint/
For Connecticut residents, to the Connecticut AG at
https://www.dir.ct.gov/ag/complaint/
For Virginia residents, to the AG at
https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumercomplaintform
Notice to Nevada Residents
We do not sell and will not sell your covered information (as those terms are defined by Nevada privacy law).
Notice to European Users
The disclosures provided in this “Notice to European Users” section applies only to individuals in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (collectively, “
Europe
”).
Personal data.
Except as otherwise specified, references to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy are equivalent to “personal data” governed by European data protection legislation.
Controller.
The controller of your personal data covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of European data protection legislation is Fashion Nova, Inc., 2801 East 46th Street, Vernon, CA 90058.
Legal bases for processing.
The legal bases of our processing of your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the type of personal data and the specific context in which we process it. However, the legal bases we typically rely on are set out in the table below. We rely on our legitimate interests as our legal basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law).
Processing purpose
Legal basis
Service delivery
Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our operation of the Service or the provision of the Service, or to take steps that you request prior to engaging our services. Where we cannot process your personal data as required to operate the Service on the grounds of contractual necessity, we process your personal data for this purpose based on our legitimate interest in providing you with the products or services you access and request.
Marketing
Interest-based advertising
Processing is based on your consent where that consent is required by applicable law.
Where such consent is not required by applicable law, we process your personal data for these purposes based on our legitimate interests in promoting our business, and showing you tailored relevant content.
For research and development
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety
These activities constitute our legitimate interests.
To comply with laws and regulations
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
With your consent
Processing is based on your consent. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consent or in the Service.
Use for new purposes.
We may use your personal data for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy where permitted by law and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis.
Sensitive personal data.
Unless we specifically request it, we ask that you not provide us with any sensitive personal data (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Service, or otherwise to us.
Retention.
We retain personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish or defend legal claims, or for fraud prevention purposes. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Your rights.
European data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal data. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal data that we hold:
Access.
Provide you with information about our processing of your personal data and give you access to your personal data.
Correct.
Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Delete.
Delete your personal data.
Transfer.
Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal data to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict.
Restrict the processing of your personal data.
Object.
Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal data that impacts your rights.
To exercise any of these rights, please follow the instructions for data subject requests in the
Your Privacy Choices
section above. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal data or our response to your requests regarding your personal data, you may
Contact Us
or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator
here.
Cross-Border Data Transfer.
If we transfer your personal data out of Europe to a country outside of Europe such that we are required to apply additional safeguards to your personal data under European data protection laws, we will do so.
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains how Fashion Nova uses cookies and similar technologies in connection with the Service. By using the Service, you are consenting to us transmitting information as set out in this Privacy Policy through cookies and similar technologies to third parties.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your browser when you visit a website, open or click on an email, or interact with an advertisement. Cookies serve different purposes, like helping us understand how a site is being used, letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, personalizing your browsing experience, preventing fraud and helping secure the website, performing measurement and analytics, and providing advertising.
Our Service may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your device until they expire on a set expiration date or you delete them). We use two broad categories of cookies: (1) first party cookies, served directly by us to your device; and (2) third party cookies, which are served by service providers and third parties we work with.
What are pixels?
Pixels (also known as web beacons) are code embedded within a service. There are various types of pixels, including image pixels (which are one-pixel transparent images) and JavaScript pixels (which contain JavaScript code). Pixels are often associated with cookies and provide similar functionality. When you access a service that contains a pixel, the pixel may permit us or a third party to drop or read cookies on your browser, or collect other information about your browser or device.
What types of cookies and pixels does Fashion Nova use?
Our Service incorporates cookies and pixels for the purposes described in the table below.
Strictly necessary.
These cookies and pixels are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies and related pixels, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Performance.
These cookies and pixels allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site and understand analytics. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. In some instances, we may use them to generate visual representations of visitor activity (called heat maps).
Functional.
These cookies and pixels enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies and pixels then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Advertising.
These cookies and pixels may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on our site and other sites. They also may be used to prompt you with messaging such as cart abandonment messages. If you do not allow these cookies and pixels, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Social media.
These cookies and pixels are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these services.
App-technologies
We use technologies included in our apps that are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings. These technologies provide similar functionality to cookies and pixels. For example, our apps may include Software Development Kits (SDKs), which are pieces of code provided by third parties to collect information about your browser or device. SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly via our apps.
Precise location technologies
With your consent, we may get access to the precise location technologies on your device (such as GPS or Bluetooth) and collect precise location data from your browser or device. Precise location data may be used for purposes such as verifying your device’s location and delivering or restricting relevant content and advertising based on that location.
For details on your choices with respect to cookies and similar technologies, including for analytics and targeted advertising, please see the
Your Privacy Choices
section.