Back to Top
START
(current)
FUNKCJE
SCREENSHOTY
POBIERZ
POLITYKA PRYWATNOŚCI
PRIVACY POLICY (EN)
KONTAKT
Start
Privacy Policy
Last update: September 13, 2020
Introduction
Please read Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear
                understanding of how information about you is collected, used,
                disclosed, and protected. By using Wojciech Kulik’s services,
                you consent to the collection and use of your data as described
                in this Privacy Policy.
When This Privacy Policy Applies?
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected when you
                use websites, desktop applications, mobile applications, and
                other products and services (collectively, the “Services”)
                created and provided by Wojciech Kulik, or when you otherwise
                contact with him.
How Is Privacy Policy Updated?
From time to time, this Privacy Policy may be updated. Due to
                the fact that only necessary personal information is collected,
                it might not be possible to inform you about changes in this
                Privacy Policy. Therefore, I encourage you to review this
                Privacy Policy whenever you use Services.
What Information Is Collected When You Use Services?
Most of the collected information is anonymized, not allowing
                your identification. Personal data is collected only when
                necessary, such as an email address when creating an account.
Information Provided by User
Services collect the information you provide, such as when you
                create an account, update your profile, or use the interactive
                features. The types of information which may be collected
                include:
Basic user information, such as your name, username, email
                    address, and profile pictures;
Reviews, photos, and information you provide in connection
                    with interactive activities;
Interactions between you and other users, such as reviews
                    and likes.
Information Collected Automatically
When you access or use Services, they may also automatically
                collect information about you, including:
Device Information:
such as location, IP
                    address, operation system, device model, system language,
                    etc.
Logs:
crash reports and log information
                    about how you access or use Services, including your access
                    times, Internet Service Provider, Internet Protocol (“IP”)
                    address, interactions with components.
Information Collected by Cookies:
Services
                    may automatically collect information using cookies, web
                    beacons, and other tracking technologies to, among other
                    things, monitor user activity, count visits, understand
                    usage and campaign effectiveness.
Information Collected from Other Services
We may also obtain information from other sources and services,
                and combine that with information we collect through our
                Services.
For example, if you create or log into your account through a
                third-party social networking site, we will have access to
                certain information from that site, such as your name, profile
                picture, connections, and other account information in
                accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such
                third-party social networking site.
Some of this information may be shared with other users using
                our Services, for example, your reviews will be visible to
                others.
How Do We Store Your Personal Information?
Your information is stored on secure encrypted servers provided
                by trusted and well-known providers. We make an effort to ensure
                your personal information is safe, that’s why we choose only
                trusted providers and solutions, meeting the highest safety
                standards.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use information about you for purposes described in this
                Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you on or in connection
                with Services. For example, we may use information about you to:
Operate and improve our Services;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and
                    support and administrative messages;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in
                    connection with our Services;
Personalize the Services, which may include providing
                    content, advertisements, or features that match user
                    profiles or interests;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards; and
Link or combine with other information we get from third
                    parties to help understand your needs and provide you with
                    better service.
Location data is used only for statistical and advertising
                purposes (e.g. to determine in which cities a specific Service
                has most users). Such analysis is performed based on your IP
                address and does not require storing your exact location or your
                routes.
How Do We Share Your Personal Information?
Transfers of Your Personal Information Abroad
We may store and process personal information in Poland and
                other countries, where under local laws you may have fewer legal
                rights. However, wherever we store your information we will
                treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your exact location might be used only when you give us such
                permission, and only to provide specific functionality, such as
                displaying the closest places to your location. Usually, your
                location will be processed only locally on your device.
Sharing of Information
We will not share information about you with outside parties
                except as described below or elsewhere in this Privacy Policy:
With your consent, including if we notify you through our
                    Services that the information you provide will be shared in
                    a particular manner and you subsequently agree to provide
                    such information;
With others who access or use our Services in accordance
                    with the privacy settings you establish;
With search engines in order to index the content you
                    provide as part of a discussion forum or public profile;
With analytical services, such as Google Analytics or
                    Firebase, in order to monitor and improve the quality of
                    Service;
With cloud services, such as AWS (Amazon) or Microsoft
                    Azure, in order to operate and ensure features of our
                    Services;
With advertising services, such as Google AdMob, in order to
                    maintain Services free of charge;
With social services, such as Google or Facebook, in order
                    to provide social and authentication features;
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to
                    comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or
                    governmental request, including to meet national security or
                    law enforcement requirements; and
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which
                cannot reasonably be used to identify you. However, they might
                be used to combine your activity with other external services
                and to present personalized content, including personalized ads.
Third-Party Providers
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third
                party products or services as part of our Services. These third
                parties may have separate and independent privacy policies. We,
                therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the
                activities of these third parties and how they collect, use, or
                share information about you. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the
                integrity of our Services and welcome any feedback about these
                third parties.
Link to the privacy policy of third party service providers used
                by Services:
Microsoft
AWS Amazon
Google
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Fabric
How Long Do We Store Your Personal Information?
Information provided by users will be stored until deleted
                    or until Service is discontinued;
Analytical and statistical information will be stored in
                    accordance with the privacy policies of external providers;
A record of correspondence will be kept until requested
                    otherwise or until it is deleted by us.
How You Can Access Your Personal Information?
Account Information
You may update or correct information about you or delete your
                account at any time by logging into your account and editing
                your profile.
Location Information
You have the ability to turn location-based services on and off
                by adjusting the settings of your Internet browser or mobile
                device and by following the standard uninstall process and
                removing Services from your device. Doing so, however, may mean
                that you cannot use all or a portion of our Services.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. However,
                you can choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser
                cookies. Each browser is a little different, so look at your
                browser’s help menu to learn the correct way to modify your
                cookies, or visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
. Please note, however, that our Services may not function
                properly if your browser does not accept cookies.
Your Rights
At any time you can contact us in order to update, access, or
                delete your personal information from Services. Each request
                will be processed within 30 days.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please
                contact us via email:
BACK
Start
Privacy Policy
Autor: Copyright © 2020-2024
Wojciech Kulik
| Website
              Design: Copyright © 2020
Inovatik
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://smog-polska.pl/privacy-policy.html:
Back to Top
START
(current)
FUNKCJE
SCREENSHOTY
POBIERZ
POLITYKA PRYWATNOŚCI
PRIVACY POLICY (EN)
KONTAKT
Start
Polityka Prywatności
Data aktualizacji: 13 września, 2020
Wprowadzenie
Przeczytaj Politykę Prywatności uważnie, aby zrozumieć, w jaki
                sposób Twoje dane są zbierane, używane, udostępniane oraz
                chronione. Używając usług Wojciecha Kulika, zgadzasz się na
                zbieranie oraz przetwarzanie Twoich danych, zgodnie z opisaną
                tutaj Polityką Prywatności.
Czego dotyczy ta Polityka Prywatności?
Niniejsza Polityka Prywatności odnosi się do informacji, które
                zbierane są, gdy używasz stron, aplikacji komputerowych,
                aplikacji mobilnych oraz innych produktów i usług (łącznie
                zwanych dalej "Usługami") stworzonych i dostarczanych przez
                Wojciecha Kulika, a także, podczas nawiązywania wszelkiego
                kontaktu oraz prowadzenia korespondencji.
Aktualizacje Polityki Prywatności
Od czasu do czasu niniejsza Polityka Prywatności może być
                aktualizowana. W związku z tym, że zbierane są tylko konieczne
                dane personalne, w większości przypadków nie ma możliwości
                powiadomienia Cię o zmianach, dlatego powinno się tutaj zaglądać
                zawsze podczas korzystania z Usług.
Jakie dane personalne są zbierane?
Większość danych jakie są zbierane to dane zanonimizowane,
                niepozwalające na identyfikację. Dane personalne są zbierane
                jedynie, gdy jest to konieczne, jak np. adres email podczas
                zakładania konta czy wysłane przez Ciebie treści.
Dane wprowadzane przez użytkownika
Zbierane są dane, które dostarczasz np. podczas zakładania
                konta, aktualizacji profilu lub używania interaktywnych
                funkcjonalności. Są to m.in.:
Podstawowe dane użytkownika jak np. imię, nazwa użytkownika,
                    adres email, zdjęcia profilowe;
Recenzje, zdjęcia oraz dane, które dostarczasz podczas
                    używania interaktywnych funkcji;
Interakcje z użytkownikami jak np. ocena komentarza innego
                    użytkownika.
Dane zbierane automatycznie
Niektóre dane zbierane są automatycznie w celu poprawy jakości
                Usług.
Dane o urządzeniu:
m.in. lokalizacja, adres
                    IP, model Twojego urządzenia, wersja systemu operacyjnego
                    oraz język;
Logi
: zbierane są informacje o awariach
                    aplikacji oraz logi z tego, w jaki sposób używasz Usług. Są
                    to m.in. informacje o czasie, w którym używasz Usług, język,
                    interakcje z poszczególnymi komponentami;
Dane pozyskane przez ciasteczka:
Usługi
                    mogą korzystać z ciasteczek, web beacons lub innych
                    technologi w celu obserwowania aktywności użytkowników,
                    zliczania liczby wizyt, poprawy doświadczeń z Usługami oraz
                    analizowania skuteczności kampanii reklamowych.
Dane zbierane z innych usług
Dane mogą być pozyskiwane również z innych źródeł i łączone z
                danymi, które zbieramy w Usługach. Przykładowo, gdy logujesz się
                lub zakładasz konto korzystając z mediów społecznościowych,
                uzyskamy za Twoją zgodą, dostęp do niektórych informacji o Tobie
                jak np. imię i nazwisko, zdjęcie profilowe, relacje z innymi
                użytkownikami itp.
Niektóre z tych informacji mogą być udostępniane innym
                użytkownikom, np. Twoje recenzje opublikowane w aplikacji będą
                również widoczne przez innych użytkowników.
W jaki sposób przechowywane są Twoje dane?
Twoje dane przechowywane są na szyfrowanych serwerach
                sprawdzonych i zaufanych dostawców. Dokładamy starań, aby Twoje
                dane były bezpieczne, dlatego wybieramy tylko największych i
                zaufanych usługodawców spełniających najwyższe wymogi
                bezpieczeństwa.
W jakim celu wykorzystywane są Twoje dane?
Twoje dane mogą być wykorzystywane w celach opisanych w tej
                Polityce Prywatności oraz m.in. w celu:
Dostarczania oraz poprawy jakości Usług;
Zapewnienia wsparcia, wysyłania powiadomień oraz ostrzeżeń;
Monitorowania, analizy trendów oraz awarii, badania sposobu
                    oraz częstotliwości użytkowania;
Personalizacji Usług, w tym dostarczania treści oraz reklam
                    odpowiadających profilowi, oraz zainteresowaniom
                    użytkownika.
Dane lokalizacyjne wykorzystywane są tylko w celach
                statystycznych oraz reklamowych (np. do określenia, w których
                miastach jest najwięcej odbiorców danej Usługi). Taka analiza
                odbywa się na podstawie Twojego adresu IP i nie wiąże się z
                przechowywaniem informacji o Twoim dokładnym położeniu lub
                zapisie trasy. Twoja dokładna lokalizacja jest wykorzystywana
                jedynie, jeżeli wyrazisz na to zgodę i tylko w celu zapewnienia
                danej funkcjonalności (np. wyświetlenia najbliższej stacji
                smogowej). Dokładna lokalizacja nie jest przechowywana na
                serwerach, zazwyczaj jest ona wykorzystywana tylko lokalnie na
                Twoim urządzeniu.
W jaki sposób udostępniane są Twoje dane?
Transfer danych za granicę
Twoje dane mogą być przechowywane oraz przetwarzane w krajach, w
                których możesz mieć mniejsze prawa. Niezależnie od ich
                lokalizacji, będziemy je traktować zgodnie z ustaleniami tej
                Polityki Prywatności.
Udostępnianie danych
Twoje dane nie będą udostępnianie zewnętrznym podmiotom,
                wyłączając wymienione poniżej lub w innym miejscu tej Polityki
                Prywatności:
Silniki wyszukiwarek, w celu indeksowania treści, które
                    dostarczasz jako część dyskusji w funkcjonalnościach typu
                    forum, komentarze, publiczny profil itp.;
Usługi analityczne jak np. Google Analytics lub Firebase, w
                    celu monitorowania i poprawy jakości Usług;
Usługi serwerowe jak np. AWS (Amazon) lub Microsoft Azure,
                    konieczne w celu zapewnienia działania Usług;
Usługi reklamowe jak np. Google AdMob, konieczne w celu
                    utrzymania darmowych Usług;
Usługi społecznościowe jak np. Facebook, Google, konieczne w
                    celu zapewnienia funkcji społecznościowych oraz
                    autoryzacyjnych;
Inni dostawcy, jeżeli zostaniesz o tym powiadomiony podczas
                    korzystania z Usługi i wyrazisz na to zgodę;
Inni użytkownicy, zgodnie z podjętymi przez Ciebie decyzjami
                    i ustawieniami;
Organy ścigania, jeżeli uznamy, że ujawnienie ich jest
                    konieczne, aby spełnić obowiązek prawny.
Twoje dane mogą być również udostępniane jako zagregowane lub
                zanonimizowane informacje, które w rozsądny sposób nie mogą być
                użyte, aby Cię zidentyfikować. Jednak mogą zostać użyte w celu
                powiązania Twojej aktywności z innymi usługami i wyświetlania na
                tej podstawie np. personalizowanych treści reklamowych.
Zewnętrzni dostawcy usług
Nasze Usługi korzystają również z niektórych usług niezależnych
                dostawców w celach wymienionych w tej Polityce Prywatności.
                Niezależni dostawcy mogą posiadać własne, niezwiązane polityki
                prywatności. Zatem nie ponosimy odpowiedzialności ani zobowiązań
                za działania tych dostawców związane z przetwarzaniem oraz
                zarządzaniem Twoimi danymi. Mimo wszystko podejmowane są
                starania w celach ochrony Twoich danych, a usługodawcy są
                starannie selekcjonowani.
Odnośniki do niektórych polityk prywatności wykorzystywanych
                usług:
Microsoft
AWS Amazon
Google
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Fabric
Jak długo przechowywane są Twoje dane?
Dane wprowadzone przez użytkownika będą przechowywane do
                    czasu ich skasowania lub wycofania danej Usługi;
Dane analityczne oraz statystyczne będą przechowywane
                    zgodnie z politykami zewnętrznych dostawców;
Zapis korespondencji będzie przechowywany do czasu
                    zgłoszenia takiej prośby lub wcześniejszego usunięcia.
W jaki sposób możesz uzyskać dostęp do swoich danych?
Dane profilowe
Aktualizacja lub usunięcie danych profilowych jest możliwe
                poprzez Usługę, w której zostały wprowadzone.
Dane lokalizacyjne
Usługi lokalizacyjne można wyłączyć w przeglądarce internetowej
                lub systemie operacyjnym. W przypadku gdy nie jest to możliwe,
                możesz odinstalować Usługi ze swoich urządzeń.
Cookies
Większość przeglądarek internetowych akceptuje cookies
                (ciasteczka) domyślnie. Jednakże możesz zmienić to ustawienie.
                Bardziej szczegółowe informacje znajdziesz tutaj:
www.allaboutcookies.org
. Zwróć jednak uwagę, że niektóre Usługi mogą nie działać
                prawidłowo, jeżeli wyłączysz ciasteczka.
Twoje prawa
W każdej chwili możesz skontaktować się w celu aktualizacji,
                dostępu lub usunięcia swoich danych osobowych z Usług.
                Zgłoszenie będzie realizowane w ciągu 30 dni.
Kontakt
W przypadku jakichkolwiek wątpliwości lub pytań możesz
                skontaktować się ze mną pod adresem:
POWRÓT
Start
Polityka Prywatności
Autor: Copyright © 2020-2024
Wojciech Kulik
| Website
              Design: Copyright © 2020
Inovatik