Privacy Policy
The King's Cup App ('Service') is provided and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform you regarding policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the Service.
If you choose to use the Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in the App's Terms of Use, which are accessible from within the App, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using the Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your device's Advertising ID or similar, and information about particular events or patterns of use within the App.
The App uses third party services that may collect information used to identify you:
Firebase Analytics
Whenever you use the Service, in a case of an error in the App, we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilising the Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
IWemay employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties may have access to your Personal Information to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting your information. However, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Updated January 2019.