Privacy policy
Data Controller
Who is the Data Controller of your data?
Holder:
MERCADONA, S.A. (hereinafter, “MERCADONA”)
Company tax code:
A-46.103.834
Registered address:
Calle Alfonso Roig Alfonso, no number. Albalat dels Sorells (46135 - Valencia)
Public Registry:
Registered in the Valencia Mercantile Register, in volume 3073, general 389 of General Section of the Book of Companies, sheet 170, Page V-5581
Contact number:
+34 800 500 220
Data Protection Officer (hereinafter, "DPO"):
Email:
dpo@mercadona.es
Web:
https://info.mercadona.es
Telephone: 800 500 220
Purpose of the Data Processing and Data Categories Processed
What data categories do we process?
MERCADONA processes the following data categories:
Identification data: name, surname, address, email, telephone.
Traffic and location data.
Electronic communication metadata.
Commercial information data.
Economic, financial or bank data.
User identification codes or passwords.
Traffic and location data (IPs).
The personal data requested are mandatory. If you don't provide them, the hired services cannot be delivered.
If the user provides third-party data, the user states they have consent from the third party and commits to sharing the information in this clause, waiving any responsibility from MERCADONA in this sense. However, MERCADONA may verify this fact, adopting the appropriate due diligence measures, pursuant to the data protection regulations.
MERCADONA reserves the right to carry out any necessary corporate checks and verifications at any time in order to guarantee the accuracy of the data provided, thereby preventing any possible duplications and/or errors in the information submitted by the Customer, thus guaranteeing the requested service as well as providing both parties with greater legal certainty.
The data required during the registration and shopping procedures are necessary to fulfil the legal or contractual purpose established. Therefore, if the user does not provide this data, it will not be possible to register them in the Platform or answer their request.
With what purpose and for how long will we process your personal data?
MERCADONA will process user data manually and/or automatically for the following purposes:
Manage their registration as users of the online platform owned by MERCADONA (
https://tienda.mercadona.es/
,  hereinafter, the “Platform”). However, in all circumstances, the user must verify and validate their registration in the Platform by introducing their user name and password, giving consent.
Manage the contracting of products and/or services done through the Platform, as well as the corresponding invoicing and delivery.
Create anonymous statistical reports regarding access habits and the activities carried out by the users on the Platform.
Create a commercial user profile and carry out business actions that adjust to it, using the data processed from product purchases (browsing data, access habits, traffic), unless otherwise stated or when the user opposes or revokes their consent.
Only in the case in which the user has ticked the corresponding box may MERCADONA create a commercial profile using the information provided by third parties, which will enable them to provide products and services in line with the customers’ interests, as well as improving the user experience, making it possible to make automated decisions based on the user's personal preferences, interests, reliability or behaviour, purchased products, etc. Pursuant to this, MERCADONA may send specific offers and commercial communications which fit the user's profile. The user may oppose or revoke their consent at any time.
Comply with the legally established regulations, as well as verify compliance with contractual obligations, including fraud prevention.
To send periodically (by email, post and/or SMS) electronic notices with offers, promotions and news related to our online Platform, unless otherwise stated or when the user opposes or revokes their consent.
To send regular commercial and/or promotional information related to the industry of the products and services hired through the Platform, with added value for the final users, unless otherwise stated or when the user opposes or revokes their consent.
How long do we store your data?
MERCADONA will retain the user's personal data only during the time necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was gathered, as long as the given consent is not revoked. Subsequently, if necessary, the information will remain locked for the legally established periods.
What security measures do we have in place to secure your data?
MERCADONA will carry out the necessary technical security measures to protect the different types of data as contained in this privacy policy to avoid loss, manipulation, disclosure or alteration. These measures may involve, among others:
Encryption of the communication between the user's device and Mercadona's servers
Encryption of the information on Mercadona's servers
Other measures that avoid third-party access to user data
In those cases in which Mercadona has service providers or suppliers that are located outside of the European Union, the international transfers carried out with them are fully guaranteed according to the rules established in the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, and the criteria of the Spanish Data Protection Agency.
Legal standing
What is the legal standing for processing your data?
The legal standing for MERCADONA to process user data in order to register the user on the Platform is in the stakeholder's consent, requested in each case.
Additionally, the handling of the product and service hiring through the Platform, as well as the appropriate payment, invoicing and deliveries, is legitimised by the execution of the contract itself.
For services provided directly by MERCADONA or through its suppliers, the processing will be performed based on the execution of the contract itself. In this respect, the data which is processed by suppliers will not be considered as the communication or transfer of data, except in the legally established cases.
The processing of data to send electronic newsletters with offers, promotions and news related to our Platform, commercial and/or promotional information, the creation of anonymous statistical reports regarding access habits and activities of the users on the website, and the creation of commercial profiles using data from handling the products and services hired with MERCADONA, are based on the legitimate interest of MERCADONA of carrying out such processing pursuant to current legislation.
The consents obtained for the mentioned purposes are independent; therefore, the user may revoke one or several of them without affecting the rest.
Furthermore, the user information may be used to comply with MERCADONA's legal requirements.
Data Communications
Who will receive your data?
Spanish law enforcement agents pursuant to provisions in legislation.
Banks and financial entities for the payment of the offered services.
Other data processed by Mercadona
Within MERCADONA’s commitment to personal data protection and privacy, we inform you of other data processing that may be performed in the framework of our customer relationships, in particular with regards to our customer service lines.
In this regard, MERCADONA will process your data in order to improve the quality of its services and in order to handle the submitted request, and where applicable, to provide you with the services which have been requested. If you wish, you can contact us on the telephone numbers provided for said purpose. The legal basis for the processing of said data will be to adopt pre-contractual measures or to develop the contractual relationship itself, as well as, in some cases, your own consent.
The processing of data from recorded calls is based on MERCADONA’s legitimate interests and, specifically, on its need to monitor and improve the telephone service provided. Data processing to handle your requests.
One of the services that we provide you is the chat to help on our web page, to facilitate you with the answers you require. Through this chat you have the opportunity to consult us before you shop on our Platform. In case that you are not identified in the Platform, all the process of chat it is completely anonymous, without showing your name or other personal data. In order to constantly improve the quality of this service, MERCADONA registers these records for analysis and improvement, in a totally confidential way.
User Rights
What rights do the stakeholders have?
You may send us a letter to MERCADONA, S.A. (Legal Counselling Processes), Calle Alfonso Roig Alfonso, no number. Albalat dels Sorells (Valencia), C.P. 46135 (hereinafter, the “Address”) or, if you have the digital signature issued by the Fábrica Nacional de Moneda y Timbre, through the customer service form (
https://info.mercadona.es/en/customer-service/contact-form
). At any time and free of cost, the following rights:
Revoke given consent.
Obtain confirmation regarding if MERCADONA is processing your personal data or not.
Access your personal information.
Rectify incorrect or incomplete information.
Request the elimination of your data when, among other reasons, it is no longer needed for the purposes it was gathered.
Have MERCADONA limit the processing of your data when one of the conditions foreseen in the data protection legislation is met.
In specific circumstances and due to reasons related to your specific data processing situation, the stakeholders may oppose the processing of their data. MERCADONA will stop processing the data, except for critical legal reasons, or when exercising or defending potential claims.
Receive human intervention, express your view point and contest automated or adopted decisions by MERCADONA, if applicable.
Request the transfer of your information.
Present a claim before the Spanish Data Protection Agency (
www.aepd.es
) when the stakeholder considers that MERCADONA has violated the rights that are recognised by the applicable data protection legislation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the stakeholder may contact MERCADONA's Data Protection Officer.
Last update: 07 March 2025
Copyright © MERCADONA S.A. All rights reserved.
Changes to the Terms and conditions:
21-05-2018
25-09-2020
07-03-2025