PopPic Home
Privacy Policy
Effective: August 11, 2021
At PopPic, we value your privacy. We’ve written this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use, and handle personal information.
In this Privacy Policy, when we say “we”, “us”, or “our”, we’re referring to PopPic 3D LLC. We operate this website and related applications, which we’ll refer to collectively as our “services.”
The short version
We collect your information only with your consent; we only collect the minimum amount of personal information that is necessary to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with us; we don't sell it to third parties; and we only use it as this Privacy Policy describes.
Please read on for more details!
Information we collect and why
Information from browsers and mobile devices
When you visit our website or use our mobile applications, we automatically collect the same basic
information that most websites do. We use common internet technologies, such as cookies and web
server logs. We collect this from everybody, whether they have an account or not.
The information we collect about visitors to our website or users includes the visitor’s browser
type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each request. Similarly, the
information we collect about users of our mobile applications includes the user’s device type,
operating system version, language preference, and the date and time of each request.
We also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
We collect this information to better understand how our services are used, and to monitor and protect the security of our services.
Information from your communications with us
If you contact customer support, send feedback via our mobile applications, or sign up for one of
  our mailing lists we may collect information including your name and email address.
We collect this information to communicate with you and to resolve your support request or
  any issues that you raised in your feedback.
Information from users with accounts
Creating an account is optional, but if you choose to do so, we require some basic information at the time of account creation. You will create your own user name and password, and we will ask you for a valid email address. You also have the option to give us more information if you want to, and this may include “User Personal Information.”
“User Personal Information” is any information about one of our users which could, alone or together with other information, personally identify him or her. Information such as a user name and password, an email address, a real name, and a photograph are examples of “User Personal Information.”
User Personal Information does not include aggregated, non-personally identifying information. We may use aggregated, non-personally identifying information to operate, improve, and optimize our website and service.
We collect this information to:
Create your account, and to provide the services you request.
Fill out your user profile and share that profile with other users if you ask us to.
Communicate with you, if you’ve said that’s okay, and only for the reasons you’ve said that’s okay.
If you’re a child under the age of 13, you may not have a PopPic account. We do not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our content specifically to children under 13.
How we share information we collect
We do not sell or rent User Personal Information to third parties. We do not disclose User Personal Information outside PopPic, except in the situations listed in this section.
We may share User Personal Information with your permission, so we can perform services you have requested. For example, if you ask us to post a photo to a social media service, we will share the information required to do so with that service.
We may share certain aggregated, non-personally identifying information with others about how our users, collectively, use our services.
We may share User Personal Information with a limited number of third-party vendors who process it on our behalf to provide or improve our services.
We may disclose User Personal Information to law enforcement in response to a valid subpoena, court order, warrant, or similar government order, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property or rights, or those of third parties or the public at large.
We may share User Personal Information if we are involved in a merger, sale, or acquisition. If any such change of ownership happens, we will ensure that it is under terms that preserve the confidentiality of User Personal Information, and we will notify you on our website or by email before any transfer of your User Personal Information. The organization receiving any User Personal Information will have to honor any promises we have made in our Privacy Policy.
Our use of cookies and tracking
Cookies
PopPic uses cookies to make interactions with our service easy and meaningful. We use cookies (and similar technologies) to keep you logged in, remember your preferences, and provide information for future development of our services.
A cookie is a small piece of text that our web server stores on your computer or mobile device which is sent back to us when you return to our site. The cookies we set are essential for the operation of the website, or are used for performance or functionality. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your computer or device.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics (and related Google services such as Crashlytics) as a third party  service, but we don’t use it to track you individually or collect User Personal Information. We use Google Analytics to collect information about how our services perform, how our users use our services, and to detect when our mobile applications crash or encounter other serious errors. This helps us find and fix bugs in our mobile applications and generally improve our services.
Google Analytics gathers certain simple, non-personally identifying information over time, such as your IP address, browser type, mobile device type, referring and exit pages, time stamp, and similar data about your use of our services. We do not link this information to any of your personal information such as your user name.
PopPic will not, nor will we allow any third party to, use the Google Analytics tool to track our users individually; collect any User Personal Information other than IP address; or correlate your IP address with your identity.
How we secure your information
PopPic takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect User Personal Information from unauthorized access, alteration, or destruction; maintain data accuracy; and help ensure the appropriate use of User Personal Information. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Please note that no method of transmission, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Retention and Deletion
PopPic will retain User Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
We may retain certain User Personal Information indefinitely, unless you delete it or request its deletion. For example, we don’t automatically delete inactive user accounts, so unless you choose to delete your account, we will retain your account information indefinitely.
If you would like to cancel your account or delete your User Personal Information, you may do so in your user profile. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, but barring legal requirements, we will delete your full profile (within reason) within 30 days.
How we communicate with you
We will use your email address to communicate with you, if you've said that's okay, and only for the reasons you’ve said that’s okay.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
PopPic may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will provide notification to Users of material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on our website.
Contacting Us
If you have concerns about our Privacy Policy or about the way we are handling your User Personal Information, please let us know by emailing us at
support@poppic.cam
.