Warranty
Celestron offers
2-Year
or
Limited Lifetime
Warranty on almost all its products. To determine which warranty applies, if any, see the product’s page on the Celestron website.
These warranties are effective January 1, 2022, and supersede all other warranties noted in brochures, instruction manuals, product packaging, etc.
Read on to learn about the terms and conditions of each warranty.
TWO-YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS, WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. THE LIMITED WARRANTY CAN ALSO BE FOUND ONLINE AT WWW.CELESTRON.COM/PAGES/WARRANTY.
CELESTRON WARRANTS YOUR PRODUCT TO BE FREE FROM DEFECTS IN MATERIALS AND WORKMANSHIP FOR TWO YEARS FROM THE DATE OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE. CELESTRON WILL REPAIR OR REPLACE PRODUCTS OR PARTS THEREOF WHICH, UPON INSPECTION BY CELESTRON, ARE FOUND TO BE DEFECTIVE IN MATERIALS OR WORKMANSHIP.
CELESTRON LIMITS THE DURATION AND REMEDIES OF ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE TO THE DURATION OF THIS EXPRESS LIMITED WARRANTY.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR DEFECTIVE GOODS IS LIMITED TO REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS DESCRIBED BELOW IN THIS WARRANTY STATEMENT.
WHO MAY USE THIS WARRANTY?
Celestron extends this limited warranty only to the consumer who originally purchased the product as new (“
you
”). It does not extend to any subsequent owner or other transferee of the product. This warranty only applies to new products.
WHAT DOES THIS WARRANTY COVER?
This limited warranty covers defects in materials and workmanship product for the Warranty Period as defined below.
WHAT DOES THIS WARRANTY NOT COVER?
This warranty shall be void and of no force or effect if a covered product has been modified in design or function or subjected to abuse, misuse, physical damage, or mishandling. It does not cover products that have undergone unauthorized repairs or alterations. This warranty does not cover components that have been removed or modified. Further, this warranty does not cover product malfunction, deterioration, or defects due to normal wear and tear or other actions or events beyond our reasonable control. This warranty does not apply to used products.
This warranty is only valid to customers in the U.S.A. and Canada who purchased their product from an
Authorized Celestron Dealer
in the U.S.A. or Canada.
Products purchased from unauthorized dealers or resellers are not covered under this warranty.
Warranty outside the U.S.A. and Canada is valid only to customers who purchased from a
Celestron International Distributor or Authorized Celestron Dealer
in that specific country. International customers should contact the dealer or distributor they purchased from for warranty service.
WHAT IS THE PERIOD OF COVERAGE?
This limited warranty starts on the date of your purchase and lasts for two years (the “
Warranty Period
”). The Warranty Period is not extended if we repair or replace the product. We may change the availability of this limited warranty at our discretion, but any changes will not be retroactive.
WHAT ARE YOUR REMEDIES UNDER THIS WARRANTY?
Celestron shall use reasonable efforts to repair or replace any product covered by this warranty within 30 days of receipt. If repair or replacement requires more than 30 days, Celestron shall notify the customer within a reasonable time period. Celestron reserves the right to replace any product discontinued from its product line with a new product of comparable value and function. Parts or products for which replacement is made shall become the property of Celestron. Celestron does not issue refunds but only repair or replacement.
The customer shall be responsible for all costs of transportation and insurance, both to and from Celestron, and shall be required to prepay such costs.
HOW DO YOU OBTAIN WARRANTY SERVICE?
As a condition to the obligation of Celestron to repair or replace such product, the product must be returned to Celestron together with proof-of-purchase satisfactory to Celestron.
You must obtain a valid Return Authorization (RMA) Number from Celestron before return.
Contact Celestron using the contact information below to receive an RMA number and display it on the outside of your shipping container. All returns must be accompanied by a written statement setting forth the owner’s name, address, daytime telephone number, and a brief description of any claimed defects.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE REMEDIES DESCRIBED ABOVE ARE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AND OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. OUR LIABILITY SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEED THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE DEFECTIVE PRODUCT, NOR SHALL WE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
CELESTRON RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ANY MODEL OR STYLE OF PRODUCT WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE TO YOU.
Contacting Us for Warranty Service
If warranty problems arise, or if you need assistance in using your product, contact:
Celestron
Customer Service Department
2835 Columbia Street
Torrance, CA 90503
http://www.celestron.com/pages/technical-support
Call: 310-328-9560
Hours: Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time
Firmware and Software Security Update Period
In accordance with the requirements of The Product Security and Telecommunications Infrastructure (Security Requirements for Relevant Connectable Products) Regulations 2023 (U.K. 2023 No. 1007), Celestron declares the following regarding support for its products:
Hardware/Software Eligible for Support:
Celestron hardware that is capable of receiving security updates.
Software that is capable of receiving security updates that is pre-installed on a Celestron product when the product is supplied to a customer.
Software that is capable of receiving security updates that must be installed on the product for all Celestron’s intended purposes of the product that use that hardware.
Software that is pre-installed in a Celestron product when the product is supplied to a customer or software that is installable in that product.
LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTY
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS, WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. THE LIMITED WARRANTY CAN ALSO BE FOUND ONLINE AT WWW.CELESTRON.COM/PAGES/WARRANTY.
CELESTRON WARRANTS YOUR PRODUCT TO BE FREE FROM DEFECTS IN MATERIALS AND WORKMANSHIP FOR THE USEFUL LIFE OF THE PRODUCT FOR THE ORIGINAL OWNER. CELESTRON WILL REPAIR OR REPLACE PRODUCTS OR PARTS THEREOF WHICH, UPON INSPECTION BY CELESTRON, ARE FOUND TO BE DEFECTIVE IN MATERIALS OR WORKMANSHIP.
CELESTRON LIMITS THE DURATION AND REMEDIES OF ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE TO THE DURATION OF THIS EXPRESS LIMITED WARRANTY.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR DEFECTIVE GOODS IS LIMITED TO REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS DESCRIBED BELOW IN THIS WARRANTY STATEMENT
WHO MAY USE THIS WARRANTY?
Celestron extends this limited warranty only to the consumer who originally purchased the product as new (“
you
”). It does not extend to any subsequent owner or other transferee of the product. This warranty only applies to new products.
WHAT DOES THIS WARRANTY COVER?
This limited warranty covers defects in materials and workmanship product for the Warranty Period as defined below.
WHAT DOES THIS WARRANTY NOT COVER?
This warranty shall be void and of no force or effect if a covered product has been modified in design or function or subjected to abuse, misuse, physical damage, or mishandling. It does not cover products that have undergone unauthorized repairs or alterations. This warranty does not cover components that have been removed or modified. Further, this warranty does not cover product malfunction, deterioration, or defects due to normal wear and tear, subject to clarification regarding normal wear and tear below, or other actions or events beyond our reasonable control. This warranty does not apply to used products.
This warranty is only valid to customers in the U.S.A. and Canada who purchased their product from an
Authorized Celestron Dealer
in the U.S.A. or Canada.
Products purchased from unauthorized dealers or resellers are not covered under this warranty.
Warranty outside the U.S.A. and Canada is valid only to customers who purchased from a
Celestron International Distributor or Authorized Celestron Dealer
in that specific country. International customers should contact the dealer or distributor they purchased from for warranty service.
Limitations of Normal Wear and Tear
Product exteriors (rubber or other material) are fully covered for five years against defects in materials and workmanship, but small scratches or blemishes are not covered. Included accessories such as lens caps/covers, eyecups, cases/pouches, and straps are fully covered for two years against defects in materials and workmanship but are not covered for accidental loss. Over time, optical coatings may develop small blemishes through normal wear and tear or abuse under various environmental conditions. These are not covered, and the determination is at the sole discretion of Celestron.
Other Limitations Not Covered
The basic optical system is covered for the useful life of the product for the original owner. Collimation and optical alignment issues must be claimed within 30 days of purchase. Loss of the product or accessories is not covered.
WHAT IS THE PERIOD OF COVERAGE?
This limited warranty starts on the date of your purchase and lasts for the useful life of the product, subject to the limitations stated herein, for the original owner of the product (the “
Warranty Period
”). The Warranty Period is not extended if we repair or replace the product. We may change the availability of this limited warranty at our discretion, but any changes will not be retroactive.
WHAT ARE YOUR REMEDIES UNDER THIS WARRANTY?
Celestron shall use reasonable efforts to repair or replace any product covered by this warranty within 30 days of receipt. If repair or replacement requires more than 30 days, Celestron shall notify the customer. Celestron reserves the right to replace any product discontinued from its product line with a new product of comparable value and function. Parts or products for which replacement is made shall become the property of Celestron. Celestron does not issue refunds but only repair or replacement.
The customer shall be responsible for all costs of transportation and insurance, both to and from Celestron, and shall be required to prepay such costs.
HOW DO YOU OBTAIN WARRANTY SERVICE?
As a condition to the obligation of Celestron to repair or replace such product, the product must be returned to Celestron together with proof-of-purchase satisfactory to Celestron.
You must obtain a valid Return Authorization (RMA) Number from Celestron before return.
Contact Celestron using the contact information below to receive an RMA number and display it on the outside of your shipping container. All returns must be accompanied by a written statement setting forth the owner’s name, address, daytime telephone number, and a brief description of any claimed defects.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE REMEDIES DESCRIBED ABOVE ARE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AND OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. OUR LIABILITY SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEED THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE DEFECTIVE PRODUCT, NOR SHALL WE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
CELESTRON RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ANY MODEL OR STYLE OF PRODUCT WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE TO YOU.
Contacting Us for Warranty Service
If warranty problems arise, or if you need assistance in using your product, contact:
Celestron
Customer Service Department
2835 Columbia Street
Torrance, CA 90503
http://www.celestron.com/pages/technical-support
Call: 310-328-9560
Hours: Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time
PREVIOUS BINOCULAR/SPOTTING SCOPE WARRANTIES
From January 1, 2005, through December 31, 2011, Celestron offered a No-Fault Warranty on all binoculars and spotting scopes. For a charge of $25 for binoculars and $35 for spotting scopes, any binocular or spotting scope would be repaired or replaced with the same or similar product at the sole discretion of Celestron regardless of how the binoculars or spotting scope were damaged or rendered unusable. This warranty required that the customer must be the original owner, provide proof of purchase, and return the binoculars or spotting scope prepaid to Celestron.
From January 1, 2003, through December 31, 2004, Celestron offered a No-Fault Warranty on the Regal, Noble, and Ultima binocular lines. The details are the same as those for the No-Fault Warranty described above.
From January 1, 2000, through December 31, 2002, Celestron offered a Limited Lifetime Warranty on all binoculars and spotting scopes. The limitations at that time were similar to those described in the current Limited Lifetime Warranty.
Prior to 2000, Celestron offered a Limited Lifetime Warranty on specific models. Some models had other specific-year warranties, which have expired.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.celestron.com/pages/legal-and-privacy-notices:
Enable accessibility
Love Astronomy and Saving Money?
Sign up to receive sale alerts, news about upcoming celestial events, and telescope tips from our experts!
Email:
Sign Up
Please let us know what topics you are interested in.
Telescopes
Sport Optics
Microscopes
We process your personal data as stated in our
Privacy Policy
.
Please check the box to agree to receive email from us.
I agree
(required)
Legal and Privacy Notices
United States
United Kingdom
Legal & Privacy Notice - US
This Website (the “Website”) is provided by Celestron Acquisition, LLC (“Celestron”). This policy applies to both the
website
and our mobile apps -
SkyPortal
,
Starsense Explorer
, and
Origin
.
2835 Columbia St,
Torrance, CA 90503
(310) 328-9560
Celestron operates this Website to provide online access to information about Celestron’s products, services, and opportunities (the “Service”).  Your use of this Website is subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms”). Please read the Terms carefully before accessing this Website.  The Terms constitute a legally binding agreement that contains important information about our Website and your permitted use of it.  From time to time we may unilaterally modify the Terms in Celestron’s sole discretion.
Your use of this website constitutes your agreement to be bound by and comply with all of the terms. If you do not agree, please close this window now.
Use of Materials on This Site
You may use the Service, the Website, and the information, writings, images and/or other works that you see and hear on the Website (the “Content”) solely for non-commercial and personal purposes.  No right, title to or ownership interest in any Content is being transferred to you as a result of downloading such Content or otherwise.  Celestron reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in all Content.  Except as expressly authorized by these Terms, you may not use, alter, copy, distribute, transmit, or derive another work from any Content obtained from this Website or the Service.  In using this Website, you must respect the intellectual property rights of Celestron and others, as outlined below.  Your unauthorized use of Content may infringe copyright and trademark laws and violate other laws resulting in civil and criminal liability.
Copyrights
This Website and the Content are protected by U.S. copyright laws and international copyright treaties.  The Website and the Content are owned by Celestron or used with permission.  Celestron disclaims any representation or warranty that your unauthorized use of Content will not infringe upon rights of third parties.
Except as set forth in these Terms or in the text of this Website, you may not reproduce, distribute, publish, transmit, modify, adapt, translate, display, distribute, sell, license, publicly perform, prepare derivative works based upon, or otherwise use or exploit the Content.  You may download one copy of the Content in temporary storage on one personal computer for your personal, non-commercial viewing and use only, provided that you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices.  The foregoing limited right does not give you any ownership of any Content. Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained in these Terms may be construed as conferring any right to use or display any Content in any form.
Celestron respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been infringed by means of an improper posting or distribution via this Website, please contact the webmaster at
webmaster@celestron.com
.
Trademarks
Celestron and its authorized agents own the trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on this Website (collectively, the “Trademarks”).  All Trademarks not owned by Celestron are the property of their respective owners, and are used with permission. You agree not to use or display any of the Trademarks without permission from the trademark owner, except as permitted by law.  Nothing contained on this Website may be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any right or license to use any Trademark.
Permitted Links to This Website
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive, revocable right to create hyperlinks to this Website, so long as: (a) the links are created using our link generator, (b) Trademark graphics are provided by our link generator, (c) the links and related content on your site do not suggest any affiliation with Celestron or cause confusion among consumers, (d) the links and related content on your site do not portray Celestron or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter, and (e) the links and related content on your site are not operated for any commercial purpose.  You may not mirror or frame the home page or any other pages of this Website on any other web site or web page.
Links on This Website to and from Other Sites
This Website may contain links to or from third-party sites (“Linked Sites”), including, without limitation, sites operated by advertisers and affiliates of Celestron.  Links on this Website to third party web sites or information are provided solely as a convenience to you.  If you use these links, you will leave this Website.  Celestron has no control over the content of Linked Sites and does not assume any obligation to review any Linked Sites.  Celestron does not endorse, approve, or sponsor any Linked Sites or any content and disclaims all liability in connection therewith.  Any activities in which you engage in connection with a Linked Site are subject to the privacy policy, conditions of use, and other terms imposed by the operator of the Linked Site.
Banners, Advertisements and Promotions
Celestron reserves the right to post banners, advertisements, promotions, and similar content on the Website.  Any interactions, correspondence, and business dealings that you have with any advertisers and other third parties found on this Website (including via Linked Sites) are solely between you and the third party (including, without limitation, issues related to the content of third party advertisements, payments, delivery of goods, warranties, and the like).  Celestron disclaims all liability in connection therewith.
Downloading Files
Celestron cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through this Website will be free from software viruses or other harmful computer code, files or programs.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THIS WEBSITE, THE SERVICE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.  CELESTRON MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR ENDORSEMENTS WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE, THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT.  CELESTRON EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THIS WEBSITE, THE SERVICE, THE CONTENT, AND ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE FURNISHED VIA THIS WEBSITE.  CELESTRON DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.
Limitations of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL CELESTRON BY LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO (1) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, THE SERVICE, OR THE CONTENT, (2) ANY TRANSACTION CONDUCTED THROUGH OR FACILITATED BY THIS WEBSITE, (3) ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN THIS WEBSITE, THE SERVICE, OR THE CONTENT, OR (4) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR DATA, EVEN IF CELESTRON HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THIS WEBSITE, THE SERVICE, THE CONTENT, OR WITH THE TERMS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE THEREOF.
BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  IN SUCH STATES, CELESTRON’S LIABILITY IS LIMITED AND WARRANTIES ARE EXCLUDED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BUT SHALL, IN NO EVENT, EXCEED THE FEE YOU HAVE PAID TO ACCESS THE WEBSITE, IF ANY.
Indemnification
You understand that you are personally responsible for your behavior on the Website.  You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Celestron, its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, joint venturers, business partners, licensors, employees, agents, and any third-party information providers to the Service, from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including, but not limited to, direct, incidental, consequential, exemplary and indirect damages), and reasonable attorneys’ fees arising from or relating to your misuse of or inability to use the Website, the Service, or the Content, or any violation by you of the Terms.
Privacy
You have the option of signing up for Celestron’s mailing list or submitting photographs to Celestron.  To sign up for the mailing list or submit a photograph, you must first submit information including a valid email address and certain other personal and contact information.  Your personal and contact information will not be disclosed to any other organization without your prior consent.  If you choose to sign up for the mailing list, you may receive regular emails from this Website as well as emails from third party sponsors.  If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers, do not sign up for the mailing list.  Celestron and its successors and assigns is the sole owner of the information collected on the Website.
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, Celestron may need to disclose personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to a court order or other legal process.
Celestron may also disclose information about its users to law enforcement officers or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the terms, respond to claims that any Service or Content violates the rights of third parties, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Celestron, Celestron’s Website users, or the general public.
EEA Privacy Notice – Website Users in the EEA
Although our Website does not offer ecommerce services to customers within the European Union, we may collect, use and be responsible for certain limited personal information about you when you use the Website. When we do so we are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation, which applies across the European Union (including in the UK) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
Personal Information We Collect about You
We may collect the following personal information about you via the Website: (i) your name; (ii) your email address; (iii) street address; and (iv) phone number.
We may also collect: (i) any personal data that you submit via the forms on our Website; and (ii) technical information such as traffic statistics, conversion data, audience demographic data, trackin codes and IP addresses.
How your Personal Information is Collected
We collect personal information directly from you via our Website. We may also collect information from cookies on our Website (more information is set out below) and from our IT systems and via the following channels:
Google Analytics
The Website uses the Google Universal Analytics tracking code. This provides traffic statistics, conversion data, and audience demographic data.
Facebook Pixel
The Website uses the Facebook tracking pixel. This allows us to track user interactions with our site and use that data to inform the targeting logic of our Facebook advertisements. These advertisements currently only target US users, but global user data is used to develop the audience targets.
Klaviyo (email platform) tracking code
The Website uses the tracking code provided by our email marketing platform Klaviyo. This is used to track ecommerce conversions generated by our email campaigns and allow us to build user targeting data for future marketing campaigns.
How and why we use your Personal Information
Under EU data protection law, we can only use your personal information if we have a proper reason for doing so, for example: (i) for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract; (ii) to comply with our legal and/or regulatory obligations; (iii) for our legitimate interests or those of a third party; or (iv) where you have provided consent.
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information, so long as this is not overridden by your own rights and interests.
The technical information gathered from the use of our website (including through our use of cookies) which may include personal data, is used for our legitimate interest of ensuring that our website is functioning properly and to help us make business decisions about the information to be provided on our Website.
We may also use the information we collect from you for our legitimate interests of sending marketing communications, communicating with you (for instance, to deal with your queries) and registering your product with us.
Marketing Communications
We may use your personal information to send you updates by E-mail about our services, events, news and promotions.
Where you are an individual recipient, we will not send electronic marketing communications to you unless you have consented to this. Where you have provided your contact details as part of a negotiation of a sale or provision of services with us, we may send you marketing communications to you as an existing customer about similar products we think you may be interested in, however we will always give you the chance to opt-out or unsubscribe from these communications if you wish.
You have the right to opt-out of receiving promotional communications at any time by contacting us at
optout@celestron.com
.
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences in future, or if there are changes in the law, regulation or the structure of our business.
Who we Share your Personal Information With
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our corporate group, including any subsidiaries, ultimate holding company, or subsidiaries of that holding company.
We may share also your personal information with:
Facebook Pixel: to enable us to track user interactions with our Website and use that data to develop audience targets. We do not currently use this information to target advertisements at non-US users.
Google Analytics: to collect information about web traffic statistics, conversion data and audience demographic data, to help us understand how you use the Website.
Simulation Curriculum: Our products ship with a marketing insert that allows customers to register their product through Simulation Curriculum. Simulation Curriculum shares the registrant data with us, which we use for advertisement targeting as well as email targeting and segmentation.
Klaviyo: We use the tracking code provided by the Klaviyo marketing platform. This is used to track ecommerce conversions generated by our email campaigns and allow us to build user targeting data for future campaigns.
POWr.io: We use this app to collect and store product registration submissions.
Occasionally, we may need to disclose your personal data to third parties where necessary for the legitimate interests of business or in order to comply with legal obligations:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if Celestron Acquisition, LLC or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets; or
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, enforce or apply our Website terms of use or other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our corporate group, our customers or others.
How long your Personal Information will be Kept
We will keep your personal information for as long as is necessary:
to respond to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf;
to show that we treated you fairly; and
as required by law.
We will not retain personal information for longer than is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice.  When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal information, we will delete or anonymize it.
Transfers of your Personal Information outside the EEA
When you provide your personal information to us in accordance with this EEA Privacy Notice, the information you provide may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) (specifically, the USA) that do not have similar protections in place to the EEA regarding your data and restrictions on its use as set out in this policy. The EEA comprises the EU member states plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
By submitting your information you consent to this transfer for the purposes specified in this EEA Privacy Notice
.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer (or other electronic device) when you access our website. We use cookies on our website to:
recognize you whenever you visit our website (this speeds up your access to the website as you do not have to log in each time);
obtain information about your preferences, online movements and use of the internet;
carry out research and statistical analysis to help improve our content; and
make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable.
In most cases we will need your consent in order to use cookies on this website. The exception is where the cookie is essential in order for us to provide you with a service you have requested.
If you visit our website when your browser is set to accept cookies, we will interpret this as an indication that you consent to our use of cookies and other similar technologies as described in this website cookie policy. If you change your mind in the future about letting us use cookies, you can modify the settings of your browser to reject cookies or disable cookies completely.
The table below provides some information on the cookies which we use on our website:
Cookie Name
What it does
Why is it used
How long it lasts
_ga
Distinguish users.
Used for website analytics.
2 years
_gid
Distinguish users.
Used for website analytics.
24 hours
_bva_location
Provides geographic data on users.
Used for site functionality and determining what content is shown on Celestron.com
7 days
Your Privacy Rights
EU data protection law gives you a number of rights set out below.  If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us in writing via
mydata@celestron.com
.
Access: you may request access to a copy of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent: where our processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Rectification: you may ask us to rectify any inaccurate information we hold about you.
Erasure: you may ask us to delete the personal information we hold about you, where there is no reason for us to continue to hold your information.
Portability: you may ask us to provide you with the personal information that we hold about you in a structured, commonly used, machine readable format, or you can ask us to send your information in this format to another controller.
Object: you may object to our processing of your personal information.
Restriction: you can ask us to restrict the personal information we use about you where you have asked for it to be erased or where you have objected to our use of it.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
If you are not happy with the way in which we process your personal information, or the way in which we handle any request by you to exercise your privacy rights, you may make a complaint to your local data protection regulator. In the case of the UK, this is the UK Information Commissioner's Office ("ICO"). The ICO can be contacted by visiting their website at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or by telephone on (+44) 0303 123 1113.
Keeping your Personal Information Secure
We have appropriate security measures to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed unlawfully. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to access it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This EEA Privacy Notice was last updated on 5/25/2018
We may change this EEA Privacy Notice from time to time – when we do we will inform you via an announcement on our Website or via email to you
.
User Conduct
You agree to use the Website only for lawful purposes.  You agree not to take any action that might compromise the security of the Website, render the Website inaccessible to others or otherwise cause damage to the Website or the Content.  You agree not to add to, subtract from or otherwise modify the Content, or attempt to access any Content that is not intended for you.  You agree not to use the Website in any manner that might interfere with the rights of third parties.
User Supplied Information
Except for necessary personal information you provide in connection with a purchase from Celestron’s Web Store, do not send confidential or proprietary information to Celestron via the Website.
You may submit photographs to Celestron’s photo gallery.  You agree that any material, information, data, or photographs you transmit to us or post to the Website (“Submissions”) will be considered non-confidential and non proprietary.  For all Submissions, (1) you represent and warrant that you have the legal right to post the Submission and that it will not violate any law or infringe the rights of any person or entity, and (2) you give Celestron the royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide right to use, distribute, display and create derivative works from the Submission, in any and all media now or hereafter devised, in whole or in part, without any restriction or responsibility to you.  You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Celestron, its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, joint venturers, business partners, licensors, employees, agents, and any third-party information providers to the Service from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including, but not limited to, direct, incidental, consequential, exemplary and indirect damages), and reasonable attorneys’ fees resulting from or arising out of your Submissions.
Miscellaneous General Provisions
These Terms constitute the complete, final and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and Celestron.  Any modification to or waiver of any provision of the Terms will be effective only if in writing and signed by an authorized representative of Celestron.  No waiver by Celestron of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any prior or subsequent breach or default.
These Terms shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with California law for contracts made and performed in California.  The courts sitting in the State of California shall have non exclusive jurisdiction to interpret or enforce these Terms.  If any part of the Terms is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such determination shall not affect any other provision of the Terms, all of which will remain in full force and effect.
Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy
Celestron and its employees do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new advertising campaigns, marketing strategies, new or improved products, technologies, services, processes, materials, or new product names.  Please do not send your unsolicited ideas to Celestron or anyone at Celestron.  Please note that all your unsolicited submissions automatically become the property of Celestron, without any compensation to you, even if your transmission says otherwise.  Celestron will have no obligation to return your idea to you or respond to you in any way and no obligation to keep your idea confidential.  Celestron may use or disclose your idea for any purpose whatsoever.
Celestron welcomes customer feedback regarding many areas of Celestron’s business and products that will help satisfy customer’s needs.  Please provide your feedback through the designated contact areas on the Website.  Any feedback you provide shall be deemed a Submission as defined in the User Supplied Information section above.
Affiliate Links
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Legal & Privacy Notice - UK
Who are we?
References to ‘us’, ‘we’ or ‘our’ are references to Celestron Global Limited, 2835 Columbia Street, Torrance, CA 90503
What is the purpose of this Privacy Policy?
Celestron Global Limited understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of all our website visitors, customers and suppliers, and will only collect and use personal data in the ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation / GDPR (EU) 2016/679
What data do we collect and hold?
The personal data we collect, is restricted to, but may vary according to the relationship with us:
Name
Postal address / Company Address
Email / Company Email
Telephone numbers / Company Telephone numbers - Landline and Mobile
Bank / Payment Details
Car Registration (When visiting our offices)
Information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our services.
Where do we collect personal data from?
We collect personal information from that you have supplied to us either in person, by telephone, by email or via the contact form on our website.
Our website uses cookies and Google Analytics to record visitor behaviour patterns and standard Internet log information such as IP address, operating system, browser type and how you navigated to / from our website: directly, via a search engine or via a link on another website and to understand further requirements from our website. This is done so that we can offer better site experience and tools in the future. This data is processed so that no one is identified. You may disable cookies in your browser, though doing so may affect your experience when using our website.
Celestron Global Limited uses the tracking code provided by our email marketing platform Klaviyo. This is used to track ecommerce conversions generated by our email campaigns and allow us to build user-targeting data for future marketing campaigns.
Do we collect personal data from third parties?
Only for the purposes of legitimate business to business marketing we do, at times, collect data from relevant trade exhibitions.
How will we use your personal data?
We must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because we have a legal obligation, or because we have a legitimate interest. Your personal data may be used for one of the following purposes:
To perform our contract if we have entered into a contractual relationship with you
Maintaining our business relationship with you once any contracted services have been supplied
To perform pre-contract activities if we are mutually working towards a contractual relationship
For the legitimate purpose of business to business marketing
To respond to specific requests that you make via telephone, email or our website
Website administration
Will we share your personal data?
We do not share your personal information, we solely use for our own use and for the supply of goods and services to you and this may include the use of IT and cloud services. The only time we share any information is when we need to do so to deliver our goods and services, for example we may share your information with a delivery company to enable them to deliver goods to you, or we may share information with service delivery companies to enable them to provide quotations or deliver their services. The only other time your data may be shared is if we are required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Transfers of your Personal Information outside the EEA
When you provide your personal information to us in accordance with this Privacy Notice, the information you provide may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) (specifically, the USA) that do not have similar protections in place to the EEA regarding your data and restrictions on its use as set out in this policy. The EEA comprises the EU member states plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
By submitting your information you consent to this transfer for the purposes specified in this Privacy Notice.
How do we protect your personal data?
To maintain the security of your personal data, we implement technical and organisational measures that are appropriate to the risks associated with the loss or any illegal processing of your personal information.
How long will we hold your personal data for?
If you have entered into a contract with us, we will retain your personal data for a minimum of six years after the cessation of the contract. Otherwise, we will delete your personal data two years after our last contact or attempted contact with you.
Marketing Communications
We may use your personal information to send you updates by Email about our services, events, news and promotions.
Where you are an individual recipient, we will not send electronic marketing communications to you unless you have consented to this. Where you have provided your contact details as part of a negotiation of a sale or provision of services with us, we may send you marketing communications to you as an existing customer about similar products we think you may be interested in, however we will always give you the chance to opt-out or unsubscribe from these communications if you wish.
You have the right to opt-out of receiving promotional communications at any time by contacting us at
optout@celestron.com
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences in future, or if there are changes in the law, regulation or the structure of our business.
What are your rights in relation to the personal data that we hold?
As a data subject whose personal information we hold, you have certain rights.  If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please email:
mydata@celestron.com
In order to process your request, we may ask you to provide a valid form of identification for verification purposes. Your rights are as follows:
The right to be informed
As a data controller, we are obliged to provide clear and transparent information about our data processing activities.  This is provided by this privacy policy and any related communications we may send you.
The right of access
You may request a copy of the personal data we hold about you free of charge.  Once we have verified your identity, we will provide access to the personal data we hold about you within a month of your request.
If there are exceptional circumstances that mean we can refuse to provide the information, we will explain them.  If answering requests is likely to require additional time or unreasonable expense, we will inform you.
The right to rectification
When you believe we hold inaccurate or incomplete personal information about you, you may exercise your right to correct or complete this data.  This may be used with the right to restrict processing to make sure that incorrect/incomplete information is not processed until it is corrected.
The right to erasure (the ‘right to be forgotten’)
Where no overriding legal basis or legitimate reason continues to exist for processing personal data, you may request that we delete the personal data we hold.  This includes personal data that may have been unlawfully processed.  We will take all reasonable steps to ensure erasure.
The right to restrict processing
You may ask us to stop processing your personal data.  We will still hold the data, but will not process it any further.  This right is an alternative to the right to erasure.  If one of the following conditions applies you may exercise the right to restrict processing:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested
Processing of the personal data is unlawful
We no longer need the personal data for processing but the personal data is required for part of a legal process
The right to object has been exercised and processing is restricted pending a decision on the status of the processing
The right to data portability
You may request your set of personal data be transferred to another controller or processor, provided in a commonly used and machine-readable format.  This right is only available if the original processing was on the basis of consent, the processing is by automated means and if the processing is based on the fulfillment of a contractual obligation.
The right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your data where:
Processing is based on legitimate interest
Processing is for the purpose of direct marketing
Processing is for the purposes of scientific or historic research
Processing involves automated decision-making and profiling
The rights related to automated decision making
You have the right to be notified if we are using automated decision making. We may, at times, run credit checks to ensure your credit history is viable.
How can you contact us?
We can be contacted in writing, please address to Celestron Global Limited, Unit 2 Transigo, Gables Way, Thatcham, Berkshire, RG19 4JZ, by email to
mydata@celestron.com
or alternatively via the “Contact Us” page on our website.
Making a complaint
Should you wish to discuss a complaint, please feel free to contact us using the details provided above.  All complaints will be treated in a confidential manner.
Should you feel unsatisfied with our handling of your data, or about any complaint that you have made to us about our handling of your data, you are entitled to escalate your complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), who is our lead supervisory authority:
Website:
www.ico.org.uk
Tel: 0303 123 1113
Address: ICO, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
Sub-policy 1
https://privacy.celestron.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Information you provide to us
How we disclose your information
EEA/UK (GDPR)
US State Privacy Notices
Make a Privacy Request
Expand All
Information you provide to us
We collect the personal information you provide to us when you purchase our products or visit our website. The categories of information we may collect include:
Personal Identifiers, including name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and online Identifiers
Internet Activity
Commercial Information, including purchases
Financial Information, including credit or debit card number
Inferences from Other Data, including inferences created from other personal information collected
Browser Cookies
We use cookies to create a better experience for you on our site. For example, cookies prevent you from having to login repeatedly, and they help us remember items you've added to your cart. We also use third-party cookies, which are cookies placed by third parties for advertising and analytics purposes. You can control these cookies through your browser settings.
Information from other sources
We may collect personal information about you from third-party sources, including Retail Partners and Software Developer.
The categories of information we may collect include:
Retail Partners
Personal Identifiers, including Name, Email address, Postal address, and Telephone number
Commercial Information, including Purchases
Software Developer
Personal Identifiers, including Name and Email address
Commercial Information, including Purchases
How long we keep your data
We do not retain data for any longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Policy.
We generally retain data according to the guidelines below.
Data Retention Periods
Type of Data
Retention Period
Cookies and online data we collect while you use our website, including Online Identifiers, Internet Activity
We delete or anonymize data concerning your use of our website within 5 years of collecting it.
Data we collect in order to process and ship orders you place with us, including Name, Email address, Postal address, Telephone number, Purchases, Credit or debit card number
We keep personal information related to products and services you purchase for as long as the personal data is required for us to fulfill our contract with you, and for 5 years from your last purchase with us. We may keep data beyond this period in anonymized form.
Data we collect when you contact us for customer support and other inquiries, including Name, Email address, Telephone number, Online Identifiers, Purchases
We keep customer feedback and correspondence with our customer service for up to 5 years to help us respond to any questions or complaints. We may keep data beyond this period in anonymized form.
Data we collect when you sign up for promotional and marketing communications, including Name, Email address, Online Identifiers, Inferences created from other personal information collected
Where you have signed up to receive promotional and marketing communications from us, we will retain any data collected until you opt out or request its deletion. We may keep data beyond this period in anonymized form. We will further retain a record of any opt-outs in order to prevent sending you future communications.
Data we collect when you review our products, answer surveys, or send feedback, including Name, Email address, Online Identifiers, Purchases
We retain review, survey, and feedback data for up to 5 years following your last contact with us. We may keep data beyond this period in anonymized form to help improve our products and services.
Data we collect in connection with privacy requests, including Name, Email address, Online Identifiers
We retain records related to privacy requests for a minimum of 24 months following the completion of the request.
Data we collect for security purposes, including Name, Email address, Postal address, Telephone number, Online Identifiers, Credit or debit card number
We retain security-related data as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations and to maintain and improve our information security measures.
Why we process your information
We process personal information for the following business and commercial purposes:
Conducting Surveys
Creating Customer Profiles
Delivering Targeted Ads
Fulfilling Customer Orders
Improving our Products & Services
Meeting Compliance & Legal Requirements
Operating Our Website or Mobile Apps
Preventing Fraud
Processing Payments
Providing Customer Support
Providing Cybersecurity
Sending Promotional Communications
Storing and Managing Data
Tracking Purchases & Customer Data
How we disclose your information
We may disclose personal information about you for business and commercial purposes when you purchase our products or visit our website:
Personal Information Sharing Categories
Personal Information Category
Categories of Service Providers
Categories of Third Parties
Personal Identifiers
Commerce Software Tools, Customer Support Tools, Fraud Prevention Tools, Governance, Risk & Compliance Software, Sales & Marketing Contractors, and Sales & Marketing Tools
Ad Networks, Commerce Software Tools, Data Analytics Providers, and Shipping Services
Internet Activity
Commerce Software Tools, Sales & Marketing Contractors, and Sales & Marketing Tools
Ad Networks and Data Analytics Providers
Commercial Information
Commerce Software Tools, Customer Support Tools, Fraud Prevention Tools, Sales & Marketing Contractors, and Sales & Marketing Tools
Ad Networks and Payment Processors
Financial Information
Commerce Software Tools, Customer Support Tools, Fraud Prevention Tools, Sales & Marketing Contractors, and Sales & Marketing Tools
Payment Processors
Inferences from Other Data
Commerce Software Tools, Sales & Marketing Contractors, and Sales & Marketing Tools
Ad Networks
EEA/UK (GDPR)
This section provides additional information for people in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK). The terms used in this section have the same meaning as in the General Data Protection Regulation and the UK Data Protection Act (GDPR). The term “personal information”  as used in this notice has the same meaning as “personal data” in the GDPR.
Collection and Disclosure of Personal Data
The personal data we collect and how we share it is described above in our Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your personal information to the following third party controllers for business purposes:UPS, POWR, Opinew, Microsoft Ads, Google Ads, Meta Ad Network. To understand how these parties handle your data, please refer to their respectiveprivacy policies.
Cookie Notice
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to allow us and third parties to personalize the marketing content you see on other websites and social media. Website visitors from European Privacy Law regions can control cookie settings.
Manage your region specific consent settings here
.
Essential Cookies
We use these cookies for things like security, logins, site errors, and processing payments. We can't turn these necessary cookies off, but you can control them in your browser.
Cookie Name
Provider
Duration
_cmp_a
Shopify
1 Day
cart_currency
Shopify
14 Days
keep_alive
Shopify
31 Mins
localization
Shopify
1 Year
nf32641_customer_code
NoFraud
6 Hours
nf_device
NoFraud
1 Year
secure_customer_sig
Shopify
1 Year
shopify_pay_redirect
Shopify
1 Hour
Analytics Cookies
These cookies tell us how you use our sites and apps, and provide information to help us improve your experience.
Cookie Name
Provider
Duration
_ga
Google Analytics
1 Year 30 Days
_ga_EZ1HGZH69W
Google Analytics
1 Year 30 Days
_gat
Google Analytics
2 Mins
_gid
Google Analytics
1 Day
_landing_page
Shopify
14 Days
_orig_referrer
Shopify
14 Days
_s
Shopify
31 Mins
_shopify_s
Shopify
31 Mins
_shopify_sa_p
Shopify
31 Mins
_shopify_sa_t
Shopify
31 Mins
_shopify_y
Shopify
30 Days
_y
Shopify
30 Days
Personalization Cookies
We do not use cookies to personalize content for you.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies help us decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. We use this data to customize the marketing content you see on websites, apps and social media, and to measure your interactions with that content. We might use these cookies to advertise our products to you when you visit other websites.
Cookie Name
Provider
Duration
_fbp
Meta Ad Network
2 Months 29 Days
_gcl_au
Google Ads
2 Months 29 Days
Lawful Bases and Legitimate Interests
We process personal data on the following lawful bases:
Complying with legal obligations
Fulfilling contracts
Consent
Legitimate interests
Where we process personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests, we pursue the following interests: Creating Customer Profiles, Delivering Targeted Ads, Meeting Compliance & Legal Requirements, Preventing Fraud, Fulfilling Customer Orders, Sending Promotional Communications, Improving our Products & Services, Providing Customer Support, Providing Cybersecurity, Storing and Managing Data, Conducting Surveys, Operating Our Website or Mobile Apps, Processing Payments, and Tracking Purchases & Customer Data.
International Data Transfers
We may send the personal data of individuals in the EEA/UK/CH to third countries, including the United States, where it may be stored or processed, for example on our service providers’ cloud servers. When we transfer personal data, we rely either on Adequacy Decisions as adopted by the European Commission (EC), the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) on the basis of the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK-US Data Bridge, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework agreements, Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) issued by the EC or the FDPIC, or International Data Transfer Agreements (IDTAs) approved by the ICO. Data protection authorities have determined that the SCCs and IDTAs provide sufficient safeguards to protect personal data transferred outside the EEA/UK/CH. You may read more about international data transfer mechanisms at the following links:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/international-data-transfer-agreement-and-guidance/
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/datenschutz/arbeit_wirtschaft/datenuebermittlung_ausland.html
Privacy Rights
Individuals in the EEA/UK/CH have the following rights regarding their personal data.
Make a Privacy Request by clicking here
. Once you submit a request, we will verify your identity and process your request in most cases within 30 days.
Right to access.
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right of portability.
You have the right to ask us to transfer your data to another party.
Right to rectification.
You have the right to request that we rectify any incorrect information we have about you.
Right of erasure.
You have the right to request that we erase (delete) any personal information we hold about you.
Right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we rely on your permission to process your personal data.
Right to object.
You have the right to object to our use of data about you.
Right to restrict processing.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict our processing of your personal data to storage only, subject to some exceptions. This right applies when:
You have contested the accuracy of your personal data and we are still verifying its accuracy.
Your personal data has been unlawfully processed under the GDPR.
You need for us to keep your data in order to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim.
You have previously objected to our processing of your personal data and the status of that review is still pending.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
You have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. For more information, you can visit theInformation Commissioner’s Office website at
https://ico.org.uk/
, the Federal Data Protection and InformationCommissioner’s website at
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/
, or see a list of EU Data Protection Authorities at
https://www.gdprregister.eu/gdpr/dpa-gdpr/
.
Inquiries
Controller contact information
Celestron
moc.ycavirp-nortselec@ycavirp