Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
APPSONIX
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how and when APPSONIX collects, uses,
and shares your information when you use android applications offered by APPSONIX.
APPSONIX receives your information through our mobile applications. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, the information provided by you is utilized by APPSONIX  in its own capacity and is not shared with anyone.
Information Collection and Use
Contact Information:
The only contact information that we get from you is your device id that helps you send relevant promotional information to you. Other than that, our applications do not use any kind of user sensitive information from you.
Moreover, the information collected by us is not shared at any platform or with any third party.
Cookies :
When you use any of our applications, we may keep cookies as a means of gathering information with regards to your use of our applications. Such information is gathered via Admob SDK that collects your information and helps in showing you ads pertinent to your use of the applications.
Log Data:
We do not collect your log data directly. It is Google with its services  that fetches and keeps your log data that is only used by us for analysis purposes only. Google with its services in our applications shares your Log Data information with us. Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type operating system, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our applications. AppSonix uses Log Data to understand user behavior and to measure, customize, and improve our services.
Third-Parties:
AppSonix uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our services, such as Firebase Analytics and Firebase Cloud Messenger to provide you information about our latest applications and to better understand your use of our applications. These third-parties may collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, such as cookies, your IP address, or device ID.
Information Sharing
We do not share any of the information collected by us with any other business or any other third party for either personal or commercial use.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Opt-out Rights
If you do not feel comfortable with the use of our applications under the given privacy policy, then you have the right of opting out any time by uninstalling the application from your phone. None of your information will be kept or disseminated further.
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be here.  If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, it will be uploaded here.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it