Swili cam AI
Basketball
Soccer
Rugby
Volleyball
Handball
Baseball
Soccer
Table tennis
Field hockey
Padel & Tennis
Lacrosse
Our offers
Laptop version
Contact
Sports
Basketball
Soccer
Rugby
Volleyball
Handball
Baseball
US Soccer
Table tennis
Field hockey
Lacrosse
Padel & Tennis
+20 other sports...
Resources
Tutorials
Lives made by our customers
Which materials to choose
Blog
Help Center
Become an ambassador
Log in
Legal Notice
01. Collection of information
We collect information when you register on our site, when you log into your account, make a purchase, enter a contest, and/or when you log out. Information collected includes your name, email address, phone number, and/or credit card information.
In addition, we automatically receive and record information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, your software and hardware, and the page you request
02. Use of information
Any information we collect from you may be used to:
- Personalize your experience and meet your individual needs
- Provide personalized advertising content
- Improve our site
- Improve customer service and your support needs
- Contact you via email
- Administer a contest, promotion, or survey
Live and replay content made with the Swish Live app (time capsule and live) may be shared on our social networks, website, or partner sites for the purpose of promoting your club and our software.
To request deletion of your data, please send an email to technical@swishlive.com. You can also delete your account and associated data directly from your account space on our mobile applications.
03. Privacy of online business
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. Your personal information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason, without your consent, other than what is necessary to fulfill a request and/or transaction, such as to ship an order.
04. Disclosure to third parties
We do not sell, trade, or transfer your personally identifiable information to third parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website or conducting our business, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or when required by law.
Non-private information, however, may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
05. Protection of information
We implement a variety of security measures to keep your personal information safe. We use state-of-the-art encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online. We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) have access to personally identifiable information. The computers and servers used to store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
06. Unsubscribe
We use the email address you provide to send you information and updates about your order, occasional company news, information about related products, etc. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe and no longer receive emails, detailed unsubscribe instructions are included at the bottom of each email.
07. Consent
a/ By using our site and applications, you consent to our privacy policy.
‍
b/ Exclusion of Liability for Multiple Subscriptions and Request for Refund.
Responsibility of the user when subscribing
‍
The user is solely responsible for managing their subscriptions and subscribing to our services.
At the time of each subscription, the user receives a detailed confirmation by electronic means, reminding him of the essential information relating to his commitment, including the amount, the duration of the subscription, and the terms of renewal. This communication guarantees that the user is informed in a clear and transparent manner prior to any invoicing.
c/ Multiple subscriptions and account management
‍
In the event of multiple subscriptions for the same user, no refund request may be granted after activation of the service, except in the event of a proven technical malfunction attributable to the service publisher. Users are able to check the status of their subscriptions at any time via their personal space, and it is their responsibility to ensure that no unwanted or redundant subscriptions are maintained.
d/ Refund requests and claim deadline
In accordance with article X of the present contract, any refund request linked to a multiple subscription must be made within 30 days of the initial subscription or automatic renewal of the subscription. After this period, it will be considered that the user has read and fully accepted the subscription(s) in question.
e/ Exceptions to the non-refund policy
‍
No retroactive refund may be claimed beyond the 30-day period mentioned above, except in the event of a serious breach by the publisher of its legal or contractual obligations. This provision includes, in particular, subscriptions made twice or by mistake, once the user has received all the information necessary to monitor and manage his subscription.
f/ Express agreement of the user
By subscribing to the service, the user expressly acknowledges and accepts the terms of the present non-refund policy, regardless of the length of the commitment or the number of active subscriptions.
08. Third Party Service
YouTube API Services: https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
Google Privacy Policy at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
The API Client uses YouTube API Services, users are agreeing to be bound with YouTube Terms of service along with the above mentioned points.
You can revoke the access to users data via the Google security settings page at: https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions.
English
Français
Español
Italiano