Privacy Policy
Update Date: February 14, 2022
Effective Date: February 14, 2022
Ginlong Technology Co., Ltd. (also referred to as "Solis" or "we"). We value the protection of users' personal information. When you use Solis services, we may collect and use your personal information. This Privacy Policy notice explains to you how we collect, use, share, store and protect your personal information.
By using or continuing to use Solis’s monitoring services, you agree to our collection, storage, routine updates, use and sharing of your personal information in accordance with this policy.
This policy will help you understand the following：
1.Our Statement
2.Scope of application of this policy
3.How we collect and use your personal information
4.How we use cookies and similar technologies
5.How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
6.How we store your personal information
7.How we protect your personal information
8.How you manage your personal information
9.Terms of Use for Minors
10.Privacy Policy Amendments and Notices
11.Contact Us
1. Our Statement
Solis appreciates the opportunity to provide you with products and services. Earning and maintaining your trust in us has always been our mission since Solis was founded. We are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy and personal information you provide, and hope that you can understand our privacy protection policy, including how to collect, use and disclose your personal information.
We designate a dedicated team to manage your personal information protection, including systems, dispute resolution, training, liaison, etc., and report privacy protection-related matters directly to the board of directors and the general manager.
2. Scope of application of this policy
This policy applies to all functions and services of SolisCloud APP and SolisCloud website (www.soliscloud.com). Other Solis products and services will use the privacy policy of the relevant product or service.
3. How we collect and use your personal information
When registering for your monitoring account we will ask for consent and show our privacy policy. With that specific consent, SolisCloud will only collect and use your personal information for the following：
3.1 When you register for an account, the information we may collect includes: user name, organization name, phone number, and email address. The above information is collected to help you create an account.
3.2 When you use the power station monitoring function, we will collect the information about the power station you add, including: power station name, power station type, power station status, power station location, power installed, real time power, yield today and fault data (e.g. alarm name, device name, occurrence time, report data), so that you can manage and monitor the power station.
3.3 When a version update is detected, we will read your application installation list to detect whether the corresponding application store is installed on your mobile phone is outdated or not.
3.4 When you use the functions and services we provide, we will collect your operations within the platform, location clicks and other information as relevant web logs for the purpose of data security. This helps to improve our website and error analysis, etc. This includes your device information such as operating system, device model, device manufacturer, system version, Android ID, account information, date and time of access and IP address.
3.5 Additional Features:
GPS location permissions adds additional features. You can create a power station and a power station map after enabling the location permission, requiring you to provide the location information of the power station before using it, or the location information of your mobile device when creating the power station. We will do so as necessary to safeguard our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1)(f) GDPR), or to provide you with our services (Article 6(1)(b) GDPR).
Camera and album permissions adds additional features. You can use this function after enabling the camera and album permissions to scan QR codes, upload avatars, upload plant pictures, etc.
Bluetooth permission adds additional features. You can perform near-end debugging of the device through Bluetooth after enabling the Bluetooth permission.
Permission to delete and create files in SD card. You can enable the file download function after you open the permission to delete and create files in the SD card.
When you enable the above permissions, you authorize us to access your mobile phone and the corresponding personal information to achieve the above functions. If you close the corresponding permissions, you cancel the corresponding authorization. We will not continue to collect and use your corresponding personal information, nor will we be able to provide you corresponding functions. The data that was collected before cancelling will remain within our system unless specifically requested to remove.
4. How we use cookies and similar technologies
To ensure the proper and efficient functioning of the website, we store small data files called cookies on your web browser or mobile application. The content of a cookie can only be retrieved or read by the server that created it. Each cookie is unique to your web browser or mobile application. Using cookies can help you save yourself from having to repeatedly fill in personal information, enter search content, steps and processes (example: form filling, search history). You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing browser cache data, and you can perform corresponding data clearing operations in the browser settings. However, you may not be able to fully experience some of our convenience and security service functions.We will carry out the above processing activities on your personal data when necessary to safeguard our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
5. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
5.1 Information Sharing
We will not share your personal information with third parties except in the following cases：
（1）Sharing with express consent: We share your personal information with other parties with your express consent.
（2）Sharing under statutory circumstances: We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, or the mandatory requirements of government authorities.
（3）Sharing with authorized partners: We may share your data with third-party service providers (as our data processors) as to provide you with SolisCloud services and information technology and maintenance support, or to improve our products and services personal information. We will not share your personal information with third parties for any marketing purposes. These support services include push services and map services.
（4）Share with the installer who provides services for you: we may share with the installer who provides services for your power station, but we will only share the necessary power station and equipment information. In order to provide better after-sales service for you, the installer is also bound by the purpose stated in this policy.
5.2 Business Transfers
In the future, new situations such as mergers, acquisitions, and transfers of our business may occur. In this case, your personal information will be transferred along with the business as part of the transaction. We will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy, otherwise we will require such companies and organizations to seek your authorization and consent again. We will carry out the above processing activities as necessary to safeguard our legitimate business interests (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR)
5.3 Disclosure to Third Parties and Transfer of Data Outside the European Economic Area
Your personal information may be compelled to disclose under the following circumstances：
If personal information is transferred outside the European Economic Area and such information is transferred to suppliers located in countries not bound by an appropriate decision of the European Commission, the data is protected by either standard contractual clause approved by the following:
European Commission
For more details, please visit - https://ec.europa.eu/info/strategy/justice-and-fundamental-rights/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en
Appropriate Privacy Shield Certification
For more details, please visit - https://www.privacyshield.gov
Supplier's Processor Binding Corporate Rules
For more details, please visit - https://ec.europa.eu/info/strategy/justice-and-fundamental-rights/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/binding-corporate-rules_en
6. How We Store Your Personal Information
We store your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations until you delete your account/account data or you request to delete your personal data, unless otherwise required by laws and regulations.
7. How We Protect Your Personal Information
The security of your personal information is of the utmost importance to us. We will strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations, and take reasonable and feasible measures recognized by the industry to protect your personal information. We will protect information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, and avoid damage or loss of information. SolisCloud will use encryption technology, such as Transport Layer Security (TLS), to protect your personal data during transmission. When we store your personal data, we use computer systems with limited access and these systems are deployed in facilities protected by physical security measures. In addition, we will hold security and privacy protection training courses from time to time to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal data.
In addition, you have the right to ask us：
To provide access to and a copy of your personal information held by us (Article 15 GDPR).
To provide you or send some of your personal information to other data controllers in a commonly used, machine-readable format (Article 20 GDPR).
To update or correct your personal information to make it accurate (Article 16 GDPR).
To delete your personal information from our records in certain circumstances (Article 17 GDPR).
To restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances (Article 18 GDPR).
You also have the right to object to our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances (Article 21 GDPR).
We hope to address any concerns you may have about the way we handle your information. If you have any questions about how we process your data, please contact us as follows. In order to process any request, please go to www.solisinverters.com and find the appropriate service contact email for your region and submit an inquiry.
8. Managing Your Personal Information
We attach great importance to the management of your personal information, and do our best to protect your rights to access, correct, delete, withdraw consent, cancel your account, and report complaints, so that you can protect your privacy and information. Due to differences in operating systems, the following operation settings may be different; in addition, in order to optimize your experience, we may also adjust the operation settings, so the following guidelines are for reference only.
8.1 Access Personal Information
You have the right to access your avatar, username, mobile phone number, email address and other basic information. In order to access this information, go to the SolisCloud app and go to “Me”- “Setting”- “Account Information”.
In order to access your information on the desktop application go to www.soliscloud.com URL and enter your username and password. Once you login go to the top right-hand corner and click your avatar and click “My Info”.
8.2 Correct Personal Information
You have the right to correct your avatar, username, mobile phone number, email address and other basic information.
8.3 Delete Personal Information
You have the right to delete your account at any time. The ability to delete your account can be found within the Account Information section previously stated in section 7.1. After deleting your account, we will stop providing you with products and services, and delete or anonymize your personal information, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
8.4 Withdraw Consent
In the process of providing services, we need you to grant us some device permissions, such as notification, photo album, camera, Bluetooth and other access permissions. You can turn off some or all of the permissions at any time in the settings of your device, thereby refusing us to collect your corresponding personal information. Permissions are displayed and closed differently in different devices and systems. For details, please refer to the instructions and guidelines of the device and system developers.
9. Terms of Use for Minors
Our services are not intended for individuals under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 18 on this service. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under the age of 18, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
10. Privacy Policy Amendments and Notices
We may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, and these revisions form part of the Privacy Policy and have the same effect as this Privacy Policy, and we will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your express consent. After this Privacy Policy is updated, we will remind you through announcement messages within the monitoring platform or email or other appropriate means so that you can keep abreast of the latest version of this Privacy Policy.
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about the content of the privacy policy, you can contact us by emailing us Email: monitor@ginlong.com Or Go to www.solisinverters.com and find your local service email.
Mailing Address:
Ginlong Technologies Co.,Ltd.
No. 57 Jintong Road,Binhai Industrial Park,
Xiangshan, Ningbo, Zhejiang, 315712,P.R.China