AudioKit Privacy Policy
We respect your data.
At AudioKit, we believe that developers have a moral and ethical responsibility to treat users with respect. That's why we've deleted the AudioKit FaceBook pages. You can still find us right here on Twitter. Thank you for your support!
#DeleteFacebook
#Ethics
— AudioKit Pro (@AudioKitPro)
April 4, 2018
We will do everything in our power to help protect your data. We are a humble open-source project with a mission to empower people with free code & music apps.
Plus, we do not use any 3rd party ads, including Google ads. That way, your data stays with you. And you, alone.
Send us a friendly
email
if you have any concerns. Legal stuff required by
GDPR
below.
🙂
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy defines how we collect and use personal information about you that we collect when you use our websites or acquire an app or product shown on our websites. So that you can use our websites with confidence, AudioKit Pro strictly observes the laws protecting your personal information, and it is our highest priority to ensure that this information is collected, used, and managed appropriately. When using this website and our apps, please make sure that you understand this privacy policy, and provide personal information only if you accept the privacy policy.
We do not share your personal information
AudioKit Pro and the team members and contributors do not share your personal information with any third party without your consent. AudioKit Pro may provide your personal information if we are ordered to do so in accordance with the laws of the applicable country.
Access log files
AudioKit Pro uses access log files to analyze app and website usage trends, site management, user trends, and broad demographic data. From this data, we are able to obtain overall site usage data such as the pages that were visited, the time spent on each page, the immediately preceding location from which the site was accessed, how users transition between pages, and the browser and operating system that are used.
Crash Logs
By default, if one of our apps crashes while you’re using it, anonymized data about the crash will be collected to help us identify the cause of the crash and hopefully fix it in a future update. These “crash logs” contain information such as the state of the app, operating system, and device at the time of the crash, but not your private data. Apple may also collect crash logs if the privacy settings of your device allow it.
Linked sites
This website includes links to various external sites, but we do not have the same privacy policy as those sites.AudioKit Pro has no responsibility for how linked external sites handle your personal information, so please be sure to read the privacy policies of those sites.
Security
In order to provide you with better service, this website may allow you to register personal information as necessary. When registering your personal information, AudioKit Pro uses encryption technologies such as SSL (https), and we make every effort to prevent unauthorized access or leakage of this data to the outside.
Exceptions
AudioKit Pro will not provide your private information to a third party without your consent. However, if we receive a legally valid demand from a court, a law enforcement agency, a consumer protection agency, or an agency of similar authority, we will provide information accordingly.
Correcting your information and questions
If your personal information held by AudioKit Pro is inaccurate, or if you want the data to be deleted, you can request that the data be corrected, updated, or deleted. Please contact hello@audiokitpro.com for details. If you have any questions about the privacy policy posted on this website, please email hello@audiokitpro.com
You have rights over your data
If you have an account on our apps or have left comments on our website, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. But, we will always try to protect your data and never provide it to any third parties to do business, etc. with them!
International Users
AudioKit Pro is based in the United States. If you are accessing our Services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that your Personal Data will be transmitted to our servers in the United States and the data may be transmitted to our service providers supporting our business operations (described above). The United States may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the country in which you are located. Where we transfer your Personal Data out of the EU we will take steps to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection where it is processed and your rights continue to be protected (GDPR).
By providing your information to the Services you agree to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Collection of personal information
The “personal information” we refer to in this privacy policy means information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, phone number, and email address. Our websites or apps might collect your personal information when you order a product or service, respond to a sales promotion campaign or offer, register as an AudioKit Pro user, or request various types of service. AudioKit Pro collects your personal information only when you voluntarily provide it with consent, and when you provide personal information, we understand this to mean that you consent to AudioKit Pro using that personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you do not consent to this, please do not provide any personal information.
Updating our privacy policy
We are free to update this privacy policy at any time. Please check the privacy policy regularly.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. For more information, visit
All About Cookies
.
AudioKit Pro uses cookies to help AudioKit Pro identify and track visitors, their usage ofAudioKit Pro website, and their website access preferences. Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out (session cookies), others remain on your computer or terminal device for a longer period (persistent cookies). Our Site uses first-party cookies (cookies set directly by Anchor) as well as third-party cookies, as described below
Strictly Necessary Cookies: Used to provide Users with the Services available through our Site and to use some of their features, such as the ability to log-in and access to secure areas. These cookies are served by Anchor and are essential for using and navigating the Site. Without these cookies, basic functions of our Site would not work. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Site and the Services, you cannot refuse them.
Analytics/Performance: Used to better understand the behavior of the Users on our Site and improve our Site accordingly, for example by making sure Users are finding what they need easily. The Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). The information collected by Google (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States (Google is certified to the Privacy Shield for data transfers). How long a Google Analytics cookie remains on your computer or device depends on what it is and what it is used for. Some Google Analytics cookies expire at the end of your browser session, whilst others can remain for up to two years. You can prevent your data from being collected by Google Analytics on our Site by downloading and installing the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
for your current web browser. For more information on Google Analytics privacy practices, read here.
AudioKit Pro visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using AudioKit Pro’s websites, with the drawback that certain features ofAudioKit Pro’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Aggregated Statistics
AudioKit Pro may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites.AudioKit Pro may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, AudioKit Pro does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to AudioKit Pro’s websites or apps may choose to interact with AudioKit Pro in ways that require AudioKit Pro to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that AudioKit Pro gathers depend on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who use our apps like FM Player & Synth One to provide an email address. This is purely optional. Those who consent to sign up for the email list are very much appreciated and respected. AudioKit Pro does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described in this document. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain app & website-related activities.
Ads
We do not run any external advertisements on AudioKit Pro. However, we may use ad networks such as Twitter Ads to collect retargeting information to compile information about our users. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by AudioKit Pro and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that sign our email lists on our apps or website, we only store email addresses without any names or associated data. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time.
Contact Info
We are a friendly open-source project.
You can contact us anytime at
hello@audiokitpro.com
AudioKit Pro, LLC
1624 Market St, Suite 202
Denver, CO 80202
Notice of update
This privacy policy was updated on May 25, 2018