English
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Plan
Routes
Link device
Help
Sign up
Log in
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously and we will comply with the following commitments to you our
      user:
Use of Email and Other Addresses
We will not use your email or other addresses for any purpose other than those clearly stated on the page where
        the email address was entered, or any other purpose or purposes that you have affirmatively accepted at a later
        date. We will not sell your address information for marketing purposes to any other company.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies solely for the technical purposes of managing your session and registration information with our
        website. We also have affiliations with partners such as Strava, Amazon.com and Google who may use cookies for purposes
        outlined in their own Privacy Policies.
Release of Information
We do not release information about you to anyone, unless required to do so by a properly served court order or
        subpoena.
Use of Personal Data by Service Providers
We use services from the following companies:
Amazon Web Services: Personal data stored.
Amazon.com: Affiliate sales links may contain Amazon cookies.
Apple: Download of iPhone/iOS Companion app requires login to Apple App Store.
Facebook: Cookies used for website analytics.
         Authentication information stored if user chooses to link account.
Garmin: Authentication information stored if user chooses to link account.
Geocodio: Geocoding may use user's current location.
Google: Cookies used for website analytics.
         Affiliate advertising links may contain Google cookies.
         Maps, routing services and geocoding may use user's current location.
         Download of Android Companion app requires login to Google Play Store
Graphhopper: Routing service may use user's current location.
Mailchimp: Personal data may be shared for the sole purpose of sending an email to the user.
Mapbox: Maps, routing services and geocoding may use user's current location.
Mapquest: Geocoding may use user's current location.
Maptiler: Maps, routing services and geocoding may use user's current location.
MTB/Hiking Project: Authentication information stored if user chooses to link account.
Paypal: Payment link may contain Paypal cookie.
         Paypal may store personal data if user purchases services using Paypal.
Ride with GPS: Authentication information stored if user chooses to link account.
Sendinblue: Personal data may be shared for the sole purpose of sending an email to the user.
Strava: Authentication information stored if user chooses to link account.
Stripe: Payment link may contain Stripe cookie.
         Stripe may store personal data if user purchases services using a credit card.
Trailforks: Authentication information stored if user chooses to link account.
MapMyFitness: Authentication information stored if user chooses to link account.
Zendesk: Personal data may be stored if user opens a support ticket with us, or if we initiate a support ticket with the user.
Deletion of your Personal Data
If you wish to stop using our services and want all of your personal data to be deleted,
        please click on the
Delete my account
link on your
Settings
page.
Contacting dynamicWatch
Please email us at
info@dynamic.watch
Back