PRIVACY POLICY
Foreword
This is the privacy policy of  Mechanist Games (Mechanist Games, who owns and operates the Mechanist Games websites as well as the product “Game of Sultans”, is the company that collects the listed information on our sites. Our mailing address is Room 0455, 109 Lot, No.62 North Chengyi Street, Software Park III, Xiamen, China. Our customer service email address is support@mechanist.co.) and any companies within our group (referred to collectively as ""Mechanist"" or ""we""). It applies to all of our websites/services (referred to collectively as ""our websites"") on which it appears.
""Mechanist Product(s)"" is used as shorthand for our online games “Game of Sultans” and its follow-up versions(including versions of IOS/Android/PC/Website ). The ongoing supply of any particular Mechanist Product is not guaranteed.
""Personally Identifiable Information"" is information that identifies you and can be used to contact or locate you in real life, such as (but is not limited to) your real full name, e-mail address, mobile telephone number, postal address or credit card information.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and take special measures to ensure the confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information collected from or about you. This privacy policy explains how we collect, store and use such Personally Identifiable Information.
Please read this policy carefully. You must accept this policy in full in order to use our website or any Mechanist Product. If you do not agree with this policy, or any part, please do not use our websites or any Mechanist Products. Your using any of our websites or Mechanist Products is treated as an acceptance of any of the version of this policy in effect at the time of your use.
We may change this policy at any time, and will post any changes made on the site. Please check it whenever you return to the site. We will treat your continued use of our websites or any Mechanist Product as acceptance of these changes from their effective date as shown above.
Do not use our websites or Mechanist Products until you are satisfied and can accept this policy in its entirety.
If you have any question about this privacy policy, or think Mechanist Games is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact us by e-mail at support@mechanist.co. Please do not use our websites until you are satisfied and can accept this policy in its entirety.
1. What Information will be Collected
To protect your rights, we will only collect your MAC addresses, UUIDs, Serial numbers (Android), ICCIDs (Android), and dynamic IP addresses in certain cases, to help you to check your login history and retrieving your account. Please note that the information collected will not be used for commercial purposes except it is explicitly described in this Privacy Policy or our Services Agreement.
2. When will Your Information be Collected
We collects information when you:
i. Register to use our website, products and/or services;
ii. Complete questionnaires;
iii. Register for contests or giveaways;
iv. Order products and services from us;
v. Subscribe to our newsletters or take part in our promotions, marketing surveys and email campaigns;
vi. Request for customer support and/or other technical services;
vii. Otherwise use our services where personal information is required.
3. How the Information is collected and Stored
We collect and store information which our users voluntarily provide via forms or otherwise on our Mechanist Products, and in electronic or other communications with us.
4. Information about you received from third parties
If you access Mechanist's Products through an integrated and approved third party then you are allowing Mechanist access to certain information from that third party. The information you allow Mechanist to access may vary per Mechanist Product and across different third party platforms and is affected by the privacy settings you have on your computer or internet device and the choices you make with that third party.
By playing a Mechanist Product through a third party site or application you are authorizing Mechanist to collect, store and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the third party could provide to Mechanist through that third party site or application including Personally Identifiable Information.
5. Usage of the information provided/collected
The information we collect may be used:
i. To provide our customer support service, and to verify any claims or requests you make if you use our customer support service.
ii. To enforce our terms and conditions, and prevent or detect hacking activities, security breaches or safety risks in connection with our websites and Mechanist Products.
iii. To send service announcements and messages.
v. For our own internal marketing and demographic studies and to help us improve our websites or the Mechanist Products or to show you adverts on our site which are relevant to your demographic profile.
vi. In the event of an actual or proposed (including as part of negotiations for any) merger, or business combination or sale of substantially all of our assets or a business operation to which such information relates, or as provided under bankruptcy or applicable insolvency laws or by the enforcement of equitable rights.
vii. To disclose information to the extent required by law, court order, as requested by other government, regulatory or law enforcement authority, to protect or assist in protecting our users, systems or the public, or to otherwise enforce legal rights as determined in our sole and absolute discretion.
viii. If you have agreed on our app, to send you email newsletters or announcements about our games, including new game features and special offers.
ix. As set out elsewhere in our privacy policy.
We care about protecting your privacy, and with the exception of the uses specified above or where you explicitly consent, we will not sell, transfer, rent out, share or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to other companies.
6. Transfer your personal information to third Countries
Your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in countries outside your country of residence both in and outside Turkey, and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
You should be aware that the data protection laws of other countries may not be the same as the data protection laws of your country of residence. By submitting your information to Mechanist, you have agreed to the transfer, storage and processing of your personal information as described in this section.
Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to any of your Information which is collected by the external payment provider companies themselves or to the websites or services of other companies to which we link or which link to us, or which provide goods or services to our users from their websites (such as affiliate sites or other sites selling Mechanist Product merchandise). Please note that those companies (and not Mechanist) are responsible for the information which they collect, Mechanist does not responsible for any breach of your privacy caused by the use of goods or services from those companies. Please check their privacy polices where appropriate.
Be very careful before making or posting any communications whilst using Mechanist Products. Certain information is visible to other players of the game including: public and private chat communications, the status of your characters and which alliance you belong to.
If you have agreed on our websites, we may provide your email address to our business partners so that they can send you emails with details of goods or services which may be of interest to you including information about special offers or promotions.
7.Passing Transfer your personal information to third parties
MECHANIST may supply your Personally Identifiable Information to external third parties who provide a service to us (such as fulfilment of orders placed for Mechanist Product merchandise or to assist us in the supply of customer support) and purely for the purpose of that service.
We partner with a number of external payment service provider companies to enable you to make payment via a wide range of payment options. We share your billing information with such companies insofar as is necessary for the processing of your payment or to prevent or detect fraud.
8. Safeguarding your Information
We will only collect Information to the extent we believe it reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and will protect it using the same level of safeguards we use to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of our own equivalent proprietary information. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we transfer any Information in accordance with this policy will agree to provide sufficient protection.
Note that while we strive to protect all our Personally Identifiable Information, we have all heard of data breaches in well-respected financial and governmental institutions and we cannot ever fully guarantee that such breaches will not happen. We will inform you of any material data breaches that we discover that may compromise your Personally Identifiable Information.
9. Privacy Protections for Children
In order to protect the privacy interests of younger Internet users, we do not allow children under the age of 18 to use our services without the consent of their parents or legal guardians. We also provide a number of provisions regarding the personally identifiable information of children. These are that a parent/guardian has the right to review the information the site has collected from their child, have their childs PII deleted from the site and also request us to stop collecting further PII from their child in the future.
To request removal of your child's information, please send us an email (to the address below) and be sure to include in your message the same user name, password, and email address that your child submitted. If your child has used your credit card on our websites without your permission, contact us immediately at support@mechanist.co.
10. How We Manage Your Information
i. Inquiry, Access, Copy, Transfer, Correction, Supplement and Deletion
During your use of Mechanist Games services, we will provide you with corresponding operation settings for managing your personal information according to the specific conditions of each game product, so that you can inquire, access, copy (obtain a copy), transfer, correct, supplement, Delete or withdraw your relevant personal information.
(1)You can inquire and access your basic account information (account avatar, nickname, and other personal information you choose to fill in by clicking [Avatar] - [Account] in the tap game products you use, depending on specific The game setting function shall prevail), game history information (such as game ID, Total Power, Level or game information specific to each product), and correct and supplement your basic account information according to specific circumstances.
(2)If you have any other query, access, copy (obtain a copy), transfer, correction, supplement or deletion, or you have doubts or difficulties in using the corresponding functions of the game product, you can click the customer service icon or [Avatar] - [Support] button to contact customer service, or you can choose to contact us  by e-mail to support_gos@mechanist.co. Once the relevant information is deleted or the account is cancelled, it cannot be recovered, please operate with caution. We will process your request within 15 days.
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, when you correct, supplement, delete your personal information or apply for account cancellation, we may not immediately correct, supplement or delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but we will no longer update the relevant information. process and will correct, supplement or delete this information when the backup is updated. Once the relevant information is deleted or the account is cancelled, it cannot be recovered, please operate with caution.
ii. Open and share
Some features of Sharing allow you to not only expand your social network, but also publicly share information about you with all users who use the feature, for example, the information you upload or post, the information you upload or post to others response to the information. As long as you do not delete the information you have disclosed or shared, the relevant information may remain in the public domain; even if you delete the shared information, the relevant information may still be independently cached, copied or stored by other users or third parties not controlled by us, or kept in the public domain by other users or such third parties. Therefore, we remind and ask you to carefully consider whether to disclose or share your information.
iii. Account cancellation
Due to the particularity of game products, the game account contains your game experience, game level, game virtual items, etc. We provide you with a way to cancel your account. If you meet and agree with the terms of our "Account Deletion Notice" and the relevant laws and regulations, you can :
[1]click the [Avatar] - [Account]
[2][Account Deletion] button to submit the account deletion request.
We will process your request within 15 days.
AFTER YOUR ACCOUNT IS CANCELLED, WE WILL STOP PROVIDING YOU WITH ALL OR PART OF THE Mechanist Games SERVICES, AND WILL DELETE OR ANONYMIZE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCORDING TO YOUR REQUEST, UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY LAWS AND REGULATIONS. ONCE THE RELEVANT INFORMATION IS DELETED OR THE ACCOUNT IS CANCELLED, IT CANNOT BE RECOVERED, PLEASE OPERATE WITH CAUTION.
iv. Change the scope of authorization and consent
You can choose whether to provide us with personal information. You can change the scope of your authorization to continue to collect information or withdraw your authorization by deleting information, turning off device functions, Third-party social media account unbinding,and canceling your account. You can also contact us by clicking the customer service icon or [Avatar] - [Support] button in the game to withdraw the authorization.
When the authorization is withdrawn, we cannot continue to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawn authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding information. However, your decision to withdraw the authorization will not affect the previous information processing based on your authorization.
California
The following section applies to only to residents of California.
Collection and Disclosure of Personal Information
Over the past 12 months, we may have collected and disclosed the following categories of personal information from or about you or your device:
To protect your rights, we will only collect your MAC addresses, UUIDs, Serial numbers (Android), ICCIDs (Android), and dynamic IP addresses in certain cases, to help you to check your login history and retrieving your account. Please note that the information collected will not be used for commercial purposes except it is explicitly described in this Privacy Policy or our Services Agreement.
We collect your personal information for the following purposes:
The purposes for collecting your personal data are described in the section “5. Usage of the information provided/collected” in the privacy policy.
We disclose personal information to the following types of entities:
Other companies within Mechanist who process your personal information in order to operate the Game Services.
Other companies that provide services on our behalf who are prohibited by contract from retaining, using, or disclosing personal information for any purpose other than for providing the services to us.
Regulators, judicial authorities, law enforcement agencies and other third parties where reasonably necessary to comply with a legal obligation; enforce our terms and conditions; detect and prevent fraud or security issues; and to protect ours and others’ rights, property or safety.
Entities that acquire all or substantially all of our business.
In the past 12 months, we have not sold Personal Information of California residents within the meaning of “sold” in the CCPA.
We do not “sell” your personal data with third parties as most people would understand that term. However, we may share your cookie information and advertising identifiers with our third-party advertising platforms to deliver interest-based advertisements, attribute installs and optimize campaign performance. To the extent that practice is considered a “sale” under the CCPA, you may opt out of said sharing by following the steps described in “Opt-out of targeted advertising” in the privacy policy.
Rights under the CCPA
If you are a California resident, you have the right to:
Request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of personal information about you that we collected;
the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
the purpose for collecting personal information about you;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you and the categories of personal information that was disclosed (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the personal information about you; and
the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you;
Request we delete personal information we collected from you, unless CCPA recognizes an exception; and
Be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights including providing a different level or quality of services or denying goods or services to you when you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
We aim to fulfil all verified requests within 45 days pursuant to the CCPA. If necessary, extensions for an additional 45 days will be accompanied by an explanation for the delay.
How to Exercise Your Rights
First, you may wish to log into your account and manage your data from there. If you are a California resident to whom the CCPA applies, you may exercise your rights, if any, to other data by contacting us at support@mechanist.co.
Last Updated: September [1]st, 2020