Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
This Privacy & Cookie Policy applies to information collected and processed via the
www.rivafashion.com
website and mobile application (iOS, Android & other if any) and associated Website customer service channels. We take your privacy much priority and therefore want you to know how your data is collected, used, shared and stored.
Riva Fashion is a family-owned clothing and accessories company founded in Kuwait in 1973. We have grown from a single store into a successful, globally recognized chain that carries a variety of luxury and fast fashion brands. With over 15 brands and 140 stores throughout the Middle East, we offer the latest fashion, accessories, and footwear for women, teenagers, and kids.
By visiting the Website or supplying information through its associated customer service channels, you are consenting to the practices
        described in this Privacy and Cookie Policy and our Website
Terms and
        Conditions
. Please note that our Privacy & Cookie Policy is updated from time
        to time and that you will be bound by the most recent update of the policy appearing on our
        website. It is therefore your responsibility to continue to check our
        Privacy and Cookie Policy for updates.
Customer Details We May Collect
By accessing our website
www.rivafashion.com
and apps, you are indicating your express consent and agreement to the collection, processing, use, and storage in accordance with the privacy policy of any personal information which may be obtained from you as a result.
We collect, process your data for processing your purchase on our Platforms and any possible later claims, and to provide you with our services. We may collect your first name, last name, email address, phone number, mobile number, telephone number, postal address, delivery address (if different), payment details, payment card details, or bank account details.
Please note that your full payment card details are captured only for the purposes of processing your transaction and are not stored, sold or rented by us. Your full payment card details are not available to our staff. All card transactions are managed by trusted, certified and legally authorized partners who are responsible for ensuring that your payment details remain secure during the payment process.
Where you provide the information of a third party to us, you are confirming that you have their consent to do so.
Usage of Customer Information
RIVA never shares your personal information with third parties. We never transfer, sell or trade your data for marketing purposes with any party outside of Riva. However, we may share some customer information with our group of partners, government agencies and authorities when necessary.
For any purpose associated with the processing or fulfilment of your Order or to provide any service you request from us
To verify and execute financial transactions you make through the Website, Apps including procuring credit checks or performing fraud detection
To assist you with your customer service queries or provide information you have requested
To manage your account in Riva.
To provide you with a personalized or improved shopping experience.
For analytical or statistical purposes
For marketing purposes including communicating promotional information about us, our partners and our websites, through newsletters and remarketing ads. This is subject to whether you have opted out of receiving such communications
To improve our services and reach you in better way and on time.
To combine it with information we already hold lawfully through other sources
To protect our rights, safety or the safety of others including for fraud prevention
For any purpose required by law or regulation
Sharing Information
We may share your information with any of the following:
Our ARMADA group companies
Carefully selected third parties with whom we have a relationship and who may contact you or utilize your data only for reasons pre-agreed with us, including marketing
Service providers who perform services on our behalf, such as: payment processing, information technology, Website maintenance, surveys and market research, warehousing and logistics, couriers, advertising and marketing or any service required to process your Order
Our professional services providers such as: legal, audit, financial and insurance advisers
Any assignee, successor operator or prospective purchaser of the Website or of us
Any legal, regulatory, law enforcement, government or municipal bodies
Any gift recipient or provider of any warranty in relation to your Order
Cookies
RIVA use cookies for essential operations such as site navigation, presenting customized ads,
        allowing you to add items to the shopping cart, to provide you the
        ultimate user experience. However, you may
manage cookies
by doing
        the following steps:
Change your browser settings to get notified every time a cookie tries to access your computer.
set your browser to block all or third-party cookies
browse the internet through incognito mode
clear cookies after visiting our website/app.
Please be notified that disabling cookies may prevent or inaccurately display some pages of our website/ app.
        By accepting the terms, you agree to Riva's use of cookies.
Customer Rights
As our customer, you have the following rights regarding the processing of your personal data, in order to use those rights,
a) Right to access:
You have the right to request information about the personal data we hold about you.
b) Right to object:
You have the right to object of processing your personal data.  
            RIVA will not continue to process your personal data unless we can demonstrate either legal claims or legitimate
            grounds for the process which overrides your interest and rights.
c) Right to rectification:
You have the right to request rectification of your
            personal data if the information is incorrect, including the right to complete previous incomplete personal data.
d) Right to restriction:
You have the right to request that RIVA restrict
            the processing of your personal data
e) Right to Delete:
You have the right to delete account with Riva, in this case all
            your personal data processed by RIVA no longer available with us and in case you
            do not have any ongoing matter with Customer Service
Contact us
Please contact RIVA customer support at
wecare@rivafashion.com
or through
        our WhatsApp number +96522216688.
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
RETURNS & EXCHANGES
SHIPPING & DELIVERY
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
RETURNS & EXCHANGES
SHIPPING & DELIVERY
PRIVACY POLICY
Compare Products
Remove This Item
Compare
Clear All
You have no items to compare.
Favorites
Last Added Items
ADD TO BAG
ADD TO BAG
Remove This Item
Go to Favorites
You have no items in your Favorites.
TERMS & CONDITIONS