Bike Routes Privacy Policy
Bike Routes is owned, operated and maintained by Refined Insight Ltd.  Your privacy is critically important to us. Your data is your own and is private. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy contact our support team.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Bike Routes allows you to enter and store route information on your device. No such information is ever automatically transmitted to, collected or stored on a server by Bike Routes or Refined Insight Ltd.  Information you enter into Bike Routes is never transmitted outside of the app unless explicitly exported by yourself either from within the app export feature or as part of a device backup.
Location Data
Bike Routes uses your location data to provide a better user experience for creating routes. This data is only stored on your device, with your consent, and you are free to delete this at any time.
Support Emails and Feedback
If you send us an email to provide feedback or ask a question, we will collect your email address as well as the content of your email in order to communicate with you and send you a reply.  We will never share this information with third parties or use your email address to send you unsolicited emails.
Disclaimer
While we continue to work hard to protect your data, no internet transmission is guaranteed to be totally secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Refined Insight Ltd. Sending personal information is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Refined Insight Ltd may change its Privacy Policy for Bike Routes from time to time, and in Refined Insight Ltd's sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Bike Routes after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Last updated: 28th March 2018
For help and support please email us at
support@refinedinsight.com