Detecht - Privacy Notice
This notice sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your sensitive information and how we will deal with it. For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ('the GDPR'), sensitive information includes what is defined as your 'personal data'.
By visiting www.detecht.se / www.detechtapp.com (the 'Website') or the Detecht mobile application (our 'App') you accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Notice including the processing of your personal data under this lawful basis.
Contacts
Detecht Technologies AB. We are a company registered in Sweden with the Company number 559176-8584 and our registered office is at Gamla Almedalsvägen, 412 63, Västra Götaland, Gothenburg.
In-line with the GDPR, Detecht Technologies AB is the Data Controller.
What Personal Data We Use
We will collect and process the following information about you:
Information you give us – this is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our Website, our App or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you sign up to a subscription through the Website or App. We only request from you the minimum data required for you to use our service.
To sign up to our Services we will ask you for your email, your full name, date of birth and your city. You may also want to upload a profile picture to supplement your account information too.
You will also have the option to supplement your profile by adding medical data to your profile on our App. Adding medical data will allow you to take full advantage of the Services that we offer. This data will be passed securely directly onto the SOS (112) services.
Information we collect about you
Whenever you visit our Website and our App we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information – including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform. Access to your GPS location and other phone sensors (Acceleration 3 axis, Gyroscope 3 axis, Speed and connected timestamps) is an essential part of the Services that we deliver and therefore we will also collect this from you.
information about your visit – this includes the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time), pages you have visited, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain page and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs).
Information we receive from other sources
This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this Website. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies). We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Why We Collect Your Personal Data
We mainly collect your personal information to provide you a valuable and secure user experience of our products and services. The collected information will be used to (i) develop existing and future products and services, (ii) improve and personalize the services and products by tailoring content, features and advertisement, (iii) contact you with service messages and if there are material changes in the offerings, e.g. cancelations, (iv) deliver and administrate the services or products ordered, e.g. provide geographical location and any medical information you choose to include to the emergency service as part of our detections application, (v) managing and sending out our newsletter and (vi) fulfilling contractual obligation and compliance management, e.g. accounting, breach of Terms and Use, adherence to chatroom guidelines and reporting of wrongful use and (vii) feed-back to improve our services.
We monitor compliance with the Terms of Use or other applicable terms and conditions by (i) checking postings or submissions in connection with your use of the Services, (ii) retaining forum or chat room exchanges, and (iii) using keyword triggers to investigate usage that may be inappropriate; and/orwhere you are a prize winner, to administer the prize and to publish or otherwise make available a list of prize winners.
We also continually aggregate data for internal and external development, this information contains no personal identifiers. We compile statistics about user trends on our Website and App, which are used by third party organisations to understand how users interact with businesses, brands and one another online and to advise about these things. These statistics are drawn from a dataset which does not contain any information from which you can be identified.
We mainly process personal information about you based on the performance of a contract to which you are part. We also process your email address to the newsletter, based on consented. Lastly, we process your identifiers as part security, development, optimization reasons, based on legitime interest.
With Whom We Share Your Personal Data
Where we hold and what we do with your information
The information and content held on our Website is deployed geographically to maximise user experience. All information that could identify individuals within the European Union is stored exclusively within the European Union. We will never share your user information with third parties for promotional purposes.
Our website is hosted by WordPress. We remain responsible at all times for the security of your information, but if you want to know more about how we interact with WordPress you can view their Privacy Notice, amongst their other policies here.
Our email marketing is delivered to you by MailChimp and you can view more information about MailChimp and how they handle personal data by visiting their website here.
We may also disclose your information to third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Notice.
What we do to ensure the security of your personal information
We take the security of your personal data very seriously. Our approach to information security is constantly evolving and continually reviewed.
We have adopted industry best practices from both technological and business process perspectives in order to make the security of your data a key part of the way we do business.
All our customer data and data collected through the Website or the App is stored on our SSL secured servers.
We have policies and practices in place that ensure our compliance under the GDPR, including training and adequate procedures put in place for any staff that handle or have access to sensitive information
How Long We Store Your Personal Data
At Detecht we have procedures in place to regularly review every months what personal data we hold. If you have not interacted with us or accessed our services during this or the subsequent period then we will delete your personal data from our systems, but will send you an email first informing you of our intention to do so. Of course, you have the right to be forgotten at any point and can find out more about this in the 'Access to Information' section above.
Use of the collected personal information
Any of the collected information may be used for the following and similar purposes in compliance with your preferences:
to provide, manage and develop the Services and products and related advertising;
to provide user and technical support; and monitor compliance with the Service terms and conditions;
to contact you and send you service messages, invitations, and other social networking messages; promotional material or special offers, free newsletters or e-mails in order to share information about the products and services of Detecht and its marketing partners and advertisers;
to monitor and analyze the use of the Service, and use profiling in order to improve, optimize and personalize the Service, content and advertisements according to your interests and actions in the Service.
to arrange contests, sweepstakes, price draws, surveys and votings
Your Rights
You have the right to find out about what information we hold about you. You can exercise that right by contacting us and we will send you any request for information in a suitable electronic form within 20 working days. To make a request for information please contact info@detecht.se and a member of our team will be in touch.
If your personal data is incorrect then you have the right to rectify this information and ensure that it is accurate and up to date. If your data is incorrect then please contact us at the email address above and a member of the team will rectify this on your behalf.
You have the right 'to be forgotten' and to have your personal identifiable information permanently deleted from our systems. Again, if you would like to exercise this right then please contact us at info@detecht.se or open the Detecht in to the App, go to profile in the navigation bar. Click on Settings and choose delete user data.
There will be no charge made for reasonable electronic access to your information, your right to rectification or for your right to be forgotten from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent
The data subject has the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before withdrawal (art. 13.2.c GDPR)
How to Complain
If you have any concerns about the way we use your information or any questions about this Privacy Notice, please let us know. We can be contacted via email at info@detecht.se or you can write to us at the address above or contact us using our Website www.detecht.se / www.detechtapp.com.
By visiting www.detecht.se / www.detechtapp.com (the 'Website') or the Detecht mobile application (our 'App') you accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Notice including the processing of your personal data under this lawful basis.
Miscellaneous
To control and turn push notifications on or off on mobile, open the Detecht app and tap on Profile in the navigation bar. Click on settings and notifications to control the notifications you would like to receive.
You can amend all of your communication preferences at any time through the App.
Our Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates (including, but not limited to, websites on which our service may be advertised). If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites and any services that may be accessible through them have their own privacy policies and that we are not responsible or liable for these policies or for any personal data that may be collected through these websites or services, such as contact and location data. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or use these services.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Notice in the future will be posted on this page. The new terms may be displayed on-screen and you may be required to read and accept them to continue your use of our Website and App.
Our Cookie Policy
If you'd like to manage you use of cookies or completely turn off cookies then you can find out how to do so by using the link here. Please note that if you do limit of block cookie use on our Website the functionality of both the Website and our services will be effected.
Our Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the Website, you agree and consent to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
As part of our overall approach to privacy and transparency, this section describes what cookies are in the context of our web and mobile interfaces, and what their use means to you. At the end, we've included some links to help you research cookies and their impact, and how you can use your web browser to control the way it manages cookies.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies – these are cookies that are required for the operation of our Website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-payment system.
Analytical/performance cookies – these allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our Website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies – these are used to recognise you when you return to our Website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies – these cookies record your visit to our Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose but these cookies will contain no information capable of identifying you personally to us.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use below:
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to understand general trends about our content and traffic sources; for example, where users come from, which pages are most popular, which sites provide most traffic, how our marketing efforts impact the amount of visits we receive.
Google's statement about privacy can be found here.
Facebook button
We use Facebook button to allow you to share out platform with your friends and other Facebook users. Facebook's statement about privacy relating their Connect feature is here and also here.
LinkedIn button
We use a LinkedIn button to allow you to share our platform and the services we offer with your connections. LinkedIn's information about privacy can be found here.
Instagram button
We use an Instagram button to allow you to easily follow our Instagram account. You can find out more about how Instagram handle your personal data by visiting their statement on Privacy here.
More information about cookies
Still don't know what cookies are? Then why not follow the link conveniently located here which provides more information about what they are and how they work.