Service Agreement for 1byone Smart Platform
Before accepting this Agreement, thoroughly read all contents of the Agreement and fully understand its terms. Please contact the 1byone business department if you have any questions about the terms of this Agreement. You may not use the Service until you read and accept all the terms, protocols and rules of this Agreement. Once you have chosen to “Agree and Submit an Agreement” and complete the registration process or if you use the Service in any way, you are deemed to have read and agreed to the limitations of above Agreement and rules. In the event of a breach of this Agreement, 1byone is entitled to unilaterally restrict, suspend or terminate the Service and has the right to investigate your liability.
This Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as “the Agreement”) is signed by you and Shenzhen 1byone Technology Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “1byone”). It includes (but is not limited to) the Privacy Policy of 1byone Smart Platform and other contents. In case of changes to the Agreement, 1byone will announce such change on its official website without further notification. Upon announcement, the changed Agreement and rules become a part to the Agreement automatically, without further notification to you for your consent. In case of objection to such relevant changes, stop use immediately of 1byone's Service; continued use of the Service will be deemed as you holding no objections to the changed rules and are in agreement to abide by them.
1. Definition of Terms
1.1 Licensed software refers to the software system developed by 1byone, downloaded from the platform, and installed and applied in specified system mobile terminals.
1.2 Services refer to services provided to you by Shenzhen 1byone Technology Co., Ltd. You can use such services on the mobile terminal with the licensed software.
2. Services
2.1 1byone offers you intelligent equipment management services, including intelligent equipment management, data upload and reports analysis, etc.
2.2 Permission: READ_PHONE_STATE,Read device identification for data statistical analysis.VIBRATE,Used for alarm reminders.CAMERA,Take photos to change the avatar and others.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION/ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION,Based on Bluetooth function above Android 6.0 Normal use must open positioning permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE/WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE,Allows the App to read the images, files and other content in the storage for you to post comments and other functions.BLUETOOTH,App needs to connect to a Bluetooth device for writing and saving information.Tencent Bugly,Quickly locate application product problems and restore Crash scenarios.
3. Scope of Services
3.1 1byone grants you the right to use the product based on this software.
3.2 It is prohibited to sell, rent, transfer, issue products in any form, or use the products for other commercial purposes.
3.3 You can only use the licensed software on authorized system platforms and terminals; if you install the licensed software on other illegal terminals, your hardware or software features may be damaged.
3.4 You acknowledge that the licensed software may only be used for non-commercial purposes. If such commercial operations are required, prior written authorization and permission from 1byone is required.
3.5 1byone may change, upgrade or transfer the licensed software or relevant features from time to time and may add new features or services to the licensed software.
3.6 You are responsible for the accuracy, reliability, integrity and legality of the input data and legality of the way you obtain the data, and should back up data and information from time to time. You shall bear risks for damage and loss of such information.
3.7 You should keep your account and password safe. In case of any security vulnerabilities in your account (including but not limited to divulgence of user passwords), you should promptly notify 1byone and 1byone will assist you in taking relevant measures. Otherwise, all actions related to your account will be borne by you and you will be responsible for all.
4. Third Parties
4.1 You acknowledge and agree that certain service from 1byone is based on software or services provided by a third party. Such service is set to facilitate your application and necessary legal authorization is obtained from the third party.
4.2 Products include certain information and services from third parties and 1byone neither controls nor is responsible for third party information and services.
5. Service Application
5.1 You should use the licensed software in a normal, appropriate way. The following practices violate the application’s criteria:
1) Releasing computer viruses, worms, malicious code or software that intentionally damages or alters computer systems or data;
2) Collecting other users’ information or data without authorization, such as email addresses.
3) Maliciously using the product in an automatic manner, causing the server to be overloaded, or disrupting or damaging the web server and/or network links in other ways.
4) Attempting without authorization to access server data or communication data of the product.
5.2 You understand and agree that:
1) 1byone will determine if you are in violation of the above criteria, and suspend or terminate your application license based on the results of the determination or enforce other restrictions under the agreement.
2) 1byone will directly delete information that violates the law.
6. Exception Clause
6.1 You understand that 1byone will not assume responsibility for any direct or indirect losses caused by force majeure and third party defaults.
6.2 You have been informed that use of the 1byone Smart Platform involves Internet services and may be affected by unstable factors in all links. Although 1byone has taken safeguards, due to inherent flaws of the Internet and electronic communications and factors beyond the reasonable control of any party, the service may be suspended, terminated, delayed, subject to application restrictions or application failures (including but not limited to fires, floods, terrorist attacks, plagues, natural disasters, riots, terminal viruses, hacking, network failures and terminal failures). You hereby agree to assume the above risks and agree that 1byone is free from any responsibility when normal running services are influenced by above risks and factors.
7. 1byone Platform Privacy Policy
7.1 You have purchased our equipment hardware and started using the 1byone software and all features! Any information you share with us (such as creating a 1byone account) will help us provide you with services related to 1byone devices and improve them. We will explain here how we collect and use information and how we protect your privacy. In this Privacy Policy, “personal data” refers to information that can be used to identify individuals, and we collect personal and non-personal data to provide the best possible user experience.
7.2 What information do we collect and how do we use it?
In order to provide you with services, we will ask you to provide the necessary personal data for these services. If you do not provide personal data, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services.
7.3 1byone account information
Personal data collected when creating a 1byone account may include, for example, your email address or mobile number. This information helps to activate, manage and access 1byone services. Your nickname, gender, age, profile photo, country and time zone will be associated with your account so you can easily access our products and services.
1) User device information
Your device model, operating system, unique device identifier, IP address, 1byone software version number, access type and model number will be collected. All this is basic information.
2) Device information
All smart device information will be collected so that you can control them via the application software or remotely.
3) Picture/Video
Pictures or videos from your camera will be collected and used to provide you with mobile monitoring and alerting services.
4) Feedback
We will receive your feedback or suggestions anytime and anywhere so that your problem and issue will be resolved in time.
5) Infrared information
Your infrared remote control information will be collected, which will allow you to control other infrared device via the application software.
6) Body fat data
When using the body fat scale, your body data such as height, weight, body fat, BMI and muscle mass will be collected.
7) Blood pressure data
When using the smart blood pressure monitor, your blood pressure data will be collected.
8) Blood oxygen data
When using the smart oximeter, your SpO2, pulse rate, and PI (Perfusion Index) data will be collected.
9) Sports data
When using the smart bracelet, the number of steps, calories burned and sleep data will be collected.
7.4 Personal Data Use
You can use the content we collect to control the smart devices you have purchased from us.
To provide you with our products and services, to process your orders, to fulfill your contractual obligations with us, to ensure the functionality and safety of our products, to verify your identity, and to prevent and track fraud or improper use;
To get in touch with you, including notifications about updated products and services;
To provide you with marketing and promotional materials about our products and services (please note that you can unsubscribe at any time);
To provide you with personalized product designs and tailor-made services, such as recommending and displaying product information and advertisements and inviting you to participate in an experience survey about your use experience of 1byone products;
To provide maintenance services and to monitor software licenses so as to improve our products or analyze our operational efficiency.
If you participate in our lotteries, contests or other promotions, we may use your personal data to manage such events.
7.5 Who do we share your information with?
7.5.1 Unless we tell you in this privacy policy, we will keep your personal information confidential. In each case described in this section, you can be rest assured that 1byone will only share your personal data with your consent. You should be aware that when 1byone shares your personal data with third parties under any of the circumstances described in this section, 1byone will ensure that third parties comply with the practices and obligations of the relevant data protection and privacy laws in your country.
7.5.2 About other Health-focused Mobile Apps, Such as Apple Health, Fitbit and Google fit
With your consent, we may share your profile information and data collected from your connected devices with other health-focused mobile applications installed on your mobile device to help you track your health and wellness information. If you share your information with these apps, your personal information, including your health information, will be used in accordance with those apps own privacy policies, not this one.
7.6 Disclosure of information to 1byone group companies and third party service providers
In order to conduct business smoothly, 1byone entities that collect your personal data may disclose your personal data from time to time to 1byone group companies (communications, social media, technology or cloud services) or third party service providers. This includes, but is not limited to, our mail companies, delivery service providers, telecommunications companies, data centers, data storage facilities and customer service providers, agents, related companies and/or other third parties (collectively referred to as “third party service providers”). Such third party service providers will process your personal data on behalf of 1byone for one or more of the above purposes.
Personal data is only shared by 1byone to provide or improve our products or services and will not be shared for marketing purposes.
7.7 Disclosure to Others
1byone may disclose your personal data without further consent if required or permitted by law in the following cases:
Cases in which the disclosure is required or authorization is based on applicable laws and/or regulations;cases in which the disclosure is necessary to respond to an emergency that threatens the life, health or safety of the individual or other individuals;cases in which the disclosure is necessary for the prevention of crime or for legal proceedings;cases in which the purpose of such disclosure is clearly in the individual’s interests, and if consent cannot be obtained in a timely way;cases in which the disclosure is necessary for any investigation or proceedings;cases in which the disclosure is to a public agency and such disclosure is necessary in the public interest.
7.8 Other Information
We use statistical data that does not specifically identify you (non-personal data) to help in our operations and improve our products and services and provide a better user experience for you. Here is some of the non-personal data we may collect and how we use them:
When you use our services or functions that are based on location information, e.g. carrying out a location search, taking advantage of advertising, using weather functions, accessing information based on maps, etc., we may collect your geographical information.When you use our website, online services, interactive applications, email messages and advertisements, we may use cookies and other technical elements to collect and store non-personal data. These enable us to provide you with a better experience and improve our overall service quality, e.g. saving your preferred language settings and/or sending emails in a readable format to check whether the emails have been opened or not, etc.When you use the Internet browser in using our products and services, we may collect log information, e.g. IP address, browser type, language, reference source, operating system, date and time marking and click rate data. When you first use and activate your 1byone device, the device’s unique identification code and approximate geographical information may be collected.
7.9 Deleting Information
You can contact us at ushelp@1byone.com to delete your personal information.You can also delete your personal information through the “Termination Account” feature in the application’s settings menu.
7.10 User Options
Before you agree to or otherwise use the services provided by 1byone, you have confirmed that you have read, understood and accepted all contents of this Privacy Policy. Once you use this service, you are deemed to have agreed to all the provisions of this personal information policy. If you do not agree to this Personal Information Policy, you may not use the services we provide.
7.11 Information Security
We will take precautions to protect your personal information from loss, theft and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. In order to ensure the security of your personal information, our company has strict information security regulations and procedures, and has a dedicated information team to strictly implement the above measures within the company.
7.12 Information Retention Period
We will retain your information for the period required to achieve the purposes specified in this Personal Information Protection Policy.
7.13 Complaints and Feedback
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Personal Information Policy or data processing, please let us know at ushelp@1byone.com.
7.14 Policy Update
We may amend and update this policy at any time and post a notice on the website 30 days in advance. If you continue to use the services of the 1byone platform on the date when the revised update is officially effective, you will be deemed to agree to our revised update.
7.15 Legal Application and Jurisdiction
This policy is formulated in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China and is governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China.