Privacy Policy
September 20, 2024
Bingo Casino Games ("Our Company," "We," "Data Controller") is dedicated to safeguarding the privacy of our users ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy explains how Bingo Casino Games handles, collects, stores, and protects your data when you use our app on media platforms (collectively referred to as the "Services"). Please be aware that this Privacy Policy only applies to the information we collect through your use of the Service. By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
We may update this Privacy Policy periodically, and we encourage you to review it regularly for any changes. Updates will be posted here and will take effect immediately. Regularly checking this page ensures you are always informed about what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we share it with others.
Please read this policy thoroughly to understand our practices for processing and storing your personal information. By accessing and using our Services, you acknowledge and agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The categories of personal information we collect depend on whether you are a user or visitor, and the requirements of applicable law.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US.
Your Communications with Us.
We collect personal information from you such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, request customer or technical support, apply for a job or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys.
We may contact you to participate in surveys.  If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
Social Media Content.
We may offer social media pages. Any content you provide on these channels will be considered “public” and is not subject to privacy protections.
Account Creation with Third-Party Partners:
While you don't need to create a user account with Luckyo Limited to use our Services, including playing our mobile games, please note you may need to create a user account with our third-party partners for use of certain in-app features. When you create such an account, our third-party partners may collect certain personal information about you such as your name, email address, and payment information. Please refer to our third-party partners' Privacy Policy for more information on the use and collection of the personal information you provide them.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY OR FROM OTHERS
Automatic Data Collection.
We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services.  This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the Services.  Information we collect may be associated with accounts and other devices as appropriate based on the functionality of the Services.
In addition, we may automatically collect information related to your use of our Services, including gameplay data such as the number of games you play per day, the types of content you interact with, and the frequency and duration of your activities.
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based Advertising technologies.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“
Technologies
”) to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services.
Cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed in visitors' computer browsers to store their preferences.  Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies.  However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about users' engagement on that web page. The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
Analytics.
We may also use Google Analytics and other service providers to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
You can opt out of Google's collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to:
Fulfil our contract with you and provide you with our Services
, such as:
Managing your user information;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
Communicating with you about your activities on our Services and policy changes;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device;
Providing advertising, analytics and marketing services;
Providing Services on behalf of our users, such as providing customer service, and verifying user information.
Analyze and improve our Services pursuant to our legitimate interes
, such as:
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services and short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads;
Undertaking research for technological development and demonstration;
Researching and developing products, services, marketing or security procedures to improve their performance, resilience, reliability or efficiency;
Improving, upgrading or enhancing our Services or device;
Developing new products and Services;
Ensuring internal quality control;
Verifying your identity and preventing fraud;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Enforcing our terms and policies;
Complying with our legal obligations, protecting your vital interest, or as may be required for the public good.
Provide you with additional content and Services
, such as:
Furnishing you with customized materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance activities;
Other purposes you consent to, are notified of, or are disclosed when you provide personal information.
Use De-identified and Aggregated Information.
We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.
Share Content with Friends or Colleagues.
Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral services. Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.
How We Use Automatic Collection Technologies.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to automatically collect information through the Services.  Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary.
This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our functionality;
Performance Related.
We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use the Services;
Functionality Related.
We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed;
Advertising or Targeting Related.
We may use first party or third-party Technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third party sites.
Notice Regarding Third Party Websites, Social Media Platforms and Software Development Kits.
The Services may contain links to other websites or applications, and other websites or applications may reference or link to our website or other Services.  These other websites are not controlled by us.  We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact.  We do not endorse, screen or approve and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
Our Services may include social media pages. By using such Services, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes. In addition, social media buttons such as Facebook (that might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini-programs) may be on our websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites. Your interactions with these features apart from your visit to our websites are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
We may use third party APIs and software development kits (“
SDKs
”) as part of the functionality of our Services.  APIs and SDKs may allow third parties including analytics and advertising partners to collect your personal information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and content that is more relevant to you.  For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth below.
3. HOW TO DELETE YOUR INFORMATION.
If you want to request to review, delete, or change the information we have about you; request that we no longer make active use of your information; or if you have additional questions, please send an email to us at ukbingo.support@luckybingo.xyz with your request and identifying information in the body of the email, including your first name, last name, e-mail address or login name you use to access our Application and Services. We will respond to your email as soon as possible. Please note that certain records, for example those relating to payments or customer service matters, will be held for legal and accounting purposes. If you have previously allowed us to access your precise geolocation data or receive push notifications through your device, you can stop making precise geolocation available to us or receiving push notifications by visiting your mobile device's settings for the relevant Application or in some cases, through the Application itself.
4. DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.
Except as provided below, we do not share, disclose, or sell your personal information.
Service Providers.
We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers.  The categories of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services.
Business Partners.
We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services. In such cases, our business partner's name will appear along with ours.
Affiliates.
We may share personal information with our affiliated companies.
Advertising Partners.
Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).  We may also combine and share such information and other information (such as demographic information) with third party advertising partners.  These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising”.  We may allow access to other data collected by the Services to share information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.  If you prefer not to share your personal information with third party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below in Section IV “Your Choices”.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others.
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others' rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
International Data Transfers.
You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
5. YOUR CHOICES.
General.
You have certain choices about your personal information.  Where you have consented to the processing of your personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and prevent further processing by contacting us as described below.  Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non- personal information regarding your activities on our Services and for other legal purposes as described above.
Email and Telephone Communications.
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails.  Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested.  We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy).
We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law.
Mobile Devices.
We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. We may also collect location-based information if you use our mobile applications. You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track.”
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers.  Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising.
You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits.  The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs.  You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
,
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
,
https://youradchoices.ca/choices
, and
www.aboutads.info/choices/
. To separately make choices for mobile apps on a mobile device, you can download DAA's AppChoices application from your device's app store.  Alternatively, for some devices you may use your device's platform controls in your settings to exercise choice.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.  Advertisements on third party websites that contain the AdChoices link may have been directed to you based on information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites.  These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt out of the advertising partners' use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.
Your Privacy Rights.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Access to/Portability of Personal Information
about you consistent with legal requirements. In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic personal information transferred to another party.
Request Correction
of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.  In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information or we may refer you to the controller of your personal information who is able to make the correction.
Request Deletion
of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
Request restriction of or object to
processing of your personal information, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, as applicable.
6. DATA RETENTION.
We store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
7. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION.
Bingo Casino Games takes step to ensure the information you share with us is under full protection and we will not reveal to any other parties without your consent. We take appropriate precautions to protect our users' information. We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. And these measures vary based upon the sensitivity of your information. These measures include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security to guard against unauthorized access to database systems where we store user data.
To play our game, you can either as a Guest or with Facebook account. As a Facebook player, you shall connect to your Facebook account and enter our game. As a Guest player, you can enter the game directly without a password. So we do not have or save any kind of credentials like passwords.
If you access our game through Facebook and your Facebook account is blocked, removed, hacked or otherwise compromised, you may lose the access to your bound Bingo Win account. Therefore, be careful to keep your social network account secure including user name, password and email address.
When you use Facebook connect, public profile data is transferred from your Facebook profile to our app. The data transmitted by Facebook may be stored and processed by us for the purpose of providing our services. You can Remove App from Facebook if you want to disconnect our app from Facebook.
We will never ask for access to your personal social network like Facebook. Please log out of your account after using and do not click on any suspicious links or share your Facebook password with anyone to avoid hacking.
If you access our game as a guest player, there's no other access to your account but using your device. Once the device is changed, a new guest account will be generated. Your user account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. We use security techniques to protect your data against unauthorized access. However, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. We cannot guarantee unauthorized breaches will never occur. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered completely secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
8. Children's Privacy (COPPA Compliance)
Our services are not designed for individuals under the age of 12. We do not intentionally collect personal information from children under 12. If you believe we have mistakenly collected such information, please contact us right away at ukbingo.support@luckybingo.xyz, and we will take prompt action to remove it.
9. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
If you are a resident of California, the CCPA grants you the following rights regarding your personal information:
Right to Non-Discrimination:
You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Right to Opt-Out:
You have a right to opt out from future sales or sharing of personal information as those terms are defined by the CCPA.
Right to Delete:
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information that we have collected, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Know:
You have the right to request details about the personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, if applicable.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at ukbingo.support@luckybingo.xyz. We will respond to your request in accordance with the GDPR requirements.
10. Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) Rights
If you are a resident of Virginia, the VCDPA provides you with the following rights:
Right to Access:
You have the right to request access to the personal information we hold about you.
Right to Correct:
You have the right to request the correction of inaccurate or incomplete personal information.
Right to Delete:
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information when it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or if you withdraw your consent.
Right to Data Portability:
You have the right to request a copy of your personal information in a portable and readily usable format.
Right to Opt-Out:
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information or the processing of your data for targeted advertising purposes.
Right to Appeal:
If we deny your request to exercise any of these rights, you have the right to appeal our decision.
To exercise any of these rights or to appeal a decision, please contact us at ukbingo.support@luckybingo.xyz. We will respond to your request or appeal in accordance with the VCDPA requirements.
11. GDPR Rights for EU Residents
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU), you have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
Right to Access:
You can request to see the personal information we hold about you and obtain a copy of it.
Right to Rectification:
You can ask us to correct or update any inaccurate or incomplete personal information.
Right to Erasure:
You can request the deletion of your personal information when it is no longer needed for the purposes it was collected, or if you withdraw your consent for processing.
Right to Restrict Processing:
You can ask us to limit the processing of your personal information in certain situations, such as when you dispute its accuracy or object to its use.
Right to Data Portability:
You can receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and transfer it to another data controller.
Right to Object:
You can object to the processing of your personal information based on your specific circumstances, including for direct marketing purposes.
Rights Related to Automated Decision-Making:
You have the right not to be subjected to decisions made solely through automated processing, including profiling, that have legal or significant effects on you.
Right to Complain:
You can file a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding our collection and use of your personal data.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at ukbingo.support@luckybingo.xyz. We will respond to your request in accordance with the GDPR requirements.
12. Rights of Residents in Brazil under LGPD
If you are a resident of Brazil, the General Data Protection Law (LGPD) grants you the following rights:
Right to Access:
You have the right to request access to the personal information we hold about you and to obtain a copy of that information.
Right to Rectification:
You have the right to request the correction or update of inaccurate or incomplete personal information.
Right to Erasure:
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information when it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or if you withdraw your consent on which the processing is based.
Right to Restrict Processing:
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information under certain circumstances.
Right to Data Portability:
You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to transmit that information to another data controller.
Right to Object:
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information on grounds related to your particular situation, including processing for direct marketing purposes.
Rights Related to Automated Decision:
You have the right not to be subject to decisions based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at ukbingo.support@luckybingo.xyz. We will respond to your request in accordance with the LGPD requirements.
13. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We process your personal data in accordance with the requirements set forth by applicable data protection laws. The legal bases for our processing activities are as follows:
1.Consent
We may process your personal data when you have provided explicit consent for a specific purpose. This includes situations where you sign up for newsletters, participate in promotional activities, or agree to receive marketing communications from us. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at ukbingo.support@luckybingo.xyz. However, please note that withdrawing consent may affect your ability to use certain features or services.
2.Contractual Necessity
Processing your personal data is often necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party. For instance, when you register for an account, make a purchase, or utilize our services, we process your data to manage your account, process transactions, provide customer support, and deliver the requested services. Without this processing, we would not be able to fulfill our contractual obligations to you.
3.Legal Obligation
We may be required to process your personal data to comply with legal obligations imposed on us by applicable laws, regulations, or governmental authorities. This can include obligations related to tax compliance, financial reporting, record-keeping, and responding to lawful requests from public authorities. We ensure that any data processing conducted under this basis is done in accordance with the relevant legal requirements.
4.Legitimate Interests
We may process your personal data based on our legitimate interests, provided that such processing does not override your fundamental rights and freedoms. Our legitimate interests include the following:
Fraud Prevention and Security:
We process data to monitor, prevent, and detect fraudulent activity, unauthorized access, and other forms of misuse of our services. This helps us safeguard your account and our platform.
Service Improvement:
We analyze user behavior and feedback to enhance the functionality, performance, and user experience of our services. This includes conducting research and analysis to better understand user preferences and trends.
Marketing and Advertising:
We may use your data to personalize and deliver targeted marketing communications, promotions, and advertisements that are relevant to your interests. This allows us to provide you with a more tailored experience.
Business Operations:
We process data to support our day-to-day business operations, including managing customer relationships, optimizing our services, and conducting market research.
5.Public Task
In some circumstances, we may process your personal data to perform a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us. This may apply in situations where data processing is necessary for regulatory compliance, public health and safety, or other matters of public interest.
14. Updates to This Policy
We are committed to ensuring that our Privacy Policy remains current and reflective of our data practices. As such, we reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes to the policy will take effect immediately upon being posted within our app or on our website.
1.Notification of Changes
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you through prominent means, such as an in-app notification, email communication, or an update notice on our website. We encourage you to review these notifications to stay informed about how your data is being used.
2.Continued Use of Services
By continuing to use our services after any changes to this Privacy Policy are posted, you agree to those changes. If you do not accept the updated policy, please stop using our services and contact us to discuss any concerns you may have.
3.Periodic Review
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to stay updated on our data protection practices. This will help you understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information, as well as your rights regarding that information.
If you have any questions or concerns about changes to this Privacy Policy or how your personal data is handled, please reach out to us at ukbingo.support@luckybingo.xyz. We're here to help and address any queries you might have.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at ukbingo.support@luckybingo.xyz.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語