Kami Vision Privacy Policy
Kami Vision, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last updated & Effective Date: January 1, 2023
This Privacy Policy explains how information is collected, used, and disclosed by Kami Vision, Inc. (“Kami Vision”) in order to provide its customers smart security solutions (“Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information collected when you use or access our online websites (“Site(s)”), our mobile apps (collectively “Mobile Apps”), or purchase products (“Goods”).  These Sites include: www.kamihome.com; www.kamistore.eu; www.yitechnology.com; www.forum.yitechnology.com; www.store.yitechnology.com. The Mobile Apps include: Kami Home, Yi Home, Yi IoT, YI Smart, and Yi Life. Our provisioning of the Site(s), the Mobile Apps, and the Goods are collectively referred to herein as the Services.
What Information & Why
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve, and protect our Services as described below:
Kami Home Store & Yi Home Store:
Account Information for purchase of Goods.
When you set up an account to purchase our Goods, you will be required to provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, password and shipping address. Your payment information such as credit card information and billing address will be collected by our trusted third-party payment provider(s). You will also agree to the terms of service that govern your purchase of Goods (“Terms of Service”). We use this information to process and fulfill orders, and to send emails to confirm your order status, shipment, and sales refunds.
Guest Check-Out for purchase of Goods.
If you order Goods as a guest (without creating an account), we will use your information such as name, email address, and shipping address to process and fulfill orders, and to send emails to confirm your order status and shipment. Your payment information such as credit card information and billing address will be collected by our trusted third-party payment provider. You will also agree to the terms of service that govern your purchase of Goods (“Terms of Service”). We use this information to process and fulfill orders, and to send emails to confirm your order status, shipment, and sales refunds.
Marketing.
We may collect your personal information in order to provide you with free of charge marketing related materials and/or opportunities to participate in contests or promotions. If you do not wish to receive such marketing materials from Kami Vision via email, then click the “unsubscribe” button on the bottom of the email, for communication via postal mail, contact us at
privacy@kamivision.com
.
Product Reviews.
We post product reviews of our customers on our Site who voluntarily agree to participate.
Usage, Device and Log Information.
We collect information about you when you access and use the Site or purchase of Goods including your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, access times, browser type and language, Web pages you visit, device information, and other actions you take, in order to provide and improve our Services, as well as to develop new Services.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
We may use various technologies to collect information, which includes cookies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve the Services and your experience. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the full functionality of this Site. Learn more about the Site’s and Apps cookies
here
.
Collection and Use of Aggregate Information.
We may use aggregate information (not containing personal information) to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements, and gather broad demographic information on aggregate use.
Kami Home & Yi Home Community Forum (“Forum Sites”):
Personal information that also may be collected and processed on the community Forum Sites includes name, email, IP addresses, and any User Content that the customer chooses to upload. We use this information to provide the Forum Sites’ Services.
Kami Home, YI Home, YiIoT, YI Smart, & Yi Life Mobile apps (collectively “Mobile Apps”):
Account Set up. When you set up your account to access the Services, you will be required to provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, and physical address (for certain services). We use this information to provide you our Services.
Kami Home & Yi Home camera setup:
When you use the Kami Home and/or Yi Home Cameras to access the Services, you provide Kami Vision with user recorded video (“User Content”) which may contain personal information. Kami Vision processes this personal information (including User Content) in order to provide you the Services. We may process User Content for research and development purposes including algorithmic training and development in order to improve our Services.
Biometric Data. If you choose to use feature(s) that process biometric data (e.g. facial recognition), such biometric data is governed by the terms found
here
.
With Whom?
Service Providers:
Kami Vision uses certain trusted third parties to provide certain services for our business purposes including website hosting, data analytics, email marketing, processing payments for the purchase of goods, IT services, order fulfillment, customer support, sales refunds, professional security monitoring, emergency service monitoring and reporting, and customer service. These third parties will access your personal information only to provide the Services on our behalf.
Compliance with Laws:
We may disclose your personal information to a third party if (a) we believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (b) to enforce our agreements or policies, (c) to protect the security or integrity of the Services from harm or illegal activities; (d) to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person; or (e) to any other third party with your prior written consent.
Business Transfers:
We may share or transfer your personal information in connection with, or during the negotiations of, any merger, sale of Kami Vision assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of the business to another Kami Vision.
Your Right to Control and Access Your Personal Information
Your Account:
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your online account and modifying your information or by emailing us at
privacy@kamivision.com
.
Retention Policy:
We will retain your Personal Information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy unless a longer period is required for legal or compliance purposes. Please note that in many situations we must retain all, or a portion, of your personal information to comply with our legal obligations; resolve disputes; enforce our agreements; protect against fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity; or for another one of our business purposes.
Do Not Track.
Some browsers offer a “do not track” (“DNT”) option. We do not respond to DNT signals.
EU & UK Users.
EU and UK users have several rights with respect to their personal data including the following: (i) the right to be informed (ii) the right of access; (iii) the right of rectification; (iv) the right of erasure; (v) the right to restrict processing; (vi) the right of data portability; (vii) the right to object to processing; and (viii) the rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling. EU users also have the right to lodge a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information by notifying their EU (or UK) supervisory authority. Kami Vision’s legal bases for collecting and processing EU or UK users’ personal data is performance of a contract and/or consent. Your personal data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and in other countries. Therefore, your personal data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. We have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your personal data is transferred. Please feel free to contact us regarding this or any other EU or UK data subject right at
privacy@kamivision.com
if you have any questions about these rights.
California Consumers.
California consumers have certain additional rights, which are described
here
.
Nevada Consumers:
We do not sell your covered information, as defined by Section 1.6 of Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes.
Security
We employ industry standard technological measures that are reasonably   designed to help protect your personal information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. While we take reasonable efforts to guard personal information, no security system is impenetrable.
Policy On Information Collected From Children
This Site and our Services are not directed at children under the age of 18. Kami Vision does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at
privacy@kamivision.com.
Changes
Kami Vision may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our Services and the laws applicable to our provision of the Services to you. If we do change this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by revising the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy on the Site. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, Kami Vision will notify registered users of our Services. Kami Vision encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site or the Services and/or continued provision of personal information to us after the posting of such notice will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any applicable change, you will need to close your account and stop using the Site and the Services.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at
privacy@kamivision.com
.