We do not collect personal information about you if you only browse this website. No personal information is kept which might identify you to us in the future. We only use your personal information for the purposes for which you give it to us (i.e. to complete any work you have requested of us) and for related, internal management purposes.
We do not give information about you to other organisations, government agencies, or anyone else unless one of the following applies:
You have consented.
You would expect us to or we have told you we will.
It is required or authorised by law.
It will prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to somebody's life or health.
Firecannon analyses website traffic data to improve our services. To assist in collecting website traffic data the Firecannon website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file that is downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device, assist navigation between pages, remember preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your interests. Firecannon uses cookies to help target advertising on third party website through Google's display network.
You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the
Google Ads Preferences Manager
or using the
Google Ad Opt-Out Plugin
that permanently stores your opt-out status, even when you clear your cookies.
You may request access to personal information that we hold about you or you can ask us to correct or remove personal information we hold about you.
If you are on one or more of our email lists you may opt out of further contact from us by clicking the unsubscribe option in all emails sent to Firecannon email lists.
If you wish to discuss any aspects of our privacy policy, please use the contact us section of the website.  If you are an existing client please contact us through the Firecannon Assist Centre.