1. Confirmation and acceptance for the service clauses
1.1
This User Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement) refers to and binds the both parties, 
                that are the SHIPDT website，the WeChat Official Account of SHIPDT, the mobile SHIPDT APP, 
                the SHIPDT API service or any other services based on SHIPDT (hereinafter referred to as “SHIPDT”) that 
                may be provided in the future through Loongship Technology Limited and their Users. This Agreement has the validity of contract.
1.2
Before you use the various services provided by SHIPDT, 
                please be sure to carefully read, fully understand all the contents in the clauses of this agreement. 
                Unless you accept the clauses of the Agreement, otherwise you have no right to use the relevant services provided by SHIPDT. 
                Your behaviors of usage will be regarded as the acceptance of the Agreement and the agreement for accepting the restraints of all clauses of the Agreement, 
                including any revisions made by SHIPDT to the service agreement at any time, and your usage behaviors are regarded as that you become a user of SHIPDT.
2. User account and service contents
2.1
The user pays close attention to the WeChat Official Account of SHIPDT, 
                it means that the user gains the equal WeChat authorization. 
                The SHIPDT will allow each user to create an account and provide relevant services according to the user’s information provided by WeChat.
2.2
When a user successfully registers on the website or APP, 
                SHIPDT will give each user an account and a corresponding password which the user is responsible for saving; the user 
                should be legally responsible for all the activities and events when using the user’s account.
2.3
The user shall not transfer his or her account and password, 
                sell the account or lend it to other people for usage. If the user authorizes other people to use the account, 
                the user shall be fully responsible for all the behaviors that occur under that account.
2.4
The contents of the sea chart information, location of ships, weather and other value-added services are provided by SHIPDT. 
                The specific service contents can be provided according to the actual situation. SHIPDT reserves the right to adjust the service 
                types and styles at any time without undertaking the losses to the user caused by the business adjustments.
2.5
The users use SHIPDT services through the network, so the network and relevant equipment need to be run well. At the same time, 
                except the network services, the users should shoulder by themselves the relevant equipment related to the network services (such as a computer, 
                a modulator-demodulator, a mobile phone and other relevant devices) and the required fees.
2.6
SHIPDT provides the network content services and relevant technical supports according to the paid contents and the period of validity.
                Unless the services fail to be provided normally because of the problems from the SHIPDT side, 
                all the fees of the relevant services paid by the user can not be returned.
3. Usage Rules
3.1
SHIPDT provides services to legal person users and individual users.
3.2
SHIPDT can not guarantee that the applications submitted by all users can pass the examination, 
                and SHIPDT has the right to refuse to provide the services to certain users without making any explanations.
3.3
When a user is in the process of using the network services of SHIPDT, the following principles shall be followed:
a)
abiding by the relevant Chinese laws and regulations;
b)
the network service system shall not be used for any illegal purposes;
c)
abiding by all network agreements, regulations and procedures related to the network services;
d)
the SHIPDT network service system shall not be utilized to carry out any behaviors that may cause harmful effects to the normal running of the Internet;
e)
the SHIPDT network service system shall not be utilized to carry out any behaviors that may cause harmful effects to the safety and operation of ports and ships;
f)
the SHIPDT network service system shall not be utilized to carry out any behaviors that are harmful for SHIPDT;
g)
if any situations of illegally using a user’s account or the appearance of safety flaws are found, SHIPDT shall be informed immediately;
h)
the SHIPDT network service system shall not be utilized to violate anyone’s patents, trademarks, business secrets, copyrights or other exclusive rights in any form.
4. Intellectual property and other legal interests (including but not limited to right of reputation and right of business reputation)
4.1
The intellectual property for the contents provided by SHIPDT in the services (including but not limited to webpage, 
                texts, pictures, audio information, videos and charts etc.) belong to SHIPDT; all the above information shall not be directly or indirectly released, 
                played, rewritten or reissued for the purpose of broadcasting or issuance on any media or be used for any other business purposes without the permissions of the relevant obligees. 
                All the above information or part of it can only be saved for private and non-business purposes. SHIPDT will not be responsible to users or any 
                third party for any compensation for the damages generated or resulting from the delay, inaccuracy, mistakes, and omits from the process of transmitting 
                or delivering all or part of the above information.
4.2
Unless there are other special statements, the copyright, patent right and other intellectual property for the software that the service depends upon belong to SHIPDT.
4.3
The user can only use the contents after gaining the authorization of SHIPDT or other obligees, 
                and it’s forbidden to arbitrarily duplicate and recreate these contents or create the derivatives related to the contents.
5. Privacy policy for users
5.1
The protection for the privacy of users is a basic policy of SHIPDT. 
                When you register SHIPDT, you must provide your personal information. 
                SHIPDT guarantees that the information will not be open to the public or provide your registration information and the non-public contents saved on SHIPDT when you use the network services to the public,
                 but except the following situations:
a)
using the location peripheral service;
b)
your clear authorization has been gained in advance;
c)
according to the requirements of relevant laws and regulations;
d)
according to the requirements of relevant government competent departments;
e)
in order to safeguard the interests of the public;
f)
in order to safeguard the legal interests of SHIPDT;
g)
other situations that the personal information needs to be open, edited or disclosed.
5.2
SHIPDT may cooperate with the third party to provide the relevant services to the users. 
                In such case, if the third party agrees to undertake the equal responsibility to protect users’ privacy, 
                then SHIPDT may provide your registration information etc. to the third party.
5.3
In the premise that the individual user’s private information will not be disclosed, SHIPDT has the right to analyze the database of the whole users and commercially utilize the database of users.
6. Exclusion of Liability
6.1
On WeChat Official Account, APP and website
a)
The copyrights of the articles published by SHIPDT (including the reposted articles) belong to the original authors. 
                    If the author has the copyright statement or the article is reposted from another website with the copyright statement from the original website, 
                    then the ownership of copyright is subject to the attached statement. The disclaimer will always be gained by SHIPDT for any legal disputes and results thereof caused.
b)
For the users’ information disclosure caused by other websites linked with SHIPDT and any legal disputes and results thereof caused, the disclaimer will always be gained by SHIPDT.
c)
If a user tells other people his or her password or shares the registration account with other people, 
                    SHIPDT will not undertake any responsibilities for any information disclosure of the user caused thereof.
d)
When the governmental judiciary authorities require SHIPDT to disclose the users’ information according to the legal procedures,
                     we will provide the users’ information according to the law enforcement authority’s requirements or for the purpose of public safety. 
                     In such case, the disclaimer will always be gained by SHIPDT for any disclosure.
e)
The existing risks that the user clearly agrees to use SHIPDT services will be totally undertaken by the user himself or herself. 
                    All the consequences generated due to the usage of these services will also be undertaken by the user himself or herself, 
                    and SHIPDT will not undertake any responsibilities to the user.
f)
The services are not guaranteed to surely satisfy the users’ requirements,
                     and it’s not guaranteed that the services will not be discontinued. There is no guarantee for the timeliness, safety and accuracy of the services.
6.2
On the operation of the website，the WeChat Official Account and APP
a)
SHIPDT will make an announcement in advance when the services need to be suspended due to system maintenance or updating. 
                    If the services are caused to be suspended due to circuits and hardware failure out of the control scope of the company or other force majeure, 
                    for all the inconveniences and losses caused in the service suspension period, SHIPDT doesn’t undertake any responsibilities.
b)
If the users’ any information’s disclosure, losses, being stolen or tampered are caused due to the force majeure that influences the normal operation of the network, 
                    such as the hacker attacks, computer virus penetrations or outbreaks, or the temporal shut because of government regulation, the disclaimer will always be gained by SHIPDT.
6.3
On legal liability
a)
If the users of SHIPDT violate the laws of the People’s Republic of China due to violating the regulations of this statement, 
                    all consequences shall be undertaken by the users themselves, and SHIPDT will not undertake any responsibilities.
b)
Any person who logs in SHIPDT in any ways or directly or indirectly uses the information of SHIPDT is regarded as voluntarily accepting the restraints of SHIPDT’s statement.
c)
For the issues that are not involved in this agreement and statement,
                     please read the relevant national laws and regulations for reference. When there is a conflict among this agreement and statement and the national laws and regulations, 
                     it is subject to the national laws and regulations.
6.4
On the data service provided
All the data provided by SHIPDT do not have any legally binding force or responsibility. 
                SHIPDT does not undertake any responsibilities or make any guarantees, and the data are just for usage as reference.
7. Alteration, interrupt or termination of the services
7.1
If the network services need to be suspended due to system maintenance or updating, SHIPDT will make an announcement in advance as far as possible.
7.2
If any of the following situations occurs, SHIPDT has the right to interrupt or terminate the network services under this agreement to a user and there is no need to inform the user:
a)
the information provided by the user is not true;
b)
the user violates the usage rules regulated in this agreement.
7.3
For the free services provided by SHIPDT, SHIPDT reserves the right to unilaterally interrupt or terminate the services without informing the users in advance, and for any losses thereof caused, 
                SHIPDT will not undertake any responsibilities.
7.4
If the users of SHIPDT fail to timely pay the fees, and therefore the services are caused to be interrupted or terminated, SHIPDT will not undertake any responsibilities for any losses thereof caused.
7.5
Besides the situations stated in the above clause, SHIPDT also reserves the right to interrupt or
                 terminate part or all network services at any time without informing the users in advance. For any losses caused by the 
                 interruption or termination of all the services, there is no need for SHIPDT to undertake any responsibilities for the users or any third party.
8. Dealing with breach of contract and compensation
8.1
The user agrees to safeguard and preserve the benefits of SHIPDT, the cooperative partners of SHIPDT and other users, 
                if one of the following situations occurs, you are regarded as breach of contract:
a)
the regulations of relevant laws and regulations are violated
b)
the appointments of this Agreement or the supplemental agreement of this Agreement are violated.
8.2
If the user violates the relevant laws, regulations or any clauses under this agreement and causes losses to Chuantong or any other third party, the user agrees to bear the liability for damages caused thereby.
9. Agreement Revision
9.1
According to the development of the Internet, the changes on relevant laws,
                 regulations and normative documents or because of the needs for business development, 
                 SHIPDT has the right to revise or alter the clauses of this agreement. Once the changes on the contents of this agreement occur, 
                 SHIPDT will directly publish the agreement contents after revision on SHIPDT’s website, and such behavior of promulgation is regarded as that SHIPDT has informed the users the revision contents.
9.2
SHIPDT may also apply the transmittal modes of E-mails or private messages to remind the users on the revisions of the clauses of the agreement for users, the alterations of service or other important matters.
9.3
If the user does not agree with the revisions made by SHIPDT on the relevant clauses of this agreement, 
                the user has the right and should stop the usage. If the user continues the usage, it’s regarded as that the user accepts the revisions made by SHIPDT on the relevant clauses of this agreement.
10. Legal Jurisdiction
10.1
For the formation, execution and interpretations and dispute resolution for this Agreement, the Chinese laws shall apply.
10.2
If any dispute occurs between both parties on the contents or the execution of the agreement, 
                both parties should friendly settle the dispute as far as possible; if the disputes can not be resolved through consultation, 
                both parties agree to submit to arbitration to Beijing Arbitration Commission and accept the arbitration rules. 
                The arbitral decision made by it is the final one, and both parties will fulfill the arbitral decision unconditionally.
11. Notice and delivery
All the notices under the clauses of this agreement can be transmitted through ways of webpage announcements, 
                E-mails, short messages or regular letters etc.; the notice is regarded as having been delivered to the recipients on the date when it is sent.
12. Other Regulations
12.1
This agreement constitutes both parties’ complete agreement of the agreed items of this agreement and other relevant matters. 
                Except the rights regulated in this agreement, no other rights are endowed to all parties of this agreement.
12.2
If any clauses in this agreement completely or partly become invalid or do not have the executive force due to no matter what reasons,
                 other clauses of the agreement shall still be valid and have the binding force.
12.3
The final revision and power of interpretation for this agreement belong to SHIPDT.
Please inform SHIPDT when you find any situations of the violations of this service agreement and the service clauses of any other single items of service, and various announcements.