CheckMyBus GmbH
operates a
search engine for national and international intercity bus connections
. The comparison portal enables visitors to check the bus providers’ offers for availability, ticket prices, departure times, routes, amenities and further travel information. In addition, car sharing agencies, train companies and airline offers can also be compared.
Users who select a trip will be redirected to external websites of the mobility providers to book the tickets.
CheckMyBus does not operate the lines or routes and also does not sell the tickets which are compared in our search. No personal data is generated.
You are looking for information regarding "Data protection"? Please click
here
for any further info.
CheckMyBus GmbH
Laufertorgraben 2
90489 Nuremberg (Germany)
Marc Hofmann, Fabian Flohr
Telephone: +49 (0) 911 310440-0
Fax: +49 (0) 911 310440-99
E-Mail: info@checkmybus.com
Entry in the commercial register.
Court of Registration: Nuremberg
Registration number: HRB 30402
DE 289904210
German Source: Produced by the Legal Notice Generator from
www.e-recht24.de
Please find
here
further information about the implementation of the design and photo usage.
Liability for Content
The content of our pages has been compiled with utmost care. However, we do not assume any liability concerning the correctness, completeness and topicality of their content. In accordance with Article 7, Section 1 of the TMG we, as a service provider, are responsible for our own content on these pages in compliance with the general law. According to paragraphs 8 to 10 of the TMG, however, we are not obliged either to monitor third party information, which has been transferred or stored, or to search for circumstances that would indicate illegal activity. The responsibility to remove or block the use of information according to the general law shall remain unaffected. Any liability in this respect, however, is only possible from the moment at which knowledge of a specific violation of the law is obtained. We shall immediately remove this content upon discovery of such infringements.
Liability for Links
Our offer contains links to external websites of third parties, on the content of which we do not have any influence. Therefore, we cannot assume liability for this content. The liability for linked pages lies exclusively with their operators or providers. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time the links were created. Illegal content could not be identified at the time of setting the links. However, we cannot reasonably be expected to constantly monitor the content of the linked pages without any indication that the law has been violated. We shall immediately remove such links upon discovery of infringements.
Copyright Law
The content and works on these pages compiled by their operators are subject to German copyright law. Duplication, processing, distribution as well as any kind of exploitation, which lies beyond the limits of copyright law, requires the written consent of the respective author or originator. Downloads and copies from this page are only permitted for private, not commercial use. Insofar as the content of this page was not compiled by the operator, third party copyrights shall be observed. In particular, third party content shall be marked as such. In the event that you still become aware of a copyright violation, we kindly ask you to inform us accordingly. We shall immediately remove such content upon discovery of infringements.