Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of our websites, mobile applications and/or services “Services”. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using our Services. Together with our Terms Of Service, this Privacy Policy sets out our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we collect, process and treat it.
By visiting
www.impactscore.app
and using our Services you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The short version;
We use your information to provide our Services, which are to help you identify the businesses and products that meet your sustainability, ethical and nutritional goals.
You can delete your account at any time and you have further rights which are detailed below.
Your personal data is exactly that, so we don’t sell your personal data to any third parties.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Privacy Policy, the following definitions are used;
“Data”
collectively all information you submit to Impact Monitor Limited via the Website.  This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Laws
“Cookies”
a small text file placed on your computer or device by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and.pr when you use certain features of the Website.  Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in the clause below (Cookies)
“Data Protection Laws”
any applicable law relating to the processing of personal Data, including but not limited to the Directive 96/46/EC (Data Protection Directive) or the GDPR, and any national implementing laws, regulations or secondary legislations, for as long as the GDPR is effective in the UK
“GDPR”
the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679
IML, “we”, “our” or “us”
Impact Monitor Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 12809902 whose registered office is at 37 Meadowcroft, Heswall, Wirral, CH60 1UT
“UK and EU Cookie Law”
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011
“User”, “you” or “your”
any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by IML and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to IML and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services
“Website”
The website you are currently using,
www.impactscore.app
, and any sub-domains of this site, including the Impact Score® & GIKI badges mobile applications, unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions
In this privacy policy, unless the context requires a different interpretation;
the singular includes the plural and vice versa
references to clauses, sub-clauses, schedules or appendices are to clauses, sub-clauses, schedules or appendices of this privacy policy
a reference to a person includes firms, companies, government entities, trusts and partnerships
“including” is understood to mean “including without limitation”
Reference to any statutory provision includes and modification or amendment to it
The headings and sub-headings do not form part of this policy
Scope of this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies only to the actions of IML and Users with respect to this Website.  It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites
IML will be the data controller for the data that you provide us or we collect in relation to the provision of our services to you.  Our data controller reference number is ZA783043. You can check our registration on the Data Protection Public Register by visiting
https://www.ico.org.uk/esdwebpages/search
.
The Data we collect
We may collect the following Data, which includes personal Data, from you;
given to us when you register with us, such as your name and Impact Score® and GIKI badges preferences
demographic information such as gender,, postcode, preferences and interests (automatically collected)
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform (automatically collected)
a list of URL’s starting with a referring site, your activity on this Website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected) (including date and time); companies you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page (automatically collected)
We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, service providers, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, social media) and may receive information from them, such as your what websites you have visited, your location, what other products you may have used, and other such details.
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
How we collect data
We collect Data in the following ways;
Data is given to us by you
Data is collected automatically
Data that is given to us by you
IML may collect your Data in a number of ways, for example;
when you use our services
when you contact us through the Website, by telephone, by e-mail or through other means
if you choose to interact with us via a social media platform or other third party service, we will collect information through that platform;
in each case , in accordance with this privacy policy.
Data that is collected automatically
To the extent that to access the Website, we will collect your Data automatically, for example;
we automatically collect some Data about your visit to the Website.  This Data helps us to make improvements to Website content and navigation, and includes your IP address, the date, time and frequency with which you access the Website and the way you use and interact with its content
we will collect your Data automatically via cookie settings on your browser.  For more information about cookies, and how we use them on the Website, see the section below headed Cookies
through local storage, for example retaining your Impact Score® and/or GIKI badges preferences
Our use of Data
We use information we hold about you to provide our services to you and improve those services, administer your account and communicate with you, internal record keeping and to use information on an anonymous basis for research, profiling and analytical purposes.
undertake analysis and profiling of your use of our website and applications in order to identify and inform you of businesses or products that we consider are likely to interest you or be suited to your circumstances or to enhance our services.
Administering our website, applications and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes
Improving the services we offer you such as understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you
As part of our efforts to keep our website and applications safe and secure and to prevent fraud
We may use your Data for the above purposes if we deem it necessary to do so for our legitimate interest.  If you are not satisfied with this you have the right to object in certain circumstances (see the section headed “Your rights” below)
Where you have agreed to a particular use of your information, we process it on the basis of your consent. For example, we will send you our newsletter by email (which contains marketing from us and our third party partners.
If you are business user or a prospective business user we may send you marketing from time to time on the basis of our legitimate interests but you will always have the right to unsubscribe at any time.
Who we share Data with
We may share your data with other members of our group and with other third parties, such as our service providers, advertisers and data providers.
We may need to disclose your data to others to ensure the smooth provision to you of the products, services and information you request. Your data may be disclosed to the other entities as described below. These third parties act on our instructions and are processors of your information.
We may share your information with the following subprocessors:
Entity
Type
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Cloud Service Provider
Microsoft Inc.
Cloud Service Provider
Attach Digital Limited
Database Administrator
We may share your personal information with any member of our Group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may also share your information with selected third parties including:
Product providers, such as our business partners who offer related product or services, to:
conduct analysis to provide you with better products and services in the future, and for segmentation purposes
conduct analysis to sell related services to their customers
advertisers that require data, to perform services on our behalf, including selecting and serving relevant adverts
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our service
if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets (or the buyer or seller’s advisers)
if we or part or all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of IML, our customers, or others.
Keeping Data secure
We take the security of your Data very seriously and use strict procedures to protect it.
All Data you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
We do our best to protect your personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website and applications; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access, loss or damage.
Where possible, we try to only process your Data within the UK and European Economic Area (EEA). If we or our service providers transfer personal Data outside of the UK or EEA, we always require that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect the information when it is processed.
How long we keep Data for
While your account remains active, we keep your Data for no longer than is necessary depending on the purpose for which we are using it.
How long we keep your Data will depend on the purpose for which we use it. While you are a customer of ours, we will only retain your Data for as long as is necessary for those purposes.
After termination of your account, we may continue to use anonymised Data (which does not identify individual users) which is aggregated with anonymised data of other users. We use this aggregated anonymised data for data analysis, profiling and research purposes, for example to gain insights about our users.
Your rights
You can exercise specific rights with regards to the Data that we hold about you.
Request access to your Data: you can ask for access to the personal Data that we hold about you so that you can check that we are using your information in accordance with data protection laws
Correct your data: you will usually be able to amend any information that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete through the settings in your account.
Erase your data: you can ask us to fully or partially delete your personal data where there is no compelling reason for us to keep using it, although we may not be able to continue to provide our services. We have the right to continue using your information if such usage is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations.
Download your data: you can obtain a copy of the Data you provided us in a machine-readable format. In addition, where certain conditions apply, you have the right to have such information transferred directly to a third party.
Object to the use of your data: you can ask that we no longer use your personal Data where that use is based on a legitimate interest
Restrict the use of your data: You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information in certain circumstances (for example, where you think the information we are using about you is inaccurate, whilst we verify its accuracy). When usage is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further.
Right to withdraw consent: If you have given your consent for us to use your Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
For the exercise of any of your rights, you can contact us at
hello@impactscore.app
.
If you are not satisfied with our response to any complaints you raise with us or you believe our processing of your information does not comply with the data protection law, we suggest you contact one of our Directors at
hello@impactscore.app
. However, you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) at any time.
Please see the ICO website for further information –
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/raising-concerns
12.
Links to and from third party websites
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of purposes, including ensuring that our website and applications functions as expected, remembering your preferences and gathering data on the users of our website and our services.
All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law
By using our website or applications (through any device) you agree that this Cookies Policy, together with our Privacy Policy and Terms, applies to that use.
If you wish to use our website, but would like us not to set cookies in your browser, you can disable or remove the cookies – for further details please consult the help menu in your internet browser . Please note that disabling or removing the cookies we or our third party service providers set may impact the functionality and security of our Website and our ability to provide our services to you.
You can choose to delete Cookies at any time; however you may lose information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, your preferences settings
It is recommended that you ensure your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings
Below is a list of Cookies that we use.  We have tried to ensure this is complete and up-to-date but if you think that we have missed a Cookie or there is any discrepancy, please let us know;
Cookie
Description
Type
_ga
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site’s analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors.
Analytics
_gid
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
Analytics
_gat
This cookie is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.
Performance
Children
The Services are not directed at anyone who we know to be under the age of 13, nor do we collect any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you should not use the Services and should not submit any personal information to us.
If you are a young person aged 13 or over using our Services then this policy will tell you about your rights and how we use your data. Please ask your parents or guardian if you have any questions and they can also contact us.
For users in the United States
California Privacy Rights
This section applies solely to the personal information collected online and offline of California consumers (excluding our employees, applicants, staff and contractors). This section is intended to address the relevant notice requirements of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”), and uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the CCPA.
Your information, sources and purposes: Please refer to the sections above headed “Information you provide to us and how we use it” and “Cookies and other information that we automatically collect” for a description of the personal information we may collect about you (or have collected in the preceding 12 months) and the sources of such information (such as directly from you and your device or through certain third parties). These sections also describe the purposes for which we may use or have used such information.
Sharing your information: We may have shared your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described in the section headed “Sharing your information” above.
Selling your information: We do not sell personal information in exchange for monetary compensation.
Your rights: Subject to exceptions under applicable law, you may have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information, as described below:
Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months and details regarding our collection, use, disclosure and sale, if any, of such information.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.
Opt-Out: You have the right to opt out of certain cookie use, as described in the section headed “How to control or delete cookies.”
To exercise your rights, please contact us as described in the section headed “Contact Us” below. If you exercise your rights, we may require you to provide certain information to verify your identity (such as your name, email address, phone number and/or address) or the authority of any third person acting on your behalf.
No discrimination: If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. This section is available in alternative formats upon request by contacting us as described in the section headed “Contact Us” below.
Personal, family and household clients: In addition, under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a California resident and your business relationship with us is primarily for personal, family or household purposes, you may request certain data regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail message to our e-mail address below with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line. You may make such a request up to once per calendar year. If applicable, we will provide you, by e-mail, a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the third parties’ names and addresses. Please note that not all personal information sharing is covered by Section 1798.83’s requirements.
Contact us
If you have any questions about our cookies or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
hello@impactscore.app
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
IML reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law.
Any changes we may make will be posted on the Website and, where we decide it is appropriate, notified to you by email or push notification, and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
Last updated June 2021