Privacy policy
Please review SHIFTR's privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect, or otherwise handle your personal information in accordance with our website and app. Our privacy policy may change from time to time and will be updated and maintained on this page. Privacy and security is important to us, please contact us with any questions you may have.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
We may collect information from you when you visit or register on our website or app, subscribe or respond to communications, contact us, make a purchase, or use certain other site features.
As appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, company information, credit card or payment information, billing information, or other details to help you with your account or experience. You can view or change your information by accessing your account.
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested
To improve our website in order to better serve you
To quickly process your transactions
To administer and provide you with updates, information, marketing, promotions, or other site features
To ask for your feedback
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests or follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
To give your company administrators better insight into your own usage of the SHIFTR app
We may also collect location data of your device for use in SHIFTR’s timeclock functionality to log your device’s GPS position when you clock in or out.
No data collected by SHIFTR will ever be sold or shared with third-parties.
Data provided by a user can be removed by that user at any time by accessing the “My Profile” section within SHIFTR.
Some or all user data may be removed from accounts with no activity after a reasonable amount of time.
YOUR PHOTOS AND IMAGES
You may decide to share your photos and images with SHIFTR for use as avatar images or company logos. Images can also be shared as part of messaging communication. These images are uploaded to, and stored on, SHIFTR’s servers. The only photos and images SHIFTR has access to are the ones that you decide to share with SHIFTR. All images are stored on SHIFTR’s servers and are never sold to any third-party.
COOKIES
Our site may cookies (if you allow) to:
Help us capture, remember, and process items in your account
Help us to understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
If you turn cookies off, it will turn off some of the features of the website and app.
THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may utilize, include, or offer third-party products or services. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Your personal information and data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.