Khan Academy Kids Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 28, 2023
Khan Academy Kids Privacy Principles
Our Privacy Policy is fueled by our commitment to the following Privacy Principles:
We’re deeply committed to creating a safe and secure online environment for all of our users.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We established ourselves as a not-for-profit organization so that our mission of education and your trust will not be in conflict with a for-profit motive.
We strive to provide you with access to and control over the information you give us, and we take the protection of your information very seriously.
We take extra precautions for our youngest learners. Specifically, we have designed the app registration process to minimize the collection and use of personally identifiable information.
We do not display advertising on Khan Academy Kids. Our mission is to provide you with a better learning experience, not to sell you products.
About Khan Academy Kids
Welcome to Khan Academy Kids, a mobile application owned and operated by Khan Academy, Inc. (“Khan Academy”, “us”, or “we”). We understand how important privacy is to you, and we are committed to creating a safe and secure environment for learners of all ages. This Privacy Policy applies to the Khan Academy Kids mobile application (our “App”). The Khan Academy website and mobile application are governed by a different privacy policy, which you can read
here
. As a not-for-profit, 501(c)(3) organization, we use the data we collect to provide you with a better experience and fulfill our mission of providing a free, world-class education for anyone, anywhere. We established ourselves as a not-for-profit organization so that a for-profit motive will not interfere with our mission of providing a trusted educational resource.
Our Privacy Policy describes what information we gather from our users, how we use that information, and what we do to protect it. By downloading and using our App, you consent to the information handling practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Note to Schools:
The Khan Academy Kids App may be used by schools, school districts or teachers for an educational purpose. Please see Section 8 to understand our privacy practices in connection with school and classroom use.
Table of Contents:
What information do we collect?
How we use the information we collect
How we share or transfer data to others
Marketing, advertising and email communications
How to access, update, or delete your personal information
Our approach to Data Security
How do we protect Children's privacy?
School Use
International Visitors
European Union Data Protection
Links to other sites
Changes and updates to this Privacy Policy
Contacting Khan Academy
1. What information do we collect?
We collect personal information and usage information when a parent (“Parent” or “You”) downloads and uses the App, including:
Information you provide to us.
When you sign up for an account on the Khan Academy Kids app, we collect your email address. When you click on our email to verify your email address, we will collect your IP address and approximate location at the city or zip code level where you verified the email address. When you create an account, we will collect your IP address and approximate location at the city or zip code level. If you choose to establish an account so you may access the App across various devices, we will collect your password. We may collect additional information from you if you contact our technical support team, send us an email, complete a user survey, or otherwise communicate with us.
Information you provide about your child.
During account registration, we ask you to provide the name and age of your child. We recommend you select a nickname or silly name for your child’s user name, and do not use your child’s real name, for additional security purposes. We do not ask for or collect any additional personal information from your child.
App usage information we collect when you use the App.
We collect information about how you use the App, such as the features you use and the time spent on the App. We associate this information with an internal account ID we assign to you for our internal purposes, including, for example, to help us recognize you across devices you use to access the App and personalize your experience based on your last App use. We may also collect other information from your device(s) or from the app store through which you downloaded the Khan Academy Kids app. This includes information of additional devices linked to your account, including any device(s)your child uses to access Khan Academy Kids. For example, we may collect information about the device(s) you, and the children accessing our App through your account, use to access the App (e.g., mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, preferred language). We may collect analytics data to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the App and to understand more about the demographics of our users. We use this information to customize the function and appearance of the App based on information related to your account (e.g., the age of your child and your device settings).
2. How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect to:
Operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features of our App.
Personalize your experience while using the App, including on various devices you use to access the App. For instance, we may remember your recent activity so we can recommend the most appropriate curriculum and content for you on your next visit.
Communicate with you about your account and account activity (such as your child’s progress) and to respond to inquiries.  From time to time, we may also use your information to send you emails about Khan Academy and our other websites and services that may be of interest to you.
Understand and analyze the usage trends, behaviors, and preferences of our users, to improve the way the App works and looks, and to develop new features and functionality.
Maintain, develop, support, and improve our App and other educational products and services.
3. How we share or transfer data to others
We care deeply about the privacy of our users.  We do not rent or sell your personal information to third parties for their own purposes without your consent.  We share or disclose your personal information only as needed to provide our service and in the following circumstances:
Vendors and Service Providers
. We may share information with our trusted vendors, third party service providers, and individuals to provide services or products for us or on our behalf, which may include hosting, email delivery, and business administration or professional services (e.g., legal advisors, accountants). When we share personal information with third party service providers or vendors, these third parties are contractually obligated to maintain the security and confidentiality of that personal information.
With others in the Khan Academy family of companies
. We may share information with other companies in the Khan Academy group of companies, including any subsidiaries, parent company and its subsidiaries. These companies may use your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Aggregate or de-identified information
. We may share information in aggregated and/or anonymous form that cannot reasonably be used to identify any individual.
Merger or Sale
. If we become involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, change of control, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets, your personal information may be transferred or disclosed in connection with the business transaction. In such an event, we will make efforts to require the new owner to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy or to provide notice before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Other
. We may disclose personal information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Khan Academy, our users or the public; or (e) as required or permitted by law.
4. Marketing, advertising and email communications
Email communications.
Khan Academy may, from time to time, send you email regarding our products and services, or products and services we think you may enjoy. Only Khan Academy (or our vendors or service providers operating on our behalf) will send you these emails. You can choose not to receive these emails by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email. Please note that you are not permitted to unsubscribe or opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding your account, such as account verification, changes or updates to features of the App, or technical or security notices.
Interest based advertising.
We do not display any targeted advertising in the Khan Academy Kids App. We do not permit third parties to collect information about your use of the Khan Academy Kids App for the purpose of sending you targeted advertisements on other websites or applications. Although we are unable to recognize Do Not Track signals set by your browser, we do not engage in activities which track our users across other websites or mobile apps over time.
However, outside of the Khan Academy Kids app, we may engage in interest-based advertising to deliver online advertisements about our App, and may use third party advertising companies to serve targeted advertisements on other websites, apps or services, including on Facebook and other social networks. These advertisements are not based on the personal information we collect from you or on your activities on our App, though you may see one of these advertisements based on your activities on other websites or services (for instance, if you type “learning mobile app” into an online search engine, you may see an advertisement for Khan Academy Kids).
To learn about interest-based advertising and your choices, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources
here
, and/or the DAA’s resources
here
.
5. How to access, update or delete your personal information
Please contact us at
khankids@khanacademy.org
to update or delete your personal information.
We may not be able to delete information in all instances, such as information retained in technical support logs and other business records.  We may retain information which has been de-identified or disassociated with personal identifiers such that it can no longer be used to reasonably identify a particular individual.
Unless we receive a deletion request, we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as is reasonably useful for operational purposes. For example, we may retain certain data as necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, for recordkeeping or other legitimate business purposes, or if required by law. We may also retain information which has been de-identified or aggregated such that it can no longer reasonably identify a particular individual. All retained personal information will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
6. Our approach to data security
Data security is important to you, and to us. We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information and other information we maintain in connection with our App. However, no security system is impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and will notify you of the security incident in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
7. How do we protect Children’s Privacy?
Our App is intended to be used by children under 13 only with the consent and oversight of a parent or by a teacher or school for use as part of the school's curriculum, as explained in Section 8 below. An adult with a verified email address must download the App and create an account before permitting a child to use the App. Please contact us at
khankids@khanacademy.org
if you believe we have inadvertently collected information from a child under 13 without consent from a parent or guardian so that we may delete the information as soon as possible.
The following applies when a child uses the App with a parent’s consent and oversight:
What information do we collect
? We collect the user name and age of a child provided by the parent. We collect usage information when a child or parent uses the App, which we associate with the parent’s information. We do not collect other personal information from the child.
How do we use this information
? We use it to operate, personalize, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features of our App. We do not use this information for marketing or advertising purposes.
How do we share the child’s information
? We share the information only with our service providers, others in the Khan Academy family, and otherwise as described in Section 3 above. We do not share the child’s information with third parties for their own purposes.
How can a parent control the child’s information
? The parent can change the child’s user name at any time in the App. A parent should contact us at
khankids@khanacademy.org
to permanently delete the child’s information from our systems.
8. School Use
Our App is available for teachers, schools and school districts (collectively referred to as
“Schools”
) to use as part of the School’s educational curriculum. Our App is designed to minimize the personal data collected and used, and we strive to implement best practices to protect the privacy of all of our users.
Our privacy controls and procedures include measures designed to protect personal information protected by child and student data privacy laws, including any data considered an “educational record” under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (
“FERPA”
) and personal information of students under 13 consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (
“COPPA”
).
The following applies when a child uses the App for school use under oversight of the child's School:
What student information do we collect?
When a School creates accounts for students, we ask the teacher to provide a username for each child and information regarding the class grade. In order to protect child privacy, we recommend that teachers select a nickname or silly name, or use only the child's first name, and do not use the child’s real name.
When a School uses a third party service, such as Clever, to create and administer accounts, we may access information from these services, including the student’s name, class, grade level, and teacher.
We collect usage information when a child uses the App, such as the time spent on the App, the features used, and progress made. We associate this information with the teacher's or school’s account information, to help personalize the learning experience and track a child’s progress. We may also collect other information from the device(s) used to download and access the Khan Academy Kids app (for example, the mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, preferred language) to customize the function and appearance of the App. We may also collect analytics data to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the App and to understand more about the demographics of our users. We do not ask for or collect other personal information from the child.
How do we use this information? We use it to operate, personalize, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features of our App. We do not use this information for marketing or advertising purposes.
How do we share the child’s information? The teacher will be able to see information regarding the child's use of the App in connection with the teacher’s class. Otherwise, we share the information only with our service providers, others in the Khan Academy family, and otherwise as described in Section 3 above. We do not share the child’s personal information with third parties for their own purposes or for marketing purposes.
How can the School control the child’s information? When a teacher creates accounts for students, the teacher can change the child’s user name at any time in the App. When a School uses a third party rostering service to create and administer accounts, the school can update account profile information by updating the roster. The School is responsible for managing App accounts which the School no longer needs for an educational purpose by removing the child from the class roster, deleting the class, or submitting a deletion request when such data is no longer needed for School purposes. Schools should contact us at khankids@khanacademy.org to request deletion of personally identifiable information associated with the School’s use of our App. Parents requesting modification or deletion of their child’s data in a School account may be directed to contact the School.
Under our Terms of Service, teachers or other authorized school personnel may create accounts for their students for school use, as permitted by FERPA and other privacy laws. School personnel are solely responsible for providing notices and obtaining consents required by the applicable provisions of FERPA and COPPA and similar student privacy laws, including providing all required notices to parents, and either obtaining all necessary parent or guardian consents, or complying with all applicable requirements of an exemption from or exception to parental consent requirements.
Parent Questions about School Use.
If the App is downloaded on a personal device, the parent can view their child's information (user name, assignments, and learning activities completed) at any time in the App by logging in to the child's class account using the child’s Class Code (if one is provided) or by viewing the App, if it is downloaded on a personal device used in the home. The parent can delete the App from the child's device at any time, but the child’s personal information (username and learning activities completed) will continue to be associated with the teacher’s class account until the teacher deletes such information.
If you are a parent, and you have questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting your child’s personal information, or you have questions about your child's use of Khan Academy Kids for school purposes, please contact your child's teacher or school directly.
9. International Visitors
Our App is operated and managed on servers located within the United States. If you choose to use our App from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that differ from United States law, then you acknowledge that we will transfer your personal information to the United States for the purpose of performing the App according to our contract (e.g., our Terms of Service) and for any other purpose for which you provide explicit, informed consent.
10. European Union Data Protection
For personal data subject to the European Union General Data Processing Regulations (GDPR), we rely on several legal bases to process the data. These legal bases include where:
The processing is necessary to perform our contractual obligations in our Terms of Service or other contracts with you (such as to provide you the App as described in our Terms of Service);
You have given your prior consent, which you may withdraw at any time (such as for marketing purposes or other purposes we obtain your consent for from time to time);
The processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order or to exercise or defend legal claims;
The processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such as in improving, personalizing, and developing the App, marketing the App, such as new features or products that may be of interest, and promoting safety and security as described above.
If you have any questions about or would like further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
Residents in the European Union are entitled to certain rights with respect to personal information that we hold about them:
Right of access and portability.
The right to obtain access to your personal information, along with certain related information, and to receive that information in a commonly used format and to have it transferred to another data controller;
Right to rectification.
The right to obtain rectification of your personal information without undue delay where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to erasure.
The right to obtain the erasure of your personal information without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed;
Right to restriction.
The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal information; and
Right to object.
The right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal information, and to object to processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes, to the extent it is related to such direct marketing.
You may also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant Supervisory Authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available
here
. If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable law. In some cases our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will inform you of specific details in response to your request.
11. Links to other sites
The App may link to and may be linked by websites operated by other entities or individuals. Some of these websites, such as the Khan Academy Facebook page, may be co-branded with our name or logo. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot always control the activities of, such other third-party websites. You should consult the respective privacy policies of those third-party websites.
12. Changes and updates to this Privacy Policy
We may modify or revise this Privacy Policy from time to time and will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the revised Privacy Policy with an updated date of revision on our website.  If we change this Policy in a material manner, we will do our best to notify you of the changes by posting a notice on our website. Your continued use of the App following the effective date of such update constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy.
13. Contacting Khan Academy
Please contact Khan Academy with any questions or comments.
By email:
khankids@khanacademy.org
By mail: Khan Academy, PO Box 1630, Mountain View, CA 94042