Skip to content
Get your free physical Bitrefill Card
Bitrefill Global Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 2 January 2025
We care about your privacy
As a business headquartered in Europe, we are subject to certain regulations (among which, the European General Data Protection Regulation) that require us to comply with a number of obligations regarding your data.
In this document, you can learn everything about how we use your data: that we collect it from you and your actions, that we process only what we need in order to perform what you have asked or consented to (or what the law requires us to…), that we protect with appropriate technology and that we will not share it with anyone, including law enforcement, unless we are forced to by laws and regulations.
The right to privacy is a basic human right. We will fight for yours.
0. Introduction
The “
Bitrefill Group
”, comprising the entities mentioned below as
well as their parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates, is
committed to protecting the privacy of our Customers.
This privacy policy is issued on behalf of AIRFILL PREPAID AB, a limited
company incorporated under the laws of Sweden and registration no.
559001-6035 (“
Airfill”
). Airfill is a data controller of the
personal data collected through our websites
www.bitrefill.com
and
www.airfill.com
(“
Websites
”),
or through our mobile application Bitrefill, available on Apple and
Android app stores (“
App
”).
This policy also applies to the following entities, to the extent
personal data is collected on transactions involving them:
for personal data collected in the context of the Bill Payment
Services from El Salvador, Bitrefill, Sociedad Anónima de Capital
Variable and with registration number 2021103271 (“
Bitrefill ES
”)
is a joint data controller.
for personal data collected in the context of the Bill Payment
Services from any other jurisdiction, Airfill US LLC, a Delaware
company with file number 5817333 (“
Airfill US
”) is a joint data
controller.
When creating an account, or before acquiring a Product, we will ask you
to review this Policy and accept its contents before proceeding. You
should read this policy in full before proceeding.
If you don't want us to collect, use or share your personal information
as outlined in this Privacy Policy, or if you are under 18 years old and
unsupervised by parents or legal guardians, please stop using our
Websites or App.
In this policy you can find about:
What personal data do we collect;
Why do we process your personal data;
When do we share your personal data;
How do we protect your personal data;
How can you exercise your data subjects rights; and
How long do we keep your data?
Minors
International Transfers
1. What personal data do we collect?
We can collect your data directly (e.g. when you give it to us),
indirectly (e.g. when someone else gives it to us) or through automated
technologies (e.g. cookies).
Please find below an outline of the types of data that we may collect
and how we collect it.
Data directly provided by
you
Type of data
Description
Basic identification data
Email Address, Phone number
KYC customer data
Name, Address, Date of birth, Nationality, Country of
residence, Gender, Government-issued identity document (e.g. passport,
driver’s license, or state identification card), Social security number,
Employment information (e.g. company name), Proof of residency,
including visa information, Utility bills (for your billing address),
Photographs and/or videos, Income/net assets/wealth verification
statements, criminal offences and allegations, family members and their
professional roles.
Professional data
Employer Identification Number (or comparable number issued
by a government), Personal identification information for all material
beneficial owners of your business, employer, and professional
role.
Financial data
Tax identification number, Income/net assets/wealth
verification statements
Wallet data
Wallet address, wallet provider, your bank identification numbers, and your financial service providers.
Preferences data
Preferred coins, settings and preferences selected in
Websites and/or App.
Transaction data
Data about the transactions made on our Websites and App,
such as the amount, currency preferences, payment method, date, and/or
timestamp, products purchased.
Customer Support data
Data provided by you during customer support exchanges, or
in response to customer surveys.
Special categories of personal data
We may collect biometric data if, and only if, voluntarily
provided by you in the context of an identification verification
procedure. We do so by collecting a live selfie that is compared to the
photography of the identity provided by you. We use our provider SumSub
to process and store this data, and we do it to ensure that the person
submitting the documents is indeed the owner of the documents, thereby
increasing the level of safety and reliability of the verification. We
do this with your express specific consent, given by you before the
identity verification. You are also in full control of how and when the
collection takes place. This data is used solely for this purpose, in
the context of the anti-money laundering policy of Bitrefill.
In the course of your usage of the Bitrefill Card, we may have
access to personal data related to your purchases with the card, from
which special categories of personal data may be
derived.
Data indirectly obtained about
you
Type of data
Description
Basic information data, KYC customer data, Business and
professional data, Financial data, Wallet data, Transaction data,
Customer Support data
Described above. During your interactions with our
affiliates, partners or service providers, you may provide them with, or they may otherwise obtain about you, data that may be transmitted to us for the purposes outlined below on
“Why do we process your personal
data”
.
We may also receive data about you from a person who has
submitted it for our referral program.
Publicly available data.
May include all types of data described above, if they are
publicly available, as well as blockchain data, including timestamps of
transactions or events, transaction IDs, digital signatures, transaction
amounts, and wallet addresses unrelated to your transactions with us, as
well as media reports about you).
We collect and process publicly available data about you, as
necessary for the purposes outlined below on
“Why do we
process your personal data”
.
Advertising data
We receive data from our advertising partners on your
interactions with marketing and advertising content (clicks, actions,
time spent, etc.).
Analytics data
We receive data from our analytic providers about your
usage of the Websites and App (page clicks, actions, time spent, etc.),
your age group and geographic region, as well as survey
responses.
Counterparty data
We may receive data from counterparties with whom you have
interacted in relation to a Product or service provided by us, about how
you have interacted with them.
Transaction data
We may also receive transaction data from third-parties
with whom we offer products to you with, such as the Bitrefill Card. In
this case, Bitrefill will receive data on your card usage, with the sole
purpose of enabling you to see that data on your
account.
Data automatically obtained about you
Type of data
Description
Device, browser and app data
Our systems collect information about your device, its operating system, and browser, along with additional features or identifiers such as plugins and the network you connect to, as well as your IP address.
Usage data
Our plugins and cookies collect information about your activities, such as what you view or click on our Sites and Apps, your usage of our Services, as well as diagnostic and troubleshooting data, which includes service-related performance details, timestamps, crash data, website performance logs, and any error messages or reports.
See below our
Cookies Policy
for more information.
We do not collect any special categories of personal data about you
(e.g. race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life,
sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership,
information about your health, and genetic data) other than, as
described above.
The nature of some services requires you to give us personal data (e.g.,
your phone number or e-mail to deliver a top-up or gift card). In those
cases, we will only be able to provide the service if you provide us
with that information, and we retain the ability to terminate your
account if we no longer have the ability to process the personal data
necessary to provide you with our Products.
2. Why do we process your personal data?
2.1. We use your personal data for different purposes, better stated
below:
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate
interest
To open and maintain your account.
(a) Basic information data
(b) KYC customer data
(c) Professional data
(e) Biometric data
(a) Performance of a contract with you;
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation;
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to start an ongoing
customer relationship).
(d) You expressly consent to this when you create an
account.
To sell you the Products and provide you with
services
(a) Basic information data
(b) KYC customer data
(c) Preferences data
(d) Wallet data
(e) Transaction data
(a) Performance of a contract with you;
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation;
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to conduct our
business).
(d) You expressly consent to this when you create an
account.
To manage the Bitrefill store
(a) Preferences data
(b) Transaction data
(c) Customer support data
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our
business, provision of administration and IT services, network security,
to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganization or
group restructuring exercise);
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
(c) You expressly consent to this when you create an
account.
For advertisement, data analytics and to provide
recommendations
(a) Analytics data
(b) Advertising data
(c) Device, browser and app data
(d) Usage data
(e) Counterparty data
(a)
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to
study how users use our services and website, to develop them, to grow
our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
This
data is not shared/sold to third parties for any purpose
whatsoever.
(b) You expressly consent to this when you create an
account.
To comply with internal and external policies, guidelines,
rules and legislation (for example, to respond to law enforcement
requests)
(a) Basic information data
(b) KYC customer data
(c) Professional data
(e) Transaction data
(f) Wallet data
(g) Financial data
(h) Publicly available data
(i) Counterparty data
(j) Device, browser and app data
(a) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (ensure that we run
a safe and credible platform)
3. When do we share your information?
3.1. General
Bitrefill works with multiple partners, providers and other third
parties to enable the Products and provide Customers with the Bitrefill
service. For that end, Bitrefill shares certain information with third
parties, as explained below.
Our group and our team
Your data may be shared, with other entities of the Bitrefill
Group if you wish to acquire Products that are sold by other entities of
the group. Your data may also be accessed by our employees and people
who we may hire as contractors or freelancers.
Airfill Prepaid AB (all data)
Airfill US LLC, when acquiring Products that are sold by this
entity (Basic information data, KYC data, Wallet data, Financial Data,
Transaction Data)
Bitrefill, Sociedad Anónima de Capital Variable, when
acquiring Products that are sold by this entity (Basic information data,
KYC data, Wallet data, Financial Data, Transaction Data)
Our third-parties
Your data may be received from, or shared with (to the extent
necessary), the following entities that provide services to/with
Bitrefill, among others that Bitrefill from time to time engages to
provide services.
Slack
and
Clickup
as
online workspaces and project management (Basic information data, Wallet
data, Transaction data, Customer Support data)
Google
,
for analytics, e-mail and storage (all data minus biometric
data)
SumSub
,
as KYC provider (Basic information data, KYC customer data, professional
data, financial data, biometric data)
Microsoft
and
Mixpanel
for
analytics (Basic information data, wallet data, transaction data, usage
data, device, browser and app data)
Zendesk
for
customer support (Basic information data, KYC customer data, customer
support data, transaction data)
Castle.io
for
fraud prevention and transaction monitoring (Basic information data,
transaction data)
Sendgr
id
and
Customer.io
for
e-mail marketing (basic identity information)
Teamtailor
for
recruitment (basic identification data, professional data)
Meta
,
TikTok
,
Snapchat
,
Reddit
,
Quora
or
Twitter/X
for
social media advertising (advertising data, analytics data)
Sentry
and
Sca
lyr
,
for performance monitoring (basic identification data, wallet data,
transaction data, usage data, device, browser and app data)
Rehive
,
for financial transactions management (basic identification data,
transaction data, wallet data)
Striga
and
Wallester
,
for the Bitrefill Card
Perfect
Gift
and
Sutton
Bank®,
for the Virtual Prepaid Visa® Card
Your third parties
Your data may be shared with your third parties, as
instructed or needed by you, in order to complete the services to you.
This may include your wallet providers, your e-mail provider or others
you may require us to engage with.
Public authorities and regulators, professional advisors
and other industry partners
Your data may be shared with regulators and law enforcement
authorities as per 3.2 below, in response to legitimate requests made in
the course of their activity.
Your data may also be shared, from time to time, with
professional advisors such as lawyers, cybersecurity or compliance
consultants, to fulfil our compliance obligations, assist us in defining
adequate courses of action, and detect, investigate or prevent illicit
activity in our platform.
Corporate events
Your data may be shared in the context of a corporate event
such as a purchase or sale of assets or of a company, a merger or
spin-off, an acquisition or reorganisation, a liquidation or a simple
change of control.
3.2. Specifically: Cooperation with law enforcement
Your personal data will only be disclosed to law enforcement
authorities, or other government bodies, to the extent required by laws
and regulations.
Bitrefill will not ordinarily share Customer personal data unless
required to do so by an appropriate legal instrument (e.g. a subpoena, a
warrant, or the legal equivalent in the issuing country). Exceptional
circumstances (such as a very urgent request that may save a human life,
or avoid great harm) may determine a different reaction from our side,
but only to the extent permitted by law.
3.3. Specifically: Bitrefill Card
Certain Products may be offered, from time to time, together with
third-party providers that may require Bitrefill to process your
personal data in order to provide it.
This is the case, for example, of the personal data collected in the
context of the Bitrefill Card, offered together with Striga Technology
OÜ and WallesterAS.
The joint data controllers for personal data connected with this
product, which may include Basic information data, KYC customer data,
Business and professional data, Financial data, Wallet data, Transaction
data, and Customer Support data, are Striga Technology OÜ and Wallester
AS.
As a rule, Bitrefill processes such data only upon the instructions of
Striga Technology OÜ and Wallester AS and acts as a data processor. This
includes, specifically, data on the purchases you make with the
Bitrefill Card. This information is passed to Bitrefill from the joint
data controllers for the sole purpose of showing it to you on your
transaction history and is not processed for any other purpose.
However, Bitrefill also acts as a data controller with respect to some
of the data processed in connection with the Bitrefill Cards, e.g.,
where Bitrefill processes personal data that is not processed by
third-party data controllers (such as the password of your account) or
where Bitrefill processes personal data for the functions entirely
handled by Bitrefill (such as customer support, or to provide you with
account management tools).
These are the relevant details for the processing of data in the context
of the Bitrefill Card:
Purposes
To provide the Bitrefill Card according to the Terms and
Conditions;
To monitor and store cardholder transactions in accordance
with requirements provided for in the rules, procedures, laws and
regulations that are designed to prevent money laundering
crimes.
Categories of Personal Data
(a) Basic information data
(b) KYC customer data
(c) Professional data
(e) Transaction data
(f) Wallet data
(g) Financial data
(h) Publicly available data
(i) Counterparty data
(j) Device, browser and app data
(k) Counterparty data (including your transaction history with
the Bitrefill Card)
Categories of data subjects
Potential and/or existing Customers (natural
persons).
Processing operations
Ordering and issuing Bitrefill Cards by using Personal Data
received from the Data Controllers; processing your Personal Data in the context of the provision of card payment services (including cash-out to your bank account) payment institution; behaviour factor generation
with respect to the transactions with Cards and the return of such
information (reports) to the Data Controller; storing your details (such as bank identification numbers), at your request, to improve the service provided to you; keeping Personal Data as long as it is necessary to fulfil
the objectives of your Bitrefill Card or fulfilling our obligations (and those of our partners) under the applicable
law; improvement of the product and development of new tools related
thereto.
Location of processing operations
Wallester AS, registration number 11812882, address F.R
Kreutzwaldi 4, 10120 Tallinn, Estonia;
Striga Technology OÜ, registration number  16298772, address at
Sepapaja 6, Tallinn, EE 11415;
Airfill Prepaid AB, registration number 559001-6035, address at
Mailbox 2333, 111 75 Stockholm, Sweden
Retention requirements
As long as it is necessary to fulfil the objectives of the
US Visa Card agreements, concluded or to be concluded with you, or
fulfilling their obligations under the applicable law.
3.3. Specifically: the US Visa Card
Another product offered together with third-party providers that may
require access to information collected by Bitrefill from you in order
to provide is the US Visa Card, which is issued by Sutton Bank®, Member
FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc, and fulfilled by
Perfect Gift, LLC.
In relation to this product, Bitrefill collects the data identified
below, but does not have access to any of the information related to how
you spend the funds in the card.
These are the relevant details for the processing of data in the context
of the US Visa Card:
Purposes
To verify your eligibility to purchase the Product
according to the Terms and Conditions;
To comply with requirements provided for in the rules,
procedures, laws and regulations that are designed to prevent money
laundering crimes.
Categories of Personal Data
(a) Basic information data
(b) KYC customer data
(c) Professional data
(e) Transaction data
(f) Wallet data
(g) Financial data
(h) Publicly available data
(i) Counterparty data
(j) Device, browser and app data
Categories of data subjects
Potential and/or existing Customers (natural
persons).
Processing operations
Verifying your details and ordering and delivering US Visa
Cards by using Personal Data collected by Bitrefill; keeping Personal
Data as long as it is necessary to fulfil the objectives of the
Agreement, or other agreements to be concluded between the Parties or
fulfilling its obligations under the applicable law.
Location of processing operations
Airfill US LLC, 651 N Broad St, Suite 206, Middletown, New
Castle, DE, 19709, USA
Perfect Gift LLC, 495 Mansfield Avenue Pittsburgh PA 15205,
USA
Sutton Bank, 1 South Main St. PO Box 505. Attica, OH 44807,
USA
Retention requirements
As long as it is necessary to fulfil the objectives of the
Bitrefill Card agreements, concluded or to be concluded with you, or
fulfilling their obligations under the applicable law.
4. How do we protect your personal data?
We are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of your
personal data. Access to your data is limited only to authorized
Bitrefill officers, employees, contractors or others who may require
access to it in order to perform the services requested by you.
More specifically, we have implemented the following security measures:
Staff dedicated to cyber and physical security, that designs,
implements and provides oversight to our information security program;
The use of specialized technology such as host-based security tools,
network defence monitors, and intrusion detection systems;
Testing of the security and operability of products and services
before they are introduced to the Internet, as well as ongoing
scanning for publicly known vulnerabilities in the technology;
Internal and external reviews of our Internet website and services;
Monitoring of our systems infrastructure to detect weaknesses and
potential intrusions;
Implementing controls to identify, authenticate and authorize access
to various systems or sites;
Protecting information during transmission through various means
including, where appropriate, encryption; and
Providing Bitrefill personnel with relevant training and continually
updating our security practices in light of new risks and developments
in technology.
4.1. Specifically: your password
Customers are responsible for ensuring that their password is not shared
or accessed by any other person, as well as for keeping their devices
safe.
Bitrefill highly recommends its customers to use the 2FA (two-factor
authentication) feature made available to them.
We have in place the following security measures for your password:
To ensure the safety of your password, we have implemented a series of
security measures.
Our password strength validator checks for a minimum length, as well as
the presence of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special
characters. By hashing passwords, we ensure that even if a potential
breach occurs, actual passwords will remain undisclosed.
To further protect your account, we confirm the password reset token
before allowing a password change. Finally, we notify users whenever
their password is changed to ensure they are aware of any unauthorized
modifications.
5. How can you exercise your data subject rights?
Under certain circumstances, you have the following rights under the
data protection laws in relation to your personal data:
Right to access, correct or erase your personal data. This enables you
to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check
that we are lawfully processing it, correct any inaccuracies or
request (to the extent permitted by law) the deletion of your data.
Object to the processing of your personal data where we are relying on
a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is
something about your particular situation that makes you want to
object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your
fundamental rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables
you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the
following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase
it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as
you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify
whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to
process your personal data.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact
us in writing to
support@bitrefill.com
.
Please note that when applicable exceptions apply, some or all of these
rights may not be enforceable. This will be the case, for example, if we
have reason to suspect you may have been using our platform for unlawful
purposes. In these cases, we can either refuse to, for example, erase
your personal data and transactions record, or agree to do it within a
certain reasonable time period that would allow us to confirm or waive
our suspicions.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to
exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable
fee if your request is unreasonable, repetitive or excessive.
Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these
circumstances.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is
particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this
case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
6. How long do we keep your personal data?
We will keep your personal data for the time needed to fulfil the
purpose for which it was collected, be it selling you Products,
complying with legal obligations, or protecting ours, yours or other’s
interests.
If you have an account with us, we will keep your data collected in
relation to your account activity for as long as the account exists.
We will keep information that is collected and processed for compliance
purposes (namely information connected with ongoing investigations, or
processed in the context of our anti-money laundering policy), for a
minimum of 5 years, in accordance with applicable legislation and our
internal money laundering process. This includes basic information data,
KYC customer data, financial data, wallet data, transaction data, and certain device,
browser and app data. We keep this information regardless of your
request to delete it, if you have purchased Products that require KYC or
if you have engaged in certain types of behaviour with
Bitrefill that are considered by us as high risk.
We will keep information that is relevant for tax purposes for a minimum
of 7 years.
We will keep information about your application for a job at Bitrefill
until the moment we fill out the position, and unless you authorize us
to keep that information further for consideration for new job openings,
we will delete it and you will need to resubmit it again if you want to
reapply.
If you request us to delete your personal data, we will comply with that
request to the extent possible. In certain circumstances, we may be
forced by tax, anti-money laundering or other compliance regulations and
policies, to keep your data despite of your request. We will inform you
of that circumstance.
7. Minors
Our website and services are not intended for children under 16 years of
age.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16.
If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information to us without
parental consent. If we learn we have collected or received personal
information from a child under 16 without verification of parental
consent, we will delete that information.
8. International transfers
To enable our platform and services, we may need to transfer and process
your personal data in countries outside the EEA, where Bitrefill is
based. Although we strive to ensure that your personal data remains
within the EEA whenever possible, certain third-party providers are
located abroad and therefore in certain circumstances transferring your
personal data internationally is unavoidable.
When that happens, we rely on adequacy decisions from the European
Commission, whenever possible, and on the European Commission’s Standard
Contractual Clauses to enable the transfer of data to third countries.
We also rely on exemptions provided by the GDPR (article 49), for
example in order to share personal information when requested by law
enforcement authorities, or to connect with our suppliers in order to
fulfil your order.
9. Miscellaneous
9.1 If you have questions about this Privacy Policy and how we handle
your data, please send an email to
support@bitrefill.com
with your
question.
9.2. As our platform evolves, we may need to modify our Privacy Policy
from time to time. Those changes will be made in this page, and when
significant, we will inform you.
If you wish to contact us for any matter related with the Bitrefill
Global Privacy Policy or with how we process your personal data, please
contact us at
support@bitrefill.com
.
10. Cookies Policy
This policy relates to the website www.bitrefill.com, owned by AIRFILL
PREPAID AB, a limited company incorporated under the laws of Sweden
and registration no. 559001-6035 (“Bitrefill”), and explains how it
deploys cookies and what options do you have to control them (the
“Cookie Policy”).
10.1. What are “cookies”?
Cookies are very small pieces of data, stored in text files on your
computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser.
They are used mainly to “remember” you and your preferences.
In many sites, they ensure a consistent and efficient experience
for visitors, and perform essential functions such as allowing
users to register and remain logged in. Cookies can be set by the
site that you are visiting (known as “first party cookies”), or
by third parties, such as those who serve content or provide
advertising or analytics services on the website (“third party
cookies”). Websites may also contain other similar technologies
such as “web beacons” or “pixels.” These are typically small
transparent images that provide us with statistics, for similar
purposes as cookies. They are often used in conjunction with
cookies, though they are not stored on your computer in the same
way. As a result, if you disable cookies, web beacons may still
load, but their functionality will be restricted. For the purposes
of this policy, we will use “cookies” as also including “web
beacons” or “pixels”.
10.2. What cookies does this website use?
The website uses third-party performance cookies. Through these
cookies, we do not collect nor process any of your data: we just
enable the collection and processing of such data by third-parties.
Performance cookies collect information on how users interact with
our website, including number of visitors, time spent, as well as
other analytical data. We use these details to improve how our
website function and to understand how users interact with it, and
also to improve our advertising strategies. We may use the following
cookies:
AMP_TOKEN
Google Universal Analytics
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service. Other possible values indicate opt-out, inflight request or an error retrieving a Client ID from AMP Client ID service.
_ga
This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
__cfduid
CloudFlare
Cookie assoiated with sites using CloudFlare, used to speed up page load times. According to CloudFlare it is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from. It does not contain any user identification information.
__fdp
Facebook
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers
Also, following the consent you provide for the use of the
abovementioned cookies, we deploy a single cookie for the single
purpose of remembering such consent.
10.3. How can you control the use of cookies in this website?
A “cookie notice” appeared when you accessed our website, requesting
your consent for the use of cookies. Your consent should be free,
explicit, unambiguous and properly informed by this Cookie Policy.
When you consent in this manner, we place advertising cookies on your
browser. If you do not provide consent, we will not deploy any
cookies in your browser. If you do provide consent, you can opt-out
at any time by clicking here. By doing so, you won’t share information
with our analytics tool about events or actions that happen after the
opt-out.
10.4. Contact Us
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other related
questions, please refer to our
Privacy Policy
.
For any further questions, please contact us at
help.bitrefill.com
.
Show more options
Essential website functionalities (mandatory)
Understand and optimize user experience (optional)
Optimize advertising effectiveness (optional)
Sending user data related to advertising to Google (optional)
Personalize advertising (optional)
Personalize website contents (optional)
Only selected
Accept all