KLARIFY PRIVACY POLICY
ALK understands that the security of your private information is important and we take the protection of personal data that you provide on us.klarify.me or other of our websites (collectively, “Website”) or the klarify mobile application (“App”) and through other means very seriously.  This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how we collect, manage, use, protect and disclose the information that you may provide via our Website or App.  By visiting our Website or App, or by registering as a user of the on-line services that we provide, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to our
Terms of Use
, as they may be amended from time to time.  ALK (“we”, “us”, “our”) means our entire company, including our United States affiliates, subsidiaries and related companies.
Our site may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by ALK.  This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by ALK, and does not apply to any information collected by any third party.  Accordingly, we recommend that you read the applicable third party privacy policies and terms for more information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
You can use our Website and App without disclosing your personal data. You are not required to provide personal information as a condition of using our Website or App, except as may be necessary to provide you with information, products or services at your request.  If you request information, products, or services from our Website or App, or ask us to resolve complaints or concerns, we may require certain information necessary to fulfill your request (e.g., your name, contact information, and other identifying information).  Personal information that you provide may be used by ALK to provide you with information, such as educational and marketing information about our products. We may use your information for market research and other marketing purposes, and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.  Please do not submit any personal information if you do not want it to be collected.
We collect personal information only when you provide it to us, through registration, completion of forms or e-mails, as part of an order for products or services, inquiries or requests about materials being ordered and similar situations in which you have chosen to provide the information to us.  If you choose not to provide any requested personal information, you may be unable to access certain areas of the Website or App, such as password protected areas.  We will retain control of and responsibility for the use of any personal information you disclose to us.  Any data used by the App and Website will either be stored on your device, outside of our control, or used by Google Analytics, as described below.
Data Processed by Us When You Use Our Website
We may process your contact information (including first name, last name, email address) when you provide such information on our Website to receive our newsletter, to resolve issues, or to provide answers to inquiries.  You may notify us at any time that you wish to unsubscribe by either clicking on the unsubscribe link in our newsletter, or by notifying our Customer Service Department at the address below.
Data Process by Us When You Use Our App
We may process your contact information (including first name, last name, email address), date of birth and gender.  This is to enable you to install the App, create a profile, share information and receive information, services or other offers tailored to your needs, to resolve issues or to provide answers to your inquiries (as relevant), and to provide the App and to help improve the App.  Data will only be retained for as long as you wish (see “Right of Access, Correction and Cancellation/Opt-Out” section below) or as long as we believe is relevant to the business situation or service, whichever is the earlier. Data will be collected from the information you provide to us when creating your profile through our App. You are required to provide the data for the purpose of creating a profile and without that data, you will not get most out of the app and personalized insights.
We may process behavioral analytical data, whether notifications (may include alerts, sounds and icon badges) are on or off, whether permission has been given to receive newsletter and any health data you have provided.  This is to personalize the user experience, customize your content and provide personalized offers to you, and to track the performance of the App and user behavior so that we can improve the user experience, and to improve, develop and provide a better personalized product and service.  Data will only be retained for as long as you wish (see “Right of Access, Correction and Cancellation/Opt-Out” section below) or as long as we believe is relevant to the business situation or service, whichever is the earlier. Data will be collected from the information you provide to us and through the way you use our App.  You can switch off data collection at any time in the app settings, but without that data, we will not be able to ensure that pollen information is accurate and personalized.
We may process geographical location, and the users’ pollen log including date and time.  This is to give you more accurate air quality and pollen data and to personalize your experience, and to ensure that pollen information is personalized and to collect anonymized data used for statistical purposes in order to improve the App.  Data will only be retained for as long as you wish (see “what are your right” section below) or as long as we believe is relevant to the business situation or service, whichever is the earlier.  Data will be collected from the information you provide to us and through the way you use our App. You can switch off data collection at any time in the App settings, but without that data, we will not be able to ensure that pollen information is accurate and personalized.
We may process geographical location, and the users’ pollen log including date and time. This is to give you more accurate air quality and pollen data and to personalize your experience, and to ensure that pollen information is personalized and to collect anonymized data used for statistical purposes in order to improve the App. Data will only be retained for as long as you wish (see “Right of Access, Correction and Cancellation/Opt-Out” section below) or as long as we believe is relevant to the business situation or service, whichever is the earlier. Data will be collected from the information you provide to us when entering your current location and using the allergy log. You are not required to provide the data if you do not want to, in which case your location will not be used, and you will not receive accurate pollen information. You can change your preference at any time in your settings. You can also download and delete the data the App has collected about you at any time in your settings. This will not include deletion of any anonymized data used for statistical purposes.
Disclosure of Personal Information
ALK does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. We may retain third party vendors to assist us to perform services on your behalf.  Such third party vendors may be provided with access to your personal information to perform their obligations pursuant to contractual obligations with us, but for no other purpose.  We may share your personal information with a company in connection with the sale or transfer of one of our product lines, business units or affiliates to that company.  Such company will be required to use and protect your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy.  ALK reserves the right to disclose your personal information to respond to duly authorized information requests from governmental authorities or when otherwise required by law.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are used in order for us to improve the efficiency of your individual use of the Website and the App.  Cookies are small text file identifiers that are sent to your web browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Cookies allow the Website to remember your computer on return visits.  This is particularly important for websites or an app that require you to sign in as it speeds up your access. We may use both session cookies that are deleted when you close your web browser and persistent cookies that may be used by the Website on subsequent visits.  When you use our Website, we automatically receive the name of you internet service provider, the website that you used prior to our Website, the websites that you visit from our Website and your Internet protocol address.  This information is not linked to personally identifiable information.
Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies automatically but you can change the web browser’s settings to refuse new cookies, disable existing ones or let you know before new cookies are stored on your computer.  However, if you refuse or disable cookies, some of the Website’s functionality may be lost.  We may also include web beacons (also known as web bug, pixel tag or clear GIFs) on our Website or e-mails.  Web beacons help us monitor the effectiveness of the Website by measuring the activity of the Website or how many users clicked on any elements of the Website.  Web beacons do not automatically obtain personal information from you but can tell us when you have opened your email or visited the Website.  If you want to delete any cookies or web beacons that are already on your computer or stop cookies or web beacons being stored on your computer in the future, see the “Help” section of your web browser.  For additional information about deleting or controlling cookies or web beacons, see
www.aboutcookies.org
.  In addition, you may opt-out of interest based advertising by participating providers by visiting
www.networkadvertising.org
for details on how to opt-out.
In addition to the cookies and similar technologies set out in our cookie policy (all referred to as “Other Information”), we use a technology service called
Smartlook
on this site to analyze customers’ browsing patterns to enable us to understand our users’ experience and improve our website. Smartlook uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (such as technical data (including Internet Protocol address in anonymized form), geographic location (country), and language preference). Smartlook stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Smartlook nor we will use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Smartlook’s privacy policy by clicking on this
link
. You can opt-out of the creation of a user profile by Smartlook, Smartlook’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Smartlook’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by opting out in the settings of your Smartlook user account or click the unsubscribe link provided in each email containing Smartlook offerings, and following this
opt-out link
.
In addition to the cookies and similar technologies set out in our cookie policy (referred to therein as “Other Information”), we use a Microsoft technology service called Clarity to analyze customers’ browsing patterns on this site. This technology enables us to understand our users’ experience and to improve our website. Clarity uses cookies and other technologies to collect data regarding our users’ behavior and their devices. The data collected includes technical data (including Internet Protocol addresses in anonymized form), geographic location data (i.e., the countries in which users sit), and language preferences). Clarity stores this information in an anonymized user profile. Neither Clarity nor ALK will use this information to identify individual users or to match the information with further data regarding individual users. For further details, please see Microsoft’s privacy policy by clicking on
this link
. Alternatively, click
here
to find out more about Clarity’s terms of use. You can opt-out of our cookies if you do not want your data to be collected for analytical purposes or to inform how ALK may improve your user experience.
Google Analytics
Our app and website use Google Analytics. Please refer to “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” for further information (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
).
Third-Party Advertisers or Remarketers
We may share Other Information about you with third parties including, but not limited to, advertising and remarketing providers, or other brand partners, for purposes of personalizing or otherwise understanding how you engage with ads or other content. For example, when a browser visits a site, pixel tags enable us and these third-parties to recognize certain cookies stored within the browser to learn which ads or other content bring a user to a given site. In addition, we may receive Other Information from these third parties, including through their service providers, such as advertising identifiers, IP addresses, and post-conversion data.
You may use the accompanying links to learn more about such providers and, if available, how to opt-out from their targeted ads or other personalization features. Please note you will not necessarily be opted-out of advertising or content generally; you may still receive generic ads or content.
For Instagram, please visit: Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/1896641480634370?ref=ig
For Facebook, please visit:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
For Snapchat, please visit:
https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/a/advertising-preferences
For TikTok, please visit:
https://www.tiktok.com/safety/en/ads-and-data/
Do Not Track and Advertising Across Different Websites
We currently do not change our tracking practices in response to “do-not-track” signals or other similar mechanisms. Third parties that have content or services on our website such as a social feature, analytics service, or an advertising network partner, may obtain information about your browsing or usage habits.  These third parties do not change their tracking practices in response to “do-not-track” signals from your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor “do-not-track” signals. To learn more about browser tracking signals and “Do Not Track,” please visit
www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Security
ALK uses reasonable technical and organizational security precautions to protect your personal information from manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons.  Any personal data that is provided to ALK by you will be encrypted in transit to prevent its possible misuse by third parties. Our security procedures are continuously revised based on new technological developments.  Due to the nature of Internet communications, we cannot guarantee that such communications are 100% secure or error-free and disclaim that the information you provide us will remain free from theft, loss, or unauthorized access or use by third parties, despite our best efforts.  You are responsible for maintaining the privacy of your own passwords and other special access numbers you might use to access the Website and App.
Children
Children under the age of 13 are not the intended audience for the Website or App.  In light of the importance of protecting children’s privacy, we do not knowingly collect personal information from this age group without prior parental or legal guardian consent.
Right of Access, Correction and Cancellation/Opt-Out
You have the right to access, review, correct, amend, change, restrict, and delete your preferences, your personal information stored in our system, withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data in the future, and/or receive a copy of your personal information stored in our system.  You also have the right to opt-out of our communications and discontinue receiving educational and/or promotional information at any time.  Please contact our Customer Service Department at the address below.
California Residents
We do not sell your personal information to third parties for money or other valuable consideration.  We do not share your personal information with unrelated third parties other than as part of a contract where they provide a service to us for the business and commercial purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Updates to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time so please review the Privacy Policy each time you access the Website and App.  Material changes will be indicated on the revised Privacy Policy.  Any changes will be effective immediately as of the updated revision date indicated below.
Contact Us
Please contact us with any problems, questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy at support-us@klarify.me, 800-325-7354 or ALK-Abelló, Inc., 1700 Royston Lane, Round Rock, TX 78664.
Last updated: September 01, 2022
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語