App Store
Preview
This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and Apple Watch.
Screenshots
iPhone
Apple Watch
Description
Only use this app if you have the Dexcom G6 CGM System.
See your glucose number and where it’s heading with just a quick glance at your compatible smart device* with the Dexcom G6 Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) System – Approved for diabetes treatment decisions with zero fingersticks†, no scanning, and no calibration.  Discuss with your healthcare professional how you should use the information displayed on the Dexcom G6 to help manage your diabetes.
*For a list of compatible smart devices, please visit dexcom.com/compatibility.
†If your glucose alerts and readings from the Dexcom G6 do not match symptoms or expectations, use a blood glucose meter to make diabetes treatment decisions.
Dexcom G6 provides real-time glucose readings as frequently as every five minutes. Dexcom G6 is approved for children age 2 and older.
The Dexcom G6 System provides personalized trend alerts right on your smart device and lets you see when your glucose levels are going too low, or too high, so you can better manage your diabetes. The Alert Schedule feature lets you schedule and customize a second set of alerts.  Custom alert sounds are available, including a Vibrate-Only option on the phone for glucose alerts. The only exception is the Urgent Low Alarm, which you can’t turn off.
The Always Sound setting allows you to receive certain Dexcom CGM Alerts even if your phone sound is off, set to vibrate, or in Do Not Disturb mode. This will allow you to silence calls or texts but still receive audible CGM Urgent Low Alarm and alerts: Low and High Glucose alert, Urgent Low Soon, and Rise and Fall Rate.    Always Sound is on by default. A Home screen icon shows you if your Alerts will sound or not.  For safety, the Urgent Low alarm and these alerts can’t be silenced: Transmitter Failed, Sensor Failed, and App Stopped.
In addition to the accurate performance provided by the Dexcom Sensor, you’ll receive other valuable features:
•	Share your glucose data with your followers who can monitor your glucose data and trends on their compatible smart device with the Dexcom Follow app. Share and Follow functions require an internet connection
•	Health app access so you can share retrospective glucose data with third party apps
•	Today View widget, which allows you to view your glucose data on the lock screen of your smart device
•	Ask Siri* to read your current glucose value, using a custom phrase
•	A Dexcom Clarity link on the landscape trend graph lets you easily transition to the Clarity App to view more information on your glucose trends
*Siri may not be available in all regions. Check Apple’s website to see if Siri is available in your country.
Apple Watch
View your glucose information, trend graph, and alerts and alarms right from your wrist with the Dexcom G6 Apple Watch app. Watches require compatible smart device to use app.
Dexcom G6 watch face complications allow you to view your glucose number and arrow from your watch face
more
What’s New
Version History
4 Dec 2024
Version 1.12.0
•	Performance enhancements and bug fixes
Ratings and Reviews
See All
3.1
out of 5
38 Ratings
38 Ratings
Great app but is constantly losing signal!!
I really love the app and it has improved my blood sugars massively since I started using it. My HBA1c has reduced from 65 to 51 in the space of 6 months. Recently, the app is continually losing signal and doesn’t rectify itself. I have to switch off/on my phone or Bluetooth to get it working again. I have changed transmitter and the issue still persists. It probably loses signal 10-15 times a day. It seems to happen most during the night which is really frustrating because I wake up not knowing what my sugars have been during the night. Can you please create an app fix for this???
more
Generally good but alerts are not implemented correctly
The app does its general work, displaying the  glucose, really good. Even if only for 24 hours. Connection issues others complained about in my experience relate to a low battery. With a full battery I don’t have any real problems anymore, but the phone needs to nearby.
My big issue with the app is the algorithm of the alarms. Generally it seems as if the alarms are triggered once the glucose reaches the threshold with a bit of tolerance. It does not take into account if the glucose goes down for the high threshold or up for the low threshold. This means the alarm goes off multiple times if the glucose hovers around the threshold, even after confirming an alarm. Very annoying, particularly at night.
The real big issue however is that when the glucose gets up, the alarm only gets off once. If this is ignored, the glucose can go to an extremely high level, without getting notified. This behaviour of the app is simply dangerous, and I cannot understand why the developers did not implement a more sophisticated algorithm.
more
Used to be perfect
This app used to be perfect until a bout two months ago. I don’t always receive alerts when I’m high or low. When I open the app, I have to wait 2-3 seconds for the most up to date reading to show up. Not sure how this delay started because this used to be instant. Please fix this! This is preventing alerts from going off when needed.
more
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
Dexcom
, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the
developer’s privacy policy
.
Data Linked to You
The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:
Health & Fitness
Location
Contact Info
Contacts
User Content
Identifiers
Usage Data
Sensitive Info
Diagnostics
Other Data
Privacy practices may vary based on, for example, the features you use or your age.
Learn More
Information
Provider
DexCom, Inc. has identified itself as a trader for this app and confirmed that this product or service complies with European Union law.
Address
6340 Sequence Drive
San Diego California 92121
United States
Phone Number
+1 8586996895
Email
phedlund@dexcom.com
Size
78.4 MB
Category
Medical
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 15.0 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 15.0 or later.
Apple Watch
Requires watchOS 4.0 or later.
Languages
English, Arabic, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish
more
Age Rating
4+
Copyright
© 2024 Dexcom
Price
Free
Developer Website
App Support
Privacy Policy
Developer Website
App Support
Privacy Policy
More By This Developer
Dexcom G7
Medical
Dexcom Clarity
Medical
Dexcom Follow mmol/L DXCM1
Medical
Dexcom ONE+
Medical
Dexcom G6 OUS Simulator
Medical
You Might Also Like
See All
Glooko - Track Diabetes Data
Medical
Ypsomed mylife App
Medical
t:simulator™ App
Medical
Sugarmate | Diabetes Tracker
Medical
MiniMed™ Mobile
Medical
Diabetes:M
Medical
Sub-section Policy: 