Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy describes the information collected   through our mobile applications and the use of the information.
We do not collect any personal information from children with our Apps.
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don't require you to provide any information and we don't collect any information about you, except for nonpersonal information about the duration the App is used and how the App is used, such as the screens viewed and actions taken within our mobile applications.
We do not give out any information to anybody outside our company.
We comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
Our mobile applications comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We don't knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Advertising and Analytics
We can use
our own self-hosted system
to serve advertisements and provide analytics in connection with our apps. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other tracing technologies to collect information about your use of our apps, including your IP address, MAC address, device identifiers, software and hardware information, browser information, time zone and usage information.
How we use this information collected in our apps
We collect this Information to improve performance and reliability of our Apps  and to get a better understanding of what users in general prefer. We do not link any of this Information in any way to individuals or any other information we might obtain. We do not share, sell or in any other way give other persons or companies.
To receive our technical support, we need your email address.
When you request support, you may send us an email or contact us via our support page on our website.
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use   of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may   receive your email address and other information you provide related to   your support request ("Support Information"). We use Support Information   only
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We use Support Information only for the support for   the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under   Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. We don't rent   or sell your email address.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at support [at] cleverbit [dot] net.