PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated:
April 18, 2020
WHO WE ARE
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding Busy People LLC’s (“we”, “us”, “our”, “ours”, “Busy People LLC”), policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information. By signing up to our service you are agreeing to the below terms and conditions and acknowledge the information below.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
This privacy notice applies to any Busy People LLC, Website, service, or Application (collectively “Services”) where this privacy notice is referenced, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices.
PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The purpose of this privacy policy is to help you better understand how we store, collect, and process your personal data. This policy is meant to help you understand more about why we collect and use your data whether you’re a Busy People LLC customer or even if you’re just visiting the Busy People LLC website.
In particular, by visiting this website you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this privacy policy, including any updates or revisions to this privacy policy. This policy does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content that can be accessible from this website.
CCPA
& GDPR
DISCLOSURE
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), Busy People LLC must affirmatively inform California consumers of the categories of personal information collected about the consumer, the sources from which that information is collected, the commercial or business purpose for which the personal information is collected, the categories of third parties the information will be shared with, and specific pieces of personal information collected about the consumer.
We also participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data transferred from European Economic Area (“EEA”) member countries, Switzerland and the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Busy People LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT & HOW WE PROCESS DATA
We are a data Processor and Collector. We process data received from our website and services and take proportionate precaution in storing such information for short periods on our secure servers until permanently destroyed.  Our servers and offices are located in the United States, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States.
Our Website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (”personal information”). In particular, our Platform has collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category A: Identifiers
Examples: A real name Information, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers, device information.
Collected: YES
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Examples: A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Collected: YES
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Examples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Collected: YES
We obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete on our Platform.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Platform or interactions with our advertisers.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION BUSY PEOPLE LLC COLLECTS
Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific person. When you engage in certain activities via the Company Service, including but not limited to creating an account, sending feedback, or otherwise participating in the Company Service (collectively, “Identification Activities”), we will ask you to provide certain information about yourself. We also collect the following:
Identity Data
Contact Data
Technical Data
Usage Data
Transaction Data
Financial Data
Assessment Data
Profile Data
Marketing and Communications Data
If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity we will ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your name, address (including zip code), email address, credit card information, telephone number and/or any other information you provide to us, to process your transaction, send communications about them to you, and populate forms for future transactions.
When you enroll in the Company Service, we will also ask you to provide us with additional information, such as credit card information. Depending on the Identification Activity, some of the information we ask you to provide will be identified as mandatory and some identified as voluntary.  If you do not provide mandatory information for an Identification Activity, you will not be permitted to engage in that Identification Activity with the Company Service.  Depending on the Identification Activity, Company might not re-ask you for Personally Identifiable Information if such are already stored with us.
If you enroll in the Company Service through a third party (such as Facebook or Google) then Company will receive Personally Identifiable Information from such third party and by using the Company Service, you consent to such receipt of Personally Identifiable Information and its use pursuant to this Privacy Policy by Company.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific person. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to the Company Service or otherwise participating in the Company Service, the URL of the website you visit after leaving the Company Service, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, mobile carrier information, mobile device information, or general and/or aggregated location data that does constitute Personally Identifiable Information.
We, and/or our authorized Third-Party Service Providers, may automatically collect this information when you visit or use the Company Service using electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described below in this Privacy Policy.  Most of the other information we collect for mobile, such as your mobile device identification and mobile device type, the request type, your mobile carrier, your mobile carrier user identification, and the content of your request, does not by itself identify you to Company, though it may be unique or consist of or contain information that you consider personal.
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Company Service, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We will also share this information with our authorized Third-Party Service Providers to measure the overall effectiveness of our products and services.
COOKIES, AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES
Our Site uses “cookies” to enhance User experience. A User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert users when cookies are being sent. If this is done then note that some parts of the Site will not function properly. Our third-party advertisers use cookies to track your prior visits to our websites and elsewhere on the Internet in order to serve you targeted ads.
We collect cookies or similar tracking technologies. This means information that our website’s server transfers to your computer. This information can be used to track your session on our website. Cookies will also be used to customize our website content for you as an individual. If you are using one of the common Internet web browsers, you can set up your browser to either let you know when you receive a cookie or to deny cookie access to your computer. Please note that because there is no consistent industry understanding of how to respond to “Do Not Track” signals, we do not alter our data collection and usage practices when we detect such a signal from your browser
We also use cookies to attribute visits to our websites to third-party sources and to serve targeted ads from Google, Facebook, Instagram and other third-party vendors. We use cookies to recognize your device and provide you with a personalized experience. We also use automated tracking methods on our websites, in communications with you, and in our products and services, to measure performance and engagement.
DISABLING COOKIES
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. Details on how to review your cookie settings and disable cookies on the most popular browsers are given on their respective websites.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. We use this data to analyze trends, gather demographic information, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
FIREBASE
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc. You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
AMPLITUDE
We may upload account information from our mobile app to “Amplitude” in order to create reports about the use of our mobile app and also to help us solve problems and errors that may occur. Amplitude is an analytics service provided by Amplitude, Inc. For more information on the privacy practices of Amplitude, please visit the Amplitude Privacy & Terms web page: https://amplitude.com/privacy
EXTERNAL LINKS
Users will find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services will have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
Busy People LLC collects and use user personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
The information provided helps us respond to customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We use feedback provided to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We use the information users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
To market to users,
For business analytics
To prevent abusive activities or activity against company policies
We use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
THIRD-PARTY INTEGRATIONS
We may use the Personal Information to enable your use of the integrations and plugins connected to your Busy People LLC account. This allows us to configure your integration(s) in accordance with your preferences.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We do not sell, trade, or rent a User’s personal identification information to others. We do not use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys.
We will share information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that users have given us permission. This information is share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes of offering discounts and ways to redeem such discounts.
PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
Financial transactions relating to our website and services will be handled by our payment services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
We will disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies, this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
We will disclose your inquiry data to one or more of those selected third-party suppliers of services via APIs identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to connect your account with their Services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the inquiry data that we supply to it.  Each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party’s use of your personal data.
VOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES WHO ARE NOT OUR SUPPLIERS
You may choose to provide personal information to website visitors or other third parties who are not our suppliers. Please use caution when doing so. The privacy policies and customs of these third parties determine what is done with your information.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)        The right to access;
(b)        The right to rectification;
(c)        The right to erasure;
(d)        The right to restrict processing;
(e)        The right to object to processing;
(f)         The right to data portability;
(g)        The right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)        The right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by visiting your profile when logged in.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay, and at the latest within one month of receiving your valid request. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully process. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful, but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)     Consent; or
(b)     That the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
HOW TO OPT OUT OF FUTURE COMMUNICATIONS
Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request sending us a message via email: support@getquranic.com We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
You can access your Personally Identifiable Information via the Company Service with your password and username. This password is encrypted. We advise against sharing your password with anyone.
If you access your account via a third-party site or service, you may have additional or different sign-in protections via that third-party site or service. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-in mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer, browser, or mobile device by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
If we believe that the security of your information may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to.
We encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us.  However, no data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies that do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from or via the Company Service, and we are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
If you are a minor, please do not provide us or other website visitors with any personal information and do not use this website. We do not knowingly provide services or sell products to children. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18, we will delete that information. If you believe we have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at support@getquranic.com.
DATA RETENTION
Our data retention policies and procedure are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall be kept until such time as we receive a request for deletion from you. This time period shall not exceed eighteen (18) months.
Notwithstanding the other provisions, we will retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
INTERNATIONAL PRIVACY LAWS
If you are visiting the Services from outside the United States, please be aware that you are sending information (including Personal Data) to the United States where our servers are located. That information may then be transferred within the United States or back out of the United States to other countries outside of your country of residence, depending on the type of information and how it is stored by us. These countries (including the United States) may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence; however, our collection, storage and use of your Personal Data will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Australia Privacy Act of 1988 (“Australian Privacy Act”)
We are subject to the operation of the Privacy Act 1988 (“Australian Privacy Act”). As such:
You may opt out of any marketing materials we send to you
We may share your Personal Information outside of Australia to our business operations in other countries.
You may access the Personal Information we hold about you.
If you find that the information we have is not up to date or is inaccurate or incomplete, please contact us via email.
THE EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) FOR EEA, SWITZERLAND AND UK ONLY.
The GDPR requires Busy People LLC and Servicers using the Service to provide Users with more information about the processing of their Personal Data. The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we’re relying on to process any Personal Data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out above will typically be because:
You provided your consent; it is necessary for our contractual relationship;
The processing is necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations;
And/or the processing is in our legitimate interest as a service platform.
TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
As Busy People LLC is a global company, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. This may be intra-group or to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside the EEA, Switzerland and the UK which have no data protection laws or laws that are less strict compared with those in Europe.
Whenever we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, we take legally required steps to make sure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data. For Personal Data we receive from the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, Busy People LLC, has certified its compliance to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from those countries.
We have certified that we adhere to the Privacy Shield principles of Notice, Choice, and Accountability for Onward Transfers, Security, Data Integrity & Purpose Limitation, Access and Recourse, Enforcement & Liability when processing Personal Data from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK in the United States.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have a question or a complaint about this privacy notice, our global privacy standards, or our information handling practices, you can reach us at:
support@getquranic.com
17805 SE 144th St, Renton, Washington 98059