Drums app
TERMS OF USE
For any information or questions, you can write to us directly at the following email address: support-Drums@mwmapps.com. We will get back to you as quickly as possible.
Last update: 1
st
of December 2020
1.
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to Drums app, a service and mobile application offered by MWM (« Drums app » or the “App”) and our Terms of Use which affects your Drums app.
These Terms of Use, our
Privacy Policy
, and the Community Rules, constitute a legal binding agreement, which is a contract (the « Agreement ») between you and MWM, regarding the use of Drums app.
The Head of Publication is Jean-Baptiste Hironde.
IF YOU DON’T AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, THEN PLEASE DON’T USE THE SERVICE.
2.
TERMS
Drums app is edited by MWM, a French simplified joint-stock company (SAS), with a capital of 2.098,79 euros, with registered offices at 54, Avenue du Général Leclerc, 92100, Boulogne Billancourt, France, registered in the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under number 513 627 299, Tel: +33 9 82 29 20 98, (hereinafter “MWM”, “The Company”, « we », « us » « our »).
The App is hosted on the Apple App Store, with servers geographically located in data centers in Europe (mostly in Belgium, United Kingdom and Germany), with registered offices at Apple Inc., One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA, and can be contacted through the following link:
https://support.apple.com/contact
.
Drums app is registered with the CNIL (Commission National de l’informatique et des Libertés) under number 1407706.
3.
ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF USE
The purpose of the Terms of Use is to define the conditions under which you may use the App, and the Services provided by MWM. It is very important that you carefully read and understand these Terms of Use, because by registering on the App, and / or using its functionalities, you acknowledge that you are bound by these Terms of Use and agree to comply with them in their entirety. These Terms of Use prevail over any previous agreement, exchange or arrangement that may have been reached between you and MWM
MWM reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time, in full or in part. In the event of amendments to the Terms of Use, you will be informed by a push notification / pop up displayed when you open the App. The amended version of the Terms of Use will come into force thirty (30) days after the notification you received. You can also determine the date the latest amendments were made by MWM by checking the “last updated” date given above.
IF YOU DON’T AGREE WITH THESE CONDITIONS, THEN PLEASE DON’T USE Drums app.
You can consult these Terms of Use at any time under the heading “Terms of Use” on our website: http://musicworldmedia.com/products/Drums/tos.
4.
DESCRIPTION OF THE DRUMS APP SERVICES
Drums app is a mobile application, which allows users to play songs on a Drums-like interface. The App offers in particular the following functionalities:
•
Creating your User Account. You may nevertheless access the App without any User Account;
•
Using MWM Contents;
•
Consulting these Terms of Use.
All new services and features will respect these Terms of Use as well as the other additional usage modes we can activate for these services or features.
In some cases, the use of the App will require Wifi or mobile broadband internet access and the data credit provided by your operator. The cost of the data connectivity service may vary among service providers. It is your responsibility to review such costs and to determine whether you wish to bear such costs or not.
Access to the App and the Services are entirely free of charge, except for the Premium Services.
You may subscribe to the Premium Services directly on the App, through the App Store or Google Play.
The subscriptions we offer are renewed tacitly monthly or yearly (or any other period available on the App), depending on the subscription you have chosen. If you wish to cancel your subscription, you must do it through Apple or Google at least 24 hours before the next invoicing date (see in particular: https://support.apple.com/HT202039). If you cancel your subscription, you will still be able to use the Premium Services features until the expiry of your subscription. All fees paid in advance are acquired by MWM, and you will in no case be refunded pro-rata for the time left on your subscription.
You are informed that MWM reserves the right to change the subscription plans, or adjust their pricing, in any manner and at any time. Any price changes or changes to your subscription plan will take effect after a reasonable notice period.
Unless otherwise allowed through the Apple Store or Google Play, in accordance with article L121-21-8, 13° of the French Consumer Code, you are informed, that when subscribing to the Premium Services, you expressly accept that the performance of the contract begins at the time of your purchase, and waive your right of withdrawal.
The cost of connecting to the Internet, and other fees relating to telecommunications are entirely your own responsibility.
If you subscribe to the Premium Services, the App will be free from any advertising, and you may have access to the following additional functionalities:
-
get unlimited access to the Premium songs catalog and
-
play with all instruments available in the App.
5.
REGISTRATION / CONNECTION
5.1
Access to the App / Downloading
To access the App, you must download it to your smartphone or tablet, via Apple, Google or android third party store legal downloading platform (
App Store, Google Play …
). The download is free.
5.2
Minimum age
To register on the App and / or use the Services:
·
if you reside in the European Union
: you must be at least 16 years old at the time of registration, or the minimum age required in your country (15 years old in France);
·
if you reside outside of the European Union
: you must be at least 13 years old at the time of registration, or the minimum age required in your country.
If you are too young to accept the Terms of Use in your country of residence, a parent or legal guardian must approve your registration on the App and accept these Terms of Use on your behalf.
To purchase Premium Services, you must be at least 18 years old at the time of the purchase.
5.3
Registration process
To benefit from the Services offered by the App, you must first register by creating a User Account, which will be suggested as soon as you open the App. You can register via Facebook or Apple Sign In, or via your email address. In this respect, you must provide a password.
You may also access the App as a non-registered User, however the Services made available to you may be limited.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your password, and agree not to transfer your password, or lend or otherwise transfer your use of the Services or access to the App to any third party. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your username and password
and therefore MWM can, in no case, be held liable for the consequences of this use. You agree to immediately notify MWM of any unauthorized use of your email address and password or any other breach of security related to your User Account at
support-Drums@mwmapps.com
.
If you lose your password, you must use the dedicated link “Forgotten password” on the home page of our website / the App. You will be asked to enter your email address and validate the page. Following the validation of this page, an e-mail will be sent to the address indicated, and you will be asked to click on an activation link to change your password. You will be sent back to a page on the Site where you can then choose a new password.
Please consult our Privacy Policy hereunder for further information about how MWM uses your personal data and the procedures for exercising your rights:
www.musicworldmedia.com/products/Drums/tos
.
5.4
Verification of your User Account
When you register on the App, we will send you an email containing a link to verify your email address. You must click on this link in order to verify your email address.
6.
MWM CONTENT
Catalogue
: the page where you can browse all MWM Content made available to you.
MWM Content
: the content owned by MWM or for which MWM got the necessary Licences and authorisations that is made available to you through the Catalogue in the conditions set forth in these Terms of Use.
MWM care deeply and attaches a great importance to the respect of the artist’s, author’s and composer’s rights as well as the respect of intellectual property rights and Copyrights.
Therefore, MWM either owns or obtained the necessary licences and authorisations regarding all intellectual property rights relating to the MWM Content that is made available to you through the Catalogue.
MWM grants you, free of charge, and for the duration of your User Account, the personal and non-exclusive right to access and use works based on the MWM Content, exclusively within the App or the MWM Ecosystem, and for your own private and non-commercial use.
The licence granted to you regarding MWM Content is strictly limited to what is stated hereabove and therefore you shall be deemed liable for any use outside this scope. Notably, you shall be deemed responsible to the owners of the licenced MWM Content and to MWM for any publishing and/or reproduction of the MWM Content.
Any commercial use of MWM Content, or of User Content based on MWM Content without the prior written consent of MWM is strictly prohibited.
7.
GOOD CONDUCT / PROHIBITED BEHAVIOUR
By using the App, you formally undertake not to carry out via the Services any illegal and / or immoral acts contrary to public order, to comply with the laws and regulations in force, not to contravene public order, and not to jeopardise the normal course of the App and Services.
The App is an automatic data processing system. Any fraudulent access or remaining within such system is forbidden and sanctioned by law. In the same manner, any hindrance or alteration of the functioning of such system, or any introduction, deletion, or modification of the data contained in such system are forbidden. Therefore, you undertake not to disturb the functioning of this automatic data processing system, and in particular not to introduce any virus, nor to damage, illegally access, or modify, the data stored on the App.
You shall not extract and / or re-utilize parts of the content of the App without the prior written authorization of MWM. In particular, you shall not use any screen scraping, web scraping, or “crawling” robot, or any similar tool for the collection of data in order to extract or re-utilize a substantial part, or a non-substantial part but in a systematic or repeated way, or the elements contained on the App.
You undertake not to access, or attempt to access the App by any mean other than the interface of the App provided by MWM, nor to engage in any activity likely to hinder or disturb the functioning of the App.
8.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS ON THE APP
MWM grants you, free of charge, the personal and non-exclusive right to access and use the App, exclusively for your own private and non-commercial use, in accordance with the conditions set out in these Terms of Use.
The architecture of the App, graphics, concepts, scenarios, names and trade names, trademarks, logos, slogans, domain names, databases, software, and all other components of the App, although this is not an exhaustive list (hereinafter the “Protected Elements”), are the exclusive property of MWM. As such, you are hereby informed that these Terms of Use do not entail any assignment of intellectual property rights attached to the App or to the Protected Elements in your favour.
Consequently, you shall refrain from any action that could damage, directly or indirectly, the intellectual property rights of MWM. As such, the use, reproduction, transmission, marketing or creation of derivative works based on the Protected Elements without the prior written agreement of MWM is strictly prohibited and punishable as copyright infringement.
9.
PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
If you have approved them, you may receive push notifications via the App to inform you of events relating to your User Account, or to the Services when MWM wants to share news about the App, its features, or the Premium Services.
You can deactivate or configure push notifications at any time on the “Settings” page of your device.
10.
EXCLUSIONS FROM GUARANTEES
You hereby acknowledge that you use the App at your own risk. MWM cannot be held liable for the quality or comprehensiveness or availability of the Services offered by the App, the latter being offered “as is”. Furthermore, MWM reserves the right to amend or suspend its Services at its discretion, and to stop producing the App at any time, without incurring any liability as a result.
MWM shall do its best efforts to maintain the App available 7 days a week, and 24 hours a day. However, access to the App may be temporarily suspended, in case of planned or unplanned maintenance, migrations, updates, or constraints related to the functioning of Internet.
It is recalled that the transmission of data over the internet only benefits from a limited reliability. The networks used to transmit such data may have different characteristics and capacities and are likely to be saturated at certain times of the day, which may affect their delay of transmission and their availability.
11.
LIABILITY
The App is to be used for private purposes only.
MWM cannot be held liable for any indirect damage, resulting from your use of the App (and in particular but without limitation loss of data, loss of customers or business, loss of chance or opportunities, loss of reputation), or from your impossibility to access the App, your use of the elements contained on the App, from any default, bug or interruption of the App.
MWM will make its best efforts to secure your access to the App but shall not ensure full security. MWM shall not be held liable in relation to any bug or damages relating to the use of the Internet network, such as service breakdowns, external intrusions, or in the presence of IT viruses, or security breaches that may cause damages to your IT equipment or data.
Also, MWM shall not be liable for the consequences resulting from your violation of the Terms of Use. Therefore, you undertake to indemnify MWM in case of action from a third party, or in case MWM is sanctioned due to your fault.
12.
DELETING YOUR USER ACCOUNT
You may, at any time, decide to delete your User Account by contacting: support-Drums@mwmapps.com. Your request will be processed within the best delays.
Deleting your User Account will entail the permanent deletion of your User Content and personal data, subject to MWM’s legal obligations.
If you wish to re-register on the App, you must provide all your information again.
13.
TERMINATION
If you fail to comply with these Terms of Use, MWM reserves the right to suspend your access to the App without notice by closing your User Account, temporarily or permanently, without prejudice to any compensation for damages that MWM is entitled to claim.
14.
CONTACT
For any information or questions, you can write to us directly at the following email address: support-Drums@mwmapps.com. We will get back to you as quickly as possible.
15.
FINAL PROVISIONS
MWM’s failure, at any time, to enforce any of the provisions of these Terms of Use and / or its tolerance of the non-fulfilment of any of the obligations set out in these Terms of Use cannot be interpreted as MWM waiving any subsequent enforcement of any of the aforementioned provisions.
If one or more of the provisions of these Terms of Use are deemed invalid or declared as such in application of a law or regulation, or following a final decision made by a competent court, the other provisions shall retain their full force and scope. MWM may, where applicable, replace the invalid provision(s) with a new provision.
The titles of the articles in these Terms of Use are for information purposes only and should not be considered as having any legal value.
16.
APPLICABLE LAW - DISPUTES
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of France.
In case a disagreement or a dispute arises, you may contact MWM directly in an attempt to resolve the dispute amicably.
If the dispute cannot be resolved amicably, you are informed that you can choose to use mediation free of charge.
You can also visit the European online Dispute resolution platform, available at:
https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr/
.
Any disagreement and / or difficulty with the interpretation or execution of these Terms of Use shall be referred to the competent courts.
PRIVACY POLICY
Last update: 1
st
of December 2020
WHO ARE WE AND WHAT IS THIS DOCUMENT?
The Drums application (the "
App
") has been developed and is operated by MWM, which is located
54, Avenue du Général Leclerc, 92100, Boulogne Billancourt, France
and can be contacted by email at: support-Drums@mwmapps.com, (hereinafter "
MWM
").
MWM is very mindful of respecting your private life and the confidentiality of personal data relating to you (hereinafter “
Personal Data
”). This privacy policy is intended to inform you of how your Personal Data are collected, processed and stored by MWM and its processors when you use the App and related services.
MWM undertakes to process your Personal Data in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, and in particular the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, or "GDPR", and Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 on information technology, data files and liberties, in its current version (hereinafter the “
Applicable Regulations
”).
Please note that MWM can amend this privacy policy at any time, in full or in part. If the privacy policy is amended, you will be informed by a push notification and an email sent to you with a link toward the updated privacy policy.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT AND WHAT FOR?
MWM processes your Personal Data for the purposes and on the legal bases set out below.
16.1
Personal Data collected when you register on the App
When you register on the App, you must provide a certain amount of information, particularly your email and password.
You can also decide to sign up with Apple, using your Apple ID, or with Facebook which will transmit to MWM the public information on your Facebook profile: name, surname, profile picture, and if you chose to share it or if authorized in your Facebook settings, your email address. Please note that if you chose to hide your email address, we won't have it, but we will nevertheless be able to communicate with you through Apple or Facebook.
MWM processes such Personal Data for the creation and management of your account and for providing the services offered via the App. This processing is necessary for entering into and executing a contract with you.
You are informed that MWM also uses your email address to send you service messages, and information relating to the App and direct marketing emails or newsletters relating to other similar products or services offered by MWM, on the basis of its legitimate interests to communicate with you and inform you of new products or services.
Please note that you can also access the App as a "visitor", without registering. The above Personal Data will then not be collected. Please read our Terms of Use for more details on the visitor access and features set out hereabove.
16.2
Personal Data collected when you subscribe
You can also subscribe to the App or make in-app purchases.
In case of in-app purchases, your card details and invoice information (name, surname and postal address) are collected and processed by Google or Apple, depending on the app store of your device.
16.3
Data collected when you contact MWM the App
While you are using the App, you may contact MWM. MWM will process your personal data based on its legitimate interests to process and answer your questions and claims.
16.4
Anonymous usage data
MWM may collect usage data, in an anonymous manner, in order to better organize and manage the contents it presents on the App. This data is aggregated and can in no respect identify you.
17.
ARE COOKIES SET ON YOUR DEVICE WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITE ?
§
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file sent to your browser by the website you visit or app you download, and stored on your device. Cookies allow the website or app to collect information about your visit, such as how you navigate through the website or your language preference, in order to improve your browsing experience and the content and functionality of the website or app.
§
What cookies are installed through our website?
You are informed that on our website, we only install cookies strictly necessary to manage your connection, allowing in particular to keep your session open.
§
How can you accept, refuse or delete cookies?
You are informed that you cannot use the App without the cookie.
18.
PERSONALIZED ADVERTISING
The first time you connect on the App, a pop up will be displayed, informing you that if you give your consent, your advertising ID (IDFA) and other data, such as location data, and other demographic and interest data about you will be transmitted to MoPub, a division of Twitter, and all its data partners, for the purpose of providing you with a personalized advertising experience. You are free to refuse or agree to such processing.
For more information on the data processing activities performed by MoPub and its data partners as data controllers, please consult the following documentation:
https://www.mopub.com/en/gdpr/gdpr-faq
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
You may withdraw your consent later by enabling the "Limit Ad Tracking" setting on iOS devices or "Opt-out of Ads personalisation" setting on Android devices.
19.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Your Personal Data may be transmitted to MWM’s processors and service providers, and particularly its technical, hosting, payment or client support services providers such as:
-
Zendesk for client support and ticketing;
-
SendinBlue emailing;
-
Google Cloud Platform and Elastic Cloud for data storage.
MWM may also need to share your Personal Data with its external advisors (lawyers, accountants, etc.).
You are hereby informed that, while MWM does not actively transfer your Personal Data outside the European Union, some of its data processors may do so, particularly to the United States, under the Privacy Shield:
-
Zendesk:
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
20.
HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR?
MWM shall store your Personal Data for any length of time required for the use of your account, as such, your Personal Data will be permanently deleted when you delete your account.
Furthermore, if your account remains inactive for a period of 3 years after the final user action, MWM will send you an email to inform you of the deletion of your account.
You are hereby informed that MWM reserves the right to store your Personal Data in its temporary archives where strictly necessary to defend its rights in the event of a dispute, for the applicable limitation period.
Also, please note that considering its status of hosting service provider, MWM is subject to a legal obligation to retain some Personal Data relating to you for a duration of one year, on the basis of article 6.II of the Law 2004-575 of 21 June 2004 on confidence in the digital economy (LCEN).
21.
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS?
In accordance with the Applicable Regulations, you have the rights to access, rectify, and delete your Personal Data. Under the conditions of the Applicable Regulations, you also benefit from the rights to request the limitation of the processing, the portability of your Personal Data, and the right to object to processing for reasons pertaining to your personal situation when the processing is based on MWM’s legitimate interest. You can also communicate instructions about the fate of your Personal Data in the event of your death.
You can also, at any time, and without reason, object to the processing of your Personal Data for the purposes of direct marketing.
You can exercise these rights with MWM by sending your request accompanied by a copy of an identity document by email to the following email address: privacy@mwm-apps.com or by mail, writing to the following address:
MWM,
54, Avenue du Général Leclerc, 92100, Boulogne Billancourt, France.
In any case, you may, at any time, submit a claim to the CNIL (French Data Protection Authority) (
www.cnil.fr
).
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy&sa=D&ust=1606908412534000&usg=AOvVaw1-ZL_J7HPByT4UEEdaN9lt:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.