Last updated: March 01, 2022
I, Sandya Leelarathne built the Split the Pic app. This SERVICE is provided by Sandya Leelarathne at as it is and is intended for use as is.

				This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

				If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

				The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at http://paddyviewfoundry.com/splitthepic/ unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

				The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
When you use our Services, we may automatically collect information about how you use our Services.
We use the information we collect for internal and service-related purposes, such as to provide, improve, and personalize our Services, and to develop new ones. We also use the information to communicate with you in order to provide you with information we think may be useful or relevant to you; to promote the Services; to analyze information in order to offer user-anonymous data products to third parties; to facilitate the sharing of information, including transaction data, as set forth below; to enforce this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service, and to protect the rights, property, or safety of Paddyview Foundry Pvt Ltd. or its users; and as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy. We may also use your personal information to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service; to send you information related to your requests and purchases; link or combine your personal information with other information we get about your use of other Services and from third parties to help understand you and your needs, and provide you with recommendations, better service, and customized marketing; and protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
While we will not knowingly share your information beyond any authorized disclosures, our Policy does not cover any other third parties, their products, actions, or their services. We cannot control how third parties collect, use, or secure your data. For information about third-party privacy practices, please consult their privacy policies.
In certain situations, businesses or third-party websites we're affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service
You can log in to our Services using sign-in services provided by third parties, including certain third party social networking platforms. Certain third-party services we may feature through our Services give you social media options to interact with buttons or widgets that let you like information or post information about your activities from our Site to third party sites and platforms publicly or within your network. These services will share certain personal information with us as described in the sign-in notices or in their privacy policies.
We maintain data handling and storage practices and procedures that are designed to promote the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your personal information after you update or delete it but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the
                DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit
                to our Service or other web sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by
                visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide
                the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in
                analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks
                on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other
                purpose.
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or
                if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable
                requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement
                and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices
                appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from
                unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of
                electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of
                the Personal Information we have collected from you.
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a
                third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to
                review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or
                practices of any third party sites or services.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 25, 2018 and will remain in effect except with
                respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately
                after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should
                check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any
                modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the
                modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.