Privacy Policy​
​
Last Date of Revision: August 4, 2018
Introduction
Our mission is to connect the world of auto enthusiasts in a meaningful and impactful way. This policy describes what information we collect and how it is used and shared. This policy covers all of RoadStr’s platforms, including its website and mobile applications, which we call the “RoadStr Services” or “Services”.
​
Types of Information Collected
​
Information you provide:
We collect the content and other information you provide when you use the Services, including when you sign up for an account, when you create and share content or message or communicate with others through the Services. This can include information in or about the content you provide or upload, such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. It can include information about the vehicles you may submit to your profile, the events you create or attend, and the groups you choose to follow or become a member of. We also collect information about how you use our Services, such as the type of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities.
Information that others provide:
We also collect content and information that other people provide when they use our Services, including information about you such as when they share a photo of you, send a message to you, or tag you, or contact information when they send an invitation to you.
Your networks and connections:
We collect information about the people and groups you are connected to and how you interact with them, such as the people you follow on our Services, the posts and content that you like, the events that you attend, and the groups you follow or become a member of. We collect information from the use of our meetup features including location, vehicle selected, and meeting points. We also collect contact information if you choose to upload, sync, or import it from a device, which we use for things like helping you and other find people you may know and for the other purposes listed below.
Your usage:
We collect information about how you use our Services, such as the types of content you view or engage with; the feature you use; the actions you take; the people or accounts you interact with; and the time, frequency and duration of your activities. For example, we log when you’re using and have last used our Services, and what posts or other content you view on our Services. We also collect information about how you use certain features like our post upload.
Device information:
We collect information from or about the computers, phones, or other devices where you install and/or access our Services depending on the permissions you have granted. We may associate the information we collect from your different devices, which helps us provide consistent Services across your devices. Here are some examples of the information we collect:
Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, and device identifiers
Device operations such as whether a window is foregrounded or backgrounded.
Identifiers such as device IDs.
Device signals including Bluetooth signals, and information about nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons, and cell towers
Device locations, including specific geographic locations such as through GPS, cellular networks, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Connection information such as the browser type, language, time zone, mobile phone number, and IP address.
Information about your device configuration in relation to our Services, including permissions granted and status of installation
​
Use of information
We use all of the information we have to help us provide and Support our Services. Here’s how:
​
Provide, improve, and develop the Services:
We are able to deliver our Services, personalize content, and make suggestions for you by using this information to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in on and off our Services.
We also use information to provide shortcuts and suggestions to you. For example, we may suggest content to you based on the interests configured on your profile matched against the content provided and tagged by other users.
When we have location information, we use it to tailor our Services for you and others, like helping you to search and locate content, users, vehicles, and events in your area and to help connect you to other drivers in our RoadSharing meetup feature.
We may conduct surveys to research ways to improve our Services, to test features in development, or to conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.
Communicate with you:
We use your information to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about our Services and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
Promote safety and security:
We use the information we have to help verify accounts and activity, to promote safety and security on and off our Services, such as by investigating suspicious activity or violations of our terms or policies.
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and support our Services and each of the uses outlined and described in this section of our policy.
​
Offer you promotions:
With your consent, we may use your data to show you promotions and offers adapted to your tastes and preferences that we believe may be of interest to you. You should know that you can deny the use of your data for this purpose by exercising your rights through the method described in the section titled “Exercising your rights provided under the GDPR”
​
Sharing on Our Services
People use our Services to connect and share with others. We make this possible by sharing your information in the following ways:
People you share and communicate with:
When you share and communicate using our Services, you have the ability to control who may see the information or content that you provide, based on the context and association of other members in relation to you and your activities. For example, when you tag content to a group or event, the members of that group or the attendees of that event may view that content. Additionally, your approved followers may view any of the content you upload to our Services. If you have a public profile setting, your content may be visible to non-following members through our search and discover functionalities.
Public information is any information you share from a profile with public setting, or information you share in a public group or public event. Public information is available to anyone on or off our Services and may be seen or accessed through online search engines.
In some cases, people you share and communicate with may re-share this content with others on and off our Services. When you comment on another person’s post or like their content on RoadStr, that person decides whether the content is public or private based on his or her profile setting.
People that see content others share about you:
Other people may use our Services to share content about you with the audience they choose. For example, people may share a photo of you, mention or tag you at a location in a post, or share information about you that you shared with them.
Apps, websites, and third-party integrations on or using our Services:
When you use third-party apps, websites, or other services that use or are integrated with our Services, they may receive information about what you post or share. For example, if you use the Facebook Login feature, Facebook may get information about your usage of our application.
When you use Facebook Login, we request your permission to access your public profile, which may include your name, profile photo, and friend’s list. We may use this information to enhance your experience on our Services and to facilitate your connections with other Facebook friends utilizing our Services.
New owner:
If the ownership or control of all or part of our Services or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Sharing with Third-Party Partners and Customers
​
We may work with third party companies who help us provide and improve our Services or who use advertising or related products, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to auto enthusiasts around the world.
Here are the types of third parties we can share information with about you:
Advertising, Measurement, and Analytics Services (Non-Personally Identifiable Information Only):
We want our advertising to be as relevant and interesting as the other information you find on our Services. With this in mind, we may use all of the information we have about you to show you relevant ads. We do not share information that personally identifies you (personally identifiable information is information like name or email address that can by itself be used to contact you or identifies who you are) with advertising, measurement, or analytics partners unless you give us permission. We may provide these partners with information about the reach and effectiveness of their advertising without providing information that personally identifies you, or if we have aggregated the information so that it does not personally identify you.
Vendors, service providers, and other partners
We may transfer information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who globally support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of our ads and services, or providing customer service. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them. RoadStr does apply strict selection criteria for their service providers, who comply with technical and organizational measures signed by contract. Additionally, in case of a contract resolution they are obliged to erase or transfer any data handled during their service supply.
Managing and deleting your information
You can manage the content and information you share when you use our Services through your profile posts page, edit profile screen, and through your settings. When utilizing our RoadSharing meetup feature, you may control your visibility to other users from the Visibility prompt.
We store data for as long as it is necessary to provide products and services to you and others, including those described above. Information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted.
You may submit a request to disable or delete your account at any time. When you request to delete your account, we delete things you have posted, such as photos, links, and vehicles. If you do not want to delete your account, but want to temporarily stop using our Services, you may request to disable your account instead. Keep in mind that the information others have shared about you is not part of your account and will not be deleted when you delete your account. You may also request to obtain a copy of your account information and the content that you have uploaded.
To request to disable or delete your account, or to request a download of your data, you may submit feedback through the Settings feature of our mobile application or by contacting us as outlined further below in this policy. It may take up to 30 days to process your request and to fully disable or delete your account.
Our legal basis for processing data
​
We collect, use, and share the data that we have in the was described above:
As necessary to fulfill our RoadStr Terms of Service
Consistent with your consent as provided when registering for an account;
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
To protect your vital interests, or those of others;
As necessary in the public interest; and
As necessary for our (or others’) legitimate interests, including our interests in providing an innovative, personalized, safe, and profitable service to our users and partners, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal data.
​
Exercising your rights provided under the GDPR
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to access, rectify, port, and erase your data. You also have the right to object to and restric certain processing of your data. This includes:
The right to object to our processing of your data for direct marketing; and
The right to object to our processing of your data where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
The channels to exercise these rights are:
Email:
In-app: Fulfill a report through the Feedback submission form in app settings (Privacy rights)
Postal Mail: 340 S Lemon Ave #9641 Walnut, CA 91789, USA
​
Response to legal requests
We may access, preserve, and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order, or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of Spain where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent, and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you, and others, including as part of investigations; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. We may also retain information from accounts disabled for violations of our terms for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other violations of our terms.
​
Operation of our Global Services
We may share information with third parties for purposes described in this policy. Information collected within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) may, for example, be transferred to countries outside of the EEA for the purposes described in this policy. We utilize standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission, adopt other means under European Union law, and obtain your consent to legitimize data transfers from the EEA to the United States and other countries.
You can contact us using the information provided below with questions or concern.
​
Notification of Updates to this Policy
We will notify you in advance of making changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review it before continuing to use our Services.
​
Contact us
If you have questions about this policy or to request the disablement or deletion of your account or download of your data, you can reach us through the following methods:
Email:
Contact the DPO (Data Privacy Offer) of RoadStr at  , who was assigned to protect your data privacy and ensure the compliance of the different data privacy regulations. Your requests can be communicated to public authorities, for the compliance of a required legal obligation, as well as to service suppliers and to third parties necessary for the management and execution of the relationships derived from the request, operations, service and/or contract.
Send a letter to RoadStr Enthusiast, S.L. Address 40 S Lemon Ave #9641 Walnut, CA 91789