(Updated June 6, 2024)
Thank you for visiting The WNET Group Privacy Policy. We believe that maintaining the highest standards of privacy is crucial to maintaining your trust in The WNET Group.
WNET and its affiliates, including THIRTEEN Productions LLC (“THIRTEEN”), WLIW LLC (“WLIW”), Public Media NJ Inc. (“NJ PBS”), Interactive Engagement Group LLC, WNET Spotlight LLC (“NJ Spotlight”), and Audio Enterprise Group LLC (collectively, “The WNET Group”) have developed this privacy policy statement (the “Privacy Policy”) to assist donors and visitors to, and end users of, our websites, mobile applications, social media platforms, online and offline donation platforms, and email and SMS communications (collectively, the “Services”) in understanding the Personal Information we collect, how we use that Personal Information, how we share Personal Information with third parties, how we secure your Personal Information, how you can opt out of various communication channels we may use to contact you and how we make changes to our Privacy Policy.
To reinforce our commitment to the privacy of our constituents, we have partnered with the Better Business Bureau in following
twenty standards for charitable accountability
required of their Charity Accreditation program.
IF YOU ARE HAVING ANY TROUBLE ACCESSING THE SERVICES OR THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE CONTACT US AT
PROGRAMMING@WNET.ORG
.
“Personal Information” as we use the term in this Privacy Policy, means information that reasonably identifies, relates to, describes, or can be associated with a specific individual. Please review this Privacy Policy before using or submitting Personal Information via the Services.
Services Covered
This Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service govern the use of the Services, including but not limited to:
wnet.org
,
thirteen.org
,
wliw.org
,
njpbs.org
,
wavelengthpublicmedia.org
,
nyc-arts.org
,
allarts.org
,
njspotlightnews.org
, The WNET Group-managed pages at PBS.org/wnet, and the mobile applications for THIRTEEN Explore, NJ PBS and ALL ARTS. The WNET Group is committed to protecting the privacy of the users, visitors, members, donors, followers and friends of its Services.
Please note that the Services often link to third party sites or services, including social media and sites or services owned or controlled by PBS and other public media entities and production partners. This Privacy Policy does not cover any third-party sites or services, or use thereof, and we suggest you review those sites’ policies to learn more about their privacy practices.
Personal Information We Collect Directly
The WNET Group collects information from you when you provide it to us directly, such as when you create an account with us, make a donation online or through our direct response program, sign up and/or attend an in-person or online event, order materials from us, volunteer with us, subscribe to our newsletter or contact us with an inquiry through our websites. The types of data collected by The WNET Group will vary with your particular use of the Services or your donation activity. Some examples of the types of Personal Information The WNET Group may collect through the Services include:
Contact Information
The WNET Group may ask you to provide certain contact information, such as, your name, phone number, address, or email address.
Demographic & Survey Information
The WNET Group may collect demographic and general profile data (e.g., educational, professional, and geographic information).
Financial Information
The WNET Group may collect credit or debit card information. Personal financial information in the form of a credit card number and expiration date are only collected if a user wishes to make an online donation through The WNET Group (THIRTEEN, WLIW, NJ PBS, ALL ARTS and NJ Spotlight). This information is not stored or maintained by The WNET Group when entered online. All online transactions are protected and securely transmitted using SSL, the most current encryption protocols/algorithms such as TLS/SSL.
Transactional Information
The WNET Group may create and maintain a database of aggregated information (which will not identify any particular user) about the transactions that occur on or through the Services (e.g., tool or feature and related database utilization, registration information, and activity, navigation, exit page tracking, or content selection data). To the extent that this information cannot reasonably be related back to a specific person, it is not considered Personal Information.
Personal Information We Collect Automatically
When you access and use the Services, we or third parties we work with may automatically collect certain information using technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies described below:
Technical Information
The WNET Group may collect Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or a unique identifier for a mobile device from users of Services as well as the date and time of access and the webpages accessed. The WNET Group may also catalog your log-in information and the type of computer, browser, or operating system you use.
Geolocation Data
The WNET Group may receive, store and process different types of information about your geographic location, including general information (e.g., zip code) and more specific information (e.g., GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services). If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide The WNET Group with location-tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided that your device allows you to do so. Please see your device manufacturer’s instructions for further details.
Social Media
We collect information from the presence we maintain on social media (including but not restricted to Facebook, X (formerly Twitter), Instagram, YouTube, Reddit and TikTok), including likes, shares and insights. Where you enter into The WNET Group properties using your social network credentials, such as a Facebook log-in, you grant permission to the social network to share your user details. Please review the privacy policies and settings of the social media platforms and networks that you use for more information about their privacy practices.
Cookies
The WNET Group or its vendors may use cookies, pixels, web beacons, tags, login files or other similar data collection or tracking techniques to facilitate use of our Services by our users, enrich your online experience with us and improve marketing efforts. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about that user. The WNET Group uses both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie is simply erased. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
Persistent cookies are used to store the user’s registration identification information from their basic registration and to facilitate their logging into their personalized view of The WNET Group websites. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience with the Services.
Your web browser may be set to accept cookies or allow other identifiers. If you would prefer not to receive cookies or allow identifiers, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies or surf anonymously. Further information on cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org. If you reject cookies, you may still use The WNET Group websites, and all the informational resources provided through them. Your registration-based personalization options and the capacity of your browser to keep track of what content you are visiting online as you go from one of our Services to another, is lost if you reject cookies. Note that cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted out. For example, if you have opted out on your device browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device. Additionally, if you opt out on one of your devices, that opt out may not be effective on all of your devices. However, please be advised that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on some mobile services.
The WNET Group uses tracking utilities provided by third-party vendors to track usage of specific webpages and other resources provided through the Services.
Some browsers have a Do Not Track (“DNT”) feature that lets users signal to websites that they do not want to have their online activities tracked. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Clickstream Data
As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each website you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “clickstream data,” can be collected and stored by a website’s server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Services. We may collect and use clickstream data as a form of aggregate information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each of our webpages, how visitors navigate throughout the Services, and how we may tailor our webpages to better meet the needs of visitors. This information will be used to improve our Services.
Analytics
We may work with third-party vendors who use the technologies described in this section to conduct website analytics to help us track and understand how visitors use the Services. One such provider is Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses tracking code to help analyze how users use the Services. The information generated by this tracking code about your use will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Please refer to Google’s
Data Privacy and Security
documentation regarding the uses for which Google may use this information. You may opt out of the use of this tracking code by visiting
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
How We Use Your Personal Information
The primary reason for The WNET Group to collect Personal Information is to provide personalization options for users of our Services and to facilitate and enhance features of the Services that require user input, whether this information is submitted directly by the user of our Services or collected by use of technologies such as cookies. Personal Information submitted through Services is only used for the purposes for which it was collected. Below please find additional information on how The WNET Group may use Personal Information collected through the Services:
Contact Information
The WNET Group may use your contact information to provide you with information, materials and services, to enable you to make donations and to participate in activities, events, and offerings available through the Services. The WNET Group may also use your contact information to (i) advertise its events, programs, products, and services; (ii) assist with security or fraud prevention or response measures; (iii) facilitate a website feature that requires user input; or (iv) to get in touch with you with respect to any transactions conducted through the Services. We also may share your contact information with third parties including our vendors, advertisers, or business partners, to (i) facilitate or implement any of our services; (ii) advertise the services or activities of others; (iii) advise you of The WNET Group’s programs, events, volunteer opportunities, products or services; (iv) process payments, order fulfillment, or donations; or (v) allow for online registration for programs, events, or services. In addition, The WNET Group may supplement the Personal Information collected from you with information about you obtained from other sources, such as The WNET Group’s vendors, advertisers, or business partners.
Demographic & Survey Information
The WNET Group may use demographic information for marketing and management purposes in order to continue to provide or improve the Services. In addition, The WNET Group may share aggregated survey results and aggregated demographic data (which will not identify any particular user) collected through the Services with its vendors, business partners, the general public, the news media, and with the U.S. Government and state governments.
Financial Information
The WNET Group will use financial information to facilitate a donation or other transaction, such as but not limited to registering for an event or selecting a “thank you” gift in connection with a donation.
Transactional Information
The WNET Group may use transactional information for marketing and management purposes to provide or improve any products or services that The WNET Group may offer. In addition, The WNET Group may also share such transactional data on an aggregated basis (which will not identify any particular user) with third parties, such as vendors, advertisers, or business partners.
Technical Information
The WNET Group may use technical information, such as your IP address or browser type, to help diagnose problems with The WNET Group’s servers, analyze Services usage trends, track user movements on the Services, and to otherwise improve, manage and monitor the Services.
Geolocation Data
The WNET Group may use geolocation data to personalize your site experience on the Services, e.g., to show local contacts and information relevant to your location.
All above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
How We Disclose or Share Your Personal Information
In addition to using your Personal Information ourselves for the reasons stated above (and as otherwise mentioned in this Privacy Policy), we may disclose your Personal Information to other affiliates and entities in the following instances:
Service Providers
The WNET Group uses various third-party transaction services to process online donations and provides the option of receiving certain materials by mail through request forms available on our websites. These materials are shipped by the US Postal Service and Federal Express. Additional “Thank You” incentives are available which also utilize third party vendors for ordering, fulfillment and customer service. We may share Personal Information with third-party service providers who may use your information to provide us with services including website hosting, data analysis, infrastructure provision, information technology services, email delivery services, auditing, and anti-fraud monitoring. We will only provide these companies the information they need to deliver the service and prohibit them from using that information for any other purpose. These companies or organizations do not share or use Personal Information that may be obtained from these transactions for any secondary purposes.
Corporate Affiliates
We may share Personal Information within The WNET Group-affiliated entities in order to process Personal Information, provide a product or service that you have requested, or in other circumstances with your consent or as permitted or required by law.
Business and Advertising Partners
We may share your Personal Information with third parties who partner with us to promote products and services, provide marketing and advertisements, conduct data analytics, or use the data for other commercial purposes. The WNET Group may also make your name and postal address available (but not your email address) to other nonprofit organizations whose services or activities may be of interest to you. We do not control how these third parties use and share your Personal Information once they receive it. You will need to contact such third parties directly for information about their privacy practices or to exercise any rights you may have (including if you would like to opt-out of marketing messages).
Payment Processors
If you make a payment using the Services, your payment card details are provided to one of our payment processing service providers, such as, but not limited to, Paya, Inc. through its payments provider Paragon Payment Solutions. These payment processors receive your credit card information subject to their own privacy policies. You may read Paya Inc.’s privacy policy at
paya.com/privacy-policy/
to learn more about how they use and protect your information. We do not receive your full credit card or other payment information.
Business Transactions
In the event that The WNET Group goes through a business transaction such as a bankruptcy event, merger, investment transaction, or acquisition by another entity involving the sale of all or a portion of its assets, the Personal Information collected by The WNET Group may be among the assets reviewed.
Legal Compliance and Defending Our Rights
The WNET Group may disclose Personal Information when legally required to do so, or to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence. The WNET Group may also disclose Personal Information to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Services, to enforce our
Terms of Service
, to limit legal liability or to protect The WNET Group’s rights, privacy, safety or property, and or those of our affiliates, you, or others.
Targeted Advertising
The WNET Group allows third parties to place cookies throughout our websites to collect information about your visit to our and other websites in order to offer you more relevant advertising across the Internet. This practice is known as online behavioral advertising. These cookies (placed by our third-party vendors) contain no Personal Information, but they may contain demographic or interest-based information in de-identified form. This information may also be linked to Personal Information (in hashed or encrypted form) that you have voluntarily submitted to The WNET Group, such as your email address. If you would like to opt out of the placement of these third-party cookies, please visit
aboutads.info/choices
. If you would like to opt out of third-party use of your mobile device identifier for behavioral advertising, please see
aboutads.info/appchoices
. Please note that if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice. The WNET Group does not host any form of advertising from our websites or email communications.
Cross-Device Matching
The WNET Group may use your information to help us, or our third-party vendors, determine if you have interacted with the Services across multiple devices and to match such devices. To accomplish this, we may rely on information (including demographic, geographic and interest-based data) from third parties such as data vendors, pursuant to their own privacy policies, or we may use information we collect in conjunction with such third-party data. Based on this data, we may then display targeted advertisements across devices that we believe are associated with each other, and may further provide services to our advertisers to better enable cross-device targeting and analysis. In the event that we perform cross-device matching (as described above), once you have opted out on one device (“Opted-Out Device”), we will not use any new data from the Opted-Out Device to identify you on another device for interest-based advertising purposes, and we will not use data from another device for interest-based advertising purposes on the Opted-Out Device.
Passport Service
The WNET Group offers a streaming content service for our programming through our stations, referred to as “Passport,” as a member benefit through The PBS App, and THIRTEEN Explore, available via IOS and Android and from Roku, Apple TV, and Amazon Fire TV, and through PBS.org, THIRTEEN.org, WLIW.org and NJPBS.org. All of these methods offer customization based on location to serve THIRTEEN, WLIW and NJ PBS members specifically.
If you are viewing on-demand video through the PBS Passport service or player, PBS’s collection, storage, and use of Passport information is subject to PBS’s
Terms and Conditions
and its
Privacy Policy
.
Links to Third Party Websites
To the extent hyperlinks and embedded iframes (e.g., embedded YouTube videos or other embedded media) are utilized to access third party sites (sites not controlled, owned, or operated by The WNET Group, including PBS.org), you should be aware that these external or third-party sites may collect your Personal Information and are not subject to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The WNET Group suggests that you check the privacy policies of other websites to determine how the proprietors of these third-party sites will utilize your Personal Information. You should be aware that any Personal Information that you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, forum, social network, or otherwise may be viewed and used by others. By using such features, you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.
Data Security
The WNET Group maintains data security measures in line with current industry standards for the Services to protect the Personal Information under its control against unauthorized access and disclosure. These measures include the implementation of reasonable industry recommended technical, physical and administrative data security safeguards. More sensitive information, namely, your credit or debit card numbers, are encrypted and protected with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) guidelines employing the most current encryption software algorithms and protocols, such as TLS/SSL when transmitted to The WNET Group online. The WNET Group does not store or re-use credit card information. Role based access ensures that only authorized personnel with specific unique IDs and passwords can access credit card transactions based on business needs, solely for the purpose of processing authorized transactions. The WNET Group does not have direct readable access to any credit card number but can view transactions through our credit card merchant gateway via our processing provider in order to void, refund or adjust transactions. The WNET Group also requires that the vendors The WNET Group engages with respect to the Services employ reasonable industry standard data security safeguards when carrying out their services on The WNET Group’s behalf.
Data Retention
The WNET Group will retain your Personal Information for as long as your inquiry is active or as needed for you to use the Services, and for a reasonable time thereafter in accordance with our standard procedures or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your information, we may continue to retain and use anonymous or aggregate data, or any other data that constitutes non-personal information. Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties.
Your Choices
From time to time, The WNET Group may also share donor mailing addresses with other reputable nonprofit organizations on a limited basis in exchange for limited access to the names and addresses of their constituents. We have found this to be a cost-effective method of reaching additional potential constituents and is a common practice across the direct mail industry. These organizations will not have continued access to your name and address unless you choose to respond to their initial mailing. We do not share email addresses or health related data in connection with this list exchange.
We respect our donors’ choices and control over their information. You, as a donor may, at any time, have your name excluded from any direct mail donor list exchange activity. We also recognize that you may wish to limit the ways in which we contact you, and we offer the following options for restricting internal and external sharing of your contact information:
Do not contact me by telephone.
Do not text me.
Do not contact me by postal mail.
Do not contact me by email.
Do not share my contact information with other nonprofit organizations.
Limit your fund-raising appeals to semiannual solicitations only.
Do not contact me.
To request that your name be excluded from direct mail list exchange activity or to otherwise change how The WNET Group contacts you, please email us at
membership@wnet.org
or feel free to contact us at
212-560-2888
or by mail at:
The WNET Group Membership Services
825 Eighth Avenue
New York, NY 10019
You may change your email preferences at any time through these landing pages:
The THIRTEEN Email Preference Center:
thirteen.org/email-preferences/
The WLIW Email Preference Center:
wliw.org/email-preferences/
The NJ PBS Email Preference Center:
njpbs.org/email-preferences/
The ALL ARTS Email Preference Center:
allarts.org/email-preferences/
The WNET In Production Email Preference Center:
wnet.org/email-preferences-wnet-d/
If you opt back into a specific service, you will receive communication in that manner regardless of your overall opt out selections. For example, if you request a newsletter subscription, we will provide you that subscription, even if you previously asked us not to contact you at all. We will take all reasonable efforts to ensure that your requests are honored in a timely fashion. Please note that if you are an active participant in one of our fundraising events you may receive communications related to that event regardless of your overall opt out selections. If you do not wish to receive emails about that event, please opt out using the “unsubscribe” link provided in the communication.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information on our website from those we actually know are under the age of 13. If you believe we might have any Personal Information from or about a child under 13, please email
membership@wnet.org
.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
If you submit Personal Information to us, that information may be processed in a jurisdiction where privacy laws may be less stringent than those in your country of residence. By submitting your Personal Information to us, you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing of such information in foreign jurisdictions including, but not limited to, the United States. Please note that Personal Information transferred to the United States is subject to access by law enforcement.
Notification of Changes
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that any such modifications will only be applied prospectively.  If The WNET Group changes its Privacy Policy, changes to this privacy statement will be posted, with prominent links to the new policy positioned on The WNET Group homepage, and other places we deem appropriate, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. The WNET Group will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York. If you are located outside of the United States when you use the Services, any information you submit thereto will be transferred to the United States. Accordingly, by using the Services and submitting Personal Information there, you authorize the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States. If any part of this Privacy Policy is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision or part will be deemed suspended and a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision or part and the remainder of this Privacy Policy shall continue in full force and effect.
Contacting Us
If you have any further questions regarding this privacy policy or the use of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by filling out this
Contact Us form
, by email at
membership@wnet.org
, via phone at
212-560-2888
or by postal mail at:
The WNET Group
825 Eighth Avenue
New York, NY 10019
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?sjid=2260182182963399174-NA:
Skip to main content
Safeguarding your data
Laws protecting user privacy such as the
European Economic Area’s General Data Protection Regulation
and other privacy laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents impact content publishers, application developers, website visitors, and application users. See also
the Google privacy policy
and Google’s site for
customers and partners
. Currently such regulations apply to specific geographic regions, but publishers and application developers often implement controls that affect the experience of users in all regions.
Google is committed to protecting data confidentiality and security. It is important to understand your privacy options, whether in the role of a publisher or a consumer. This page provides information on data collection and security for:
Content publishers and app developers (“customers”) using Google measurement products.
Website visitors and app users (“users”) of sites and apps using Google measurement products.
Data collection
Google customers use tags on web pages and an SDK for mobile apps to enable Google measurement products. The measurement data collected helps customers understand their users’ needs and, optionally, personalize the user experience and offer relevant advertising (see
Advertising personalization
).
Google tags and the SDK use cookies and app instance IDs, respectively, to measure user interaction. While these identifiers provide information about user behavior, Google prohibits customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Even so, use of cookies and app IDs falls under the privacy laws mentioned previously. Google customers need to inform users about the information being stored and give them the opportunity to grant or deny their consent.
See the following sections on this page to:
Learn how Google collects and processes information about website and app usage:
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Learn about our user policies and controls:
Information for visitors of sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Download this diagram that explains how Google Analytics collects, filters, and stores data.
Information for visitors of sites and apps Using Google Analytics
Our privacy policy
At Google, we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to keep your privacy and data secure. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect when you use our products and services, why we collect it, and how we use it to improve your experience. The
Google privacy policy & principles
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google's products and services, including Google Analytics.
Google Analytics cookies and identifiers
Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor (aka. user) interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. Users may disable cookies or delete any individual cookie.
Learn more
In addition, Google Analytics supports an optional browser
add-on
that - once installed and enabled - disables measurement by Google Analytics for any site a user visits. Note that this add-on only disables Google Analytics measurement.
Where a site or app uses Google Analytics for Apps or the Google Analytics for Firebase SDKs, Google Analytics collects
an app-instance identifier
— a randomly generated number that identifies a unique installation of an App. Whenever a user resets their Advertising Identifier (Advertising ID on Android, and ID for Advertisers on iOS), the app-instance identifier is also reset.
Where sites or apps have implemented Google Analytics with other Google Advertising products, like Google Ads, additional advertising identifiers may be collected. Users can opt-out of this feature and manage their settings for this cookie using the
Ads Settings
.
Learn more
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
Google Analytics under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under GDPR because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
Google Analytics under privacy laws in the United States
In order to help Google Analytics customers prepare for laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents, we have updated our
Data Processing Terms
to include a
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
. Subject to the full terms of this addendum, Google Analytics will act as a service provider to its customers (when data sharing with Google products and services is disabled) and as such, will only use data collected on behalf of the customer in Google Analytics to provide the Google Analytics services. Customers who have not accepted our
Data Processing Terms
can do so
per these instructions
. Customers who have already agreed to our
Data Processing Terms
will not need to take additional action to accept the CCPA service provider addendum. Customers should review the
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
, as well as Google Analytics’ use of data, to ensure it meets customer’s compliance needs.
To help customers manage their compliance needs, Google Analytics offers a collection of tools, detailed below, that enable you to control how data is collected, and whether it is used for advertising personalization.
If you have linked Google Analytics to another product, please refer to
Google Analytics linking overview
.
Google Analytics under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under LGPD because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
International transfers
See
here
for information on data transfers via Google Analytics.
Data Collected by Google Analytics
First-party cookies
Google Analytics collects first-party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address (when collecting data, Google Analytics 4 does not log or store IP addresses), and on-site/app activities to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the websites and/or apps that use Google Analytics. Customers may customize cookies and the data collected with features like
cookie settings
,
User-ID
,
Data Import
, and
Measurement Protocol
.
Learn more
Google Analytics customers who have for instance, enabled the analytics.js or gtag.js collection method can control whether or not they use cookies to store a pseudonymous or random client identifier. If the customer decides to set a cookie, the information stored in the local first-party cookie is reduced to a random identifier (e.g., 12345.67890).
For customers who use the Google Analytics for Apps SDK, we collect an App Instance Identifier, which is a number that is randomly generated when the user installs an app for the first time.
Advertising identifiers
Where customers use
Google Analytics Advertising Features
, Google advertising cookies are collected and used to enable features like Remarketing on the Google Display Network. These features are subject to the users’
Ads Settings
, the
Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
and
Google’s EU User Consent policy
, which requires customers to obtain consent for cookies where legally required—including consent for personalized ads. For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the
Google Advertising Privacy FAQ
. It is possible to implement Google Analytics without affecting normal data collection where Advertising features are disabled until consent is obtained (see
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
), as well as prevent certain data from being used for advertising personalization purposes (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
PII prohibition
Our contracts prohibit customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Customers should follow these
Best Practices
to ensure PII is not sent to Google Analytics.
What is the data used for?
Google uses Google Analytics data to provide the Google Analytics measurement service to customers. Identifiers such as cookies and app instance IDs are used to measure user interactions with a customer’s sites and/or apps, while IP addresses are used to provide and protect the security of the service, and to give the customer a sense of where in the world their users come from. Customers may also choose to use the data collected by Google Analytics for site/app personalization or advertising purposes, including ads personalization (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
Data access
We do not share Google Analytics data without the customer’s authorization (including via settings in the product user interface), or as otherwise expressly permitted under the terms of their Google Analytics agreement, except in limited circumstances when required by law.
Customers may control their own access to data in their Analytics accounts or properties by configuring view and edit permissions for employees or other representatives who may login to their Analytics account.
Learn more
Security-dedicated engineering teams at Google guard against external threats to data. Internal access to data (e.g., by employees) is limited by strict access controls (both internal policy controls and automated technical controls such as authentication, SSL, and security logs) to only those with a business need to access it.
Product linking summary
Where customers link their Analytics property to another Google product or service account (“Integration Partner”), certain data from that Analytics property may be accessed and exported into the linked account. Once data is exported through a linking integration, it becomes subject to the Integration Partner’s terms and policies.
Note that once data is sent to an Integration Partner, that the data sent is subject to the terms of that Integration Partner and that Google Analytics no longer maintains access or control over that data.
Customers may review and manage their product integration linkings at any time within the Analytics product linking summary user interface.
Data sharing
Google Analytics provides several data sharing settings to customers, through which customers may customize how data collected using an Analytics data collection method (like the JavaScript code, mobile SDKs, and the Measurement Protocol) may be accessed and used by Google according to customer preferences. Note that these settings only apply to data collected from websites, mobile apps, and other digital devices using Analytics; they do not apply to data relating to a customer’s use of Analytics, such as the number of properties and which additional features are configured. Regardless of a customer’s data sharing settings, Analytics data may also be used only insofar as necessary to maintain and protect the Analytics service.
Learn more
Data Controls for retention, deletion, and portability
Data retention
With the
Data Retention controls
, customers can limit or expand the duration for which their user-level and event-level data is stored in Google Analytics servers. All customers should review their Data Retention settings and ensure the appropriate retention is selected.
User deletion
Customers may delete a single user’s data from Google Analytics by passing a single user identifier to the
Google Analytics User Deletion API
or via our
User Explorer report
. However, this does not delete aggregate data associated with that user, such as page URLs visited.
User-level data access and portability
Customers may pull event information for any given user identifier via our
User Explorer report
or the
User Activity API
. These features enable customers to analyze and export event level data for a single user identifier. In addition, our 360 customers may integrate with BigQuery to create a full export of all event data associated with their users in a single queryable repository.
Advertising personalization
Customers may choose to limit use of their analytics data for advertising personalization purposes, instead of disabling the collection of all analytics data or advertising identifiers (see “
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
”). Customers may choose to disable Advertising Personalization for data collected from their entire property, or to disable it for individual events or users (for
apps
,
websites
, and
measurement protocol
). Customers using Google Analytics for Firebase or Google Analytics 4 properties may also
exclude specific events or user properties
(like ‘purchase’ or ‘gender’) from being used for Ads Personalization.
If any of 1) all property-level data, 2) individual events, or 3) specific event names or user properties have been excluded from ads personalization, then Analytics will append an additional signal (called ‘npa’) in Postbacks indicating that networks should not use the data for personalized advertising. Note that each network's treatment of such 'npa' signal is determined by such network.
Data privacy and security
Certifications
ISO 27001
Google has earned ISO 27001 certification for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers serving a number of Google products, including Google Analytics.
Learn more about our ISO compliance, and download our certificate (PDF)
or
learn more about ISO 27001
.
Information security
In web-based computing, security of both data and applications is critical. Google dedicates significant resources towards securing applications and data handling to prevent unauthorized access to data.
Data is stored in an encoded format optimized for performance, rather than stored in a traditional file system or database manner. Data is dispersed across a number of physical and logical volumes for redundancy and expedient access, thereby obfuscating it from tampering.
Google applications run in a multi-tenant, distributed environment. Rather than segregating each customer's data onto a single machine or set of machines, data from all Google users (consumers, business, and even Google's own data) is distributed among a shared infrastructure composed of Google's many homogeneous machines and located in Google's data centers.
In addition, Google Analytics ensures secure transmission of its JavaScript libraries and measurement data. Google Analytics by default uses HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS), which instructs browsers that support HTTP over SSL (HTTPS) to use that encryption protocol for all communication between end users, websites, and Google Analytics servers.
Learn more
Operational security and disaster recovery
To minimize service interruption due to hardware failure, natural disaster, or other catastrophe, Google implements a comprehensive disaster-recovery program at all of its data centers. This program includes multiple components to eliminate single points of failure, including the following:
Data replication
: To help ensure availability in the event of a disaster, Google Analytics data stored in Google's distributed file system is replicated to separate systems in different data centers.
Geographical distribution of data centers
: Google operates a geographically distributed set of data centers that is designed to maintain service continuity in the event of a disaster or other incident in a single region.
Resilient and redundant infrastructure
: Google's computing clusters are designed with resiliency and redundancy in mind, helping minimize single points of failure and the impact of common equipment failures and environmental risks.
Continuity plan in the event of disaster
: In addition to the redundancy of data and regionally disparate data centers, Google also has a business-continuity plan for its headquarters in Mountain View, CA. This plan accounts for major disasters, such as a seismic event or a public-health crisis, and it assumes people and services may be unavailable for up to 30 days. This plan is designed to enable continued operations of our services for our customers.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
Data privacy and security
1 of 24
Safeguarding your data
2 of 24
Privacy controls in Google Analytics
3 of 24
[GA4] Data redaction
4 of 24
Introduction to user consent management
5 of 24
[GA4] Verify and update consent settings in Google Analytics
6 of 24
[GA4] Behavioral modeling for consent mode
7 of 24
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
8 of 24
[UA] IP masking in Universal Analytics [Legacy]
9 of 24
[GA4] Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
10 of 24
Data Processing Terms
11 of 24
We use our own products
12 of 24
Data retention
13 of 24
[GA4] Data-deletion requests
14 of 24
Data deletion requests (Universal Analytics) [Legacy]
15 of 24
ISO 27001 Certification
16 of 24
Google Analytics links overview
17 of 24
Account setup with additional privacy features
18 of 24
Best practices to avoid sending Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
19 of 24
Data Transparency Policy Against Fingerprints and Locally Shared Objects
20 of 24
Data controls in Universal Analytics
21 of 24
Data controls in Google Analytics 4
22 of 24
[GA4] EU-focused data and privacy
23 of 24
HIPAA and Google Analytics
24 of 24
Data sharing settings
Choose your own learning path
Check out
google.com/analytics/learn
, a new resource to help you get the most out of Google Analytics 4. The new website includes videos, articles, and guided flows, and provides links to the Google Analytics Discord, Blog, YouTube channel, and GitHub repository.
Start learning today!
3058214033539396243
true
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Get started with Analytics
Collect and manage data
Report and explore
Advertising and attribution
Audiences and remarketing
Manage accounts, properties, and users
Google Analytics 360
Migrate from UA to GA4 [Legacy]
Policies and data privacy
Community
Analytics
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
Introduction to Analytics
Set up Analytics
Guides and videos
Troubleshoot
Glossary
Events and key events
Import data from external systems
Integrations
Measure ecommerce
Measure lead generation
[GA4] First-party data
Reports
Explorations
Dimensions and metrics
Analytics Intelligence
The Analytics app
How data is stored and displayed
Regular expressions [Legacy]
Understand advertising
Understand attribution
Manage and configure attribution
iOS conversion measurement
[GA4] Set up audiences
[GA4] Use audiences for advertising and remarketing
[GA4] Audiences for common marketing objectives
[GA4] Troubleshoot audiences
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
How data is stored and displayed
Data privacy and security
true
true
69256
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false
Sub-policy 1
https://paya.com/privacy-policy/:
Partner Login
Support
Learn More
Industry
B2B
Education
Insurance
Government / Utilities
Healthcare
Nonprofits
ERP Providers
Solutions
Payment Acceptance
Payment Disbursement
ACH
Integrations
Sage
Sage 50
Sage 100
Sage 300
Sage 500
Sage Intacct
Sage X3
Acumatica
Acumatica Integrated Payments
Infor
Click2Pay
Quickbooks Online
Marketing Services
Partners
Independent Software Vendors
Value Added Resellers
Independent Sales Organizations
Merchants
Developers
Company
About Paya
News Room
Locations
Contact Us
Resources
Blog
Acumatica Blog
Sage 100 Blog
Sage Intacct Blog
Case Studies
Privacy Policy
Paya, Inc. (“Paya,” “we,” “our” or “us”) collects, uses, discloses, retains and protects your Personal Information  as a customer of our payment processing services, representative of a vendor or company we do business with, visitor of our website, or another individual whose information we have collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy. The Services are designed for users in the United States only and are not intended for users located outside the United States.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 27, 2023
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully as it describes how Paya, Inc. (“Paya,” “we,” “our” or “us”) collects, uses, discloses, retains and protects your Personal Information  as a customer of our payment processing services, representative of a vendor or company we do business with, visitor of our website, or another individual whose information we have collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy. The Services are designed for users in the United States only and are not intended for users located outside the United States.
1. What This Privacy Notice Covers
Our Privacy Notice applies to our website (http://Paya.com) and all products, applications (including mobile applications, if applicable) and services offered by Paya (together, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we do not own or control, including our customers. We offer payment and commerce platform solutions for our customers, and when we do so, we are acting at the direction of our customers that have their own privacy practices. Accordingly, if you are an end user of our customers, please refer to the separate privacy notices that govern your interaction with their products or services.
“Personal Information” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual. Personal Information does not include information that is aggregated or deidentified such that the information cannot be reasonably linked to you. When we collect deidentified data, we maintain it in deidentified form and do not attempt to reidentify the information.
2. Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We may change our Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will revise the ‘last updated’ date, post the updated version on our website, use reasonable efforts to notify you, and take any other steps necessary to comply with applicable law.
3. How We Collect Information About You
a. Information You Provide.
i. When you interact with our Services, you may provide us with certain Personal Information, such as your name, employer information, job title, payment information (such as bank account, credit or debit card information), social security number, date of birth, postal address, email address and/or phone number. You may provide this information to us when you contact us, request information about our Services, or apply for/enter into a merchant agreement with us.
ii. We also collect information you may provide when you complete online forms (including call back requests), take part in surveys, or download information such as white papers or other publications.
iii. To the extent applicable, our Services that allow you to share information with third party social media sites. If you link your account or engage with our Services through third-party social media sites, you understand that you may be allowing us to have access to certain information stored on those social media sites.
b. Information Automatically Collected.
We automatically collect certain types of technical and usage information when you use our Services or engage with us through our website or otherwise (“Usage Data”). We typically collect this information through a variety of technologies, including cookies, web beacons, file information and similar technology (“Cookies and Similar Technologies”). For example, Usage Data may include the device identification number and type, location information and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad identifier, your IP address, your browsing history and your web log information). Usage Data may also include information about the way you use our Services, for example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the pages you visit, clickstream data, whether you access the Services from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Services.
c. Information From Third Parties to Comply with Underwriting and Other Regulatory Requirements.
We may collect Personal Information about you from third parties that are entitled to share that information; for example, information from credit agencies, search information providers or public sources (e.g. for customer due diligence purposes), but in each case as permitted by applicable laws and solely as required to ensure we meet, and help our bank partners meet, underwriting and other regulatory requirements and guidelines (e.g., anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism). Any information we obtain from third parties will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible or liable for the accuracy of the information provided to us by third parties and are not responsible for any third party’s policies or practices.
4. How We Use Your Information
a. To the extent permissible under applicable law, we may use your Personal Information to:
provide the Services that you have requested or ordered;
compare information for accuracy and to verify it with third parties;
provide, maintain, protect and improve our Services;
manage, monitor, and administer your use of the Services and provide an enhanced, personal, user experience for you;
manage our relationship with you (for example, customer services and support activities);
undertake internal testing of our Services or systems to test and improve their security and performance;
provide you with any information that we are required to send you to comply with our regulatory or legal obligations;
detect, prevent, investigate or remediate, crime, illegal or prohibited activities or to otherwise protect our legal rights (including liaison with regulators and law enforcement agencies for these purposes);
contact you to see if you would like to take part in our customer research (for example, feedback on your use of our applications, products and services);
monitor, carry out statistical analysis and benchmarking, provided that in such circumstances, we aggregate your Personal Information, such that it will not be linked back to you; and
deliver advertising, marketing (including in-product messaging) or information to you which may be useful to you.
5. Disclosing Your Information
a. We may disclose your Personal Information to the following third parties under certain circumstances, which may include
i. our corporate family, affiliates and subsidiaries;
ii. our service providers and agents (including their sub-contractors) or third parties which process information on our behalf (e.g. internet service and platform providers, online advertising service providers and other organizations we engage to help us send communications to you) to provide you with the Services and information you have requested or which we believe is of interest to you;
iii. partners, including system implementers, resellers, value-added resellers, independent software vendors and developers that may help us to provide you with the Services and information you have requested or which we believe is of interest to you;
iv. third parties used to facilitate payment transactions, for example clearing houses, clearing systems, financial institutions and transaction beneficiaries;
v. third parties where you have requested us to send certain information (for example, a reseller with whom you have an existing relationship);
vi. credit reference and fraud prevention agencies;
vii. any third parties to enforce our legal rights and satisfy our legal obligations, including without limitation any reporting or disclosure obligations under applicable law or regulations or subpoena, court order or other judicial or administrative process, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others;
viii. third parties to comply with the rules, regulations and guidelines of the payment networks in which transactions are processed;
ix. our professional advisors and auditors for the purpose of seeking professional advice or to meet our audit responsibilities;
x. third parties to transfer information and/or assets in the event of a merger, acquisition, sale, bankruptcy filing, or other corporate restructuring; another organization to whom we may transfer our agreement with you; and
xi. third parties for any other purpose permitted under applicable law and regulation or agreed to in this Privacy Notice or disclosed at the time the information is collected.
b. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information about the use of our Services publicly or with third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
6. Your Information and Your Rights
a. From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, notices about our organization, or information about promotional offers from third parties that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain Services-related email communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
b. You can manage your privacy settings within your browser or our Services (where applicable).
c. If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights in relation to personal information we have collected about you. Please see Section 14 for “California Residents” for more information.
7. Security and Storage of Information
a. Please be aware that despite our endeavors to keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organizational measures against its unauthorized or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage and commercially reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information, no measures can guarantee the security of your information which is transmitted to us. We recommend that you do not use unsecure channels to communicate sensitive or confidential information to us.
b. We retain your Personal Information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required by law or regulation. When determining the length of time to retain your information, we consider various criteria, including whether we need the information to fulfill our obligations to our bank partners, continue to provide you the Services, resolve a dispute, enforce our contractual agreements, prevent harm, promote safety, security and integrity, or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products.
8.Data Storage and Transfer
Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Paya or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities.  If you are located in other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which we or our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Notice.
9.Third Party Websites and Social Media
a. We may provide a link from our Services to another site or service. We are not responsible for the information handling practices of third party sites or services and we encourage you to read the privacy notices appearing on those sites or services. We expressly disclaim any and all liability for the actions of third parties, including but without limitation to actions relating to the use and/or disclosure of personal information by third parties. Any information submitted by you directly to these third parties is subject to that third party’s privacy policy.
b. Our Services may enable you to share information with social media sites, or use social media sites to create your account or to connect your social media account (“Social Features”).  Use of Social Features may entail a third party’s collection and/or use of your data. If you use Social Features or similar third-party services, information you post or otherwise make accessible may be publicly displayed by the third-party service you are using. Both we and the third party may have access to information about you and your use of both the Services and the third-party service.
10. Cookies and Similar Technologies
a. We use cookies, which are small text files that are transferred from our Services and stored on your device. Depending on where you live, we may use cookies and similar technologies to help us provide you with a personalized service, make our Services better for you, and run analytics.
b.
We may use the following different types of cookies:
i. Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are needed for our websites, applications or Services to function properly. For example, these cookies allow you to access secure areas of our Services.
ii. Performance cookies and analytics technologies. These cookies collect information about how visitors and users use our websites, applications and services. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and de-identified. We use these cookies to improve how our Services work.
iii. Functional cookies. These cookies allow our websites, applications and Services to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in), provide enhanced, more personalized features. , and provide Services you have asked for.
iv. Targeting or advertising cookies. These cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests, and  measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. They may be placed by advertising networks with the website operators’ permission. Information collected by these cookies may be shared with other organizations such as advertisers, and may also be used for site functionality provided by the other organization.
v. Web beacons and parameter tracking. We also use cookies and similar software known as web beacons to count users who have visited our Services after clicking through from one of our advertisements on another website or in emails and to collect details of any products or Services purchased. These web beacons collect limited information, which does not identify particular individuals.
c.
How to Disable Cookies and Similar Technologies
i. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you may be able to configure your browser or our website, application or service to control the use of Cookies and Similar Technologies. For example, you can decline to have personal information collected via third party cookies by navigating to the settings feature in your browser and declining all third-party cookies or declining third-party cookies from specific sites. However, if you disable cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our website, applications or Services.
ii. For more information about cookies and instructions on how to adjust your browser and device settings to accept, delete, or reject some of these technologies, visit www.youronlinechoices.com or allaboutcookies.org.
iii. We use Google Analytics to analyze how users use our Services. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the websites, applications or services may be shared with Google. To opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, you can do so here.
iv.
Do Not Track.
Your browser settings may allow you to transmit a “do not track” signal, “opt-out preference” signal, or other mechanism for exercising your choice regarding the collection of your information when you visit various websites.  Like many websites, our website is not designed to respond to Do Not Track signals communicated by your browser. To learn more about “do not track” signals, you can visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com/.
11. Children’s Personal Information
Our website is not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information directly from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will take commercially reasonable steps to delete the information from our records. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has provided us with their personal information, you may contact us using the below information to request that it be deleted.
12. Your California Privacy Rights.
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
For purposes of this section, “personal information” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
The below table explains our practices over the past 12 months related to the categories and types of personal information that we collect about you and the categories of third parties that we disclose this information to for a business purpose.
Category of Information
Types of Information
Categories of recipients
Identifiers
Name, email address, unique personal identifier, postal address, phone number, IP address, password, social media handle
Cloud storage providers, online advertising service providers, communications service providers, resellers, software vendors, clearing houses, financial institutions, transaction beneficiaries, credit reference and fraud prevention agencies, data analytics vendors, marketing partners,  other parties to whom you request we send your information
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Name, postal address, phone number
Cloud storage providers, communications service providers, resellers, software vendors clearing houses, financial institutions, credit reference and fraud prevention agencies,  other parties to whom you request we send our information
Professional or employment-related information
Employer information, role
Cloud storage providers, clearing houses, financial institutions, credit reference and fraud prevention agencies, other parties to whom you request we send our information
Geolocation data
IP address, zip code
Data analytics vendors, online advertising service providers, marketing partners
Internet or other electronic network activity
IP address, device ID, browsing and search history, information about your interaction with the Services
Data analytics vendors, online advertising service providers, marketing partners
Sensitive personal information
Social security number
Cloud storage providers, clearing houses, financial institutions, credit reference and fraud prevention agencies
The specific business purposes for which we collect your Personal Information, including sensitive personal information, are described above in Section 4, How We Use Your Information. We only use and disclose sensitive personal information for the purposes specified in the CCPA. The criteria we use to determine how long to retain your personal information is described in Section 7.b, Security and Storage of Your Information.
We do not “sell” or “share” (as those terms are defined under the CCPA) Personal Information.
As a California resident, you may have the rights listed below in relation to personal information that we have collected about you. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to Know. You have a right to request the following information about our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information over the prior 12 months, and ask that we provide you with a copy of the following:
categories of and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
categories of sources from which we collect personal information;
the business of commercial purposes for collecting personal information;
categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose; and
categories of personal information disclosed about you for a business purpose.
Right to Delete. You have a right to request that we delete personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Correct. You have a right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
You may exercise any of these rights by emailing
generalcounsel@paya.com
. We may need to collect information from you to verify your identity, such as your email address, government issued ID or date of birth, before providing a substantive response to the request. You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney document, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require that the agent provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA.
13. Further Information
If you have any queries about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please email us at
generalcounsel@paya.com
.
×
×
Sub-policy 2
https://www.pbs.org/about/about-pbs/privacy-policy/:
PBS
Donate
Change your local station
Explore More from My Station
MORE FROM
Live TV
PBS Shows
My Station
My List
Donate
Live TV
PBS Shows
My Station
My List
Donate
Effective Date: April 11, 2023 (Update)
As a not-for-profit institution, our goal is to collect only the information about our users and their use of our services that will help us provide the best online experience possible and implement PBS’s
mission
.
This Privacy Policy describes how we use, share, and protect information that we collect from you online through pbs.org and any other websites, applications or online services that PBS operates and that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. Please read it carefully.
Collection of Information
You may be prompted to provide some or all of the following types of information in order to register, access various content or features, submit photos and other content, directly contact us with questions or feedback, or access other features of the Services:
Contact information, such as name or e-mail address;
User name and password;
Geolocation information;
Other demographic information, such as city, state, and zip code;
Communications preferences;
Search queries;
Comments and other information posted through interactive online features; and
Correspondence you send to us.
We also may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services, including:
Your browser type and operating system;
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area (e.g., your zip code);
Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;
Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;
Unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies;
Information about your interactions with video content, such as the type of content viewed, and information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded; and
Standard server log information.
We may collect information about you from third-party sources. For example, we may receive information about you from third-party social media services when you choose to interact or connect with them through the Services.
Additionally, if you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, through the Services to login to the Services or to share information about your experience on the Services with others, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on the Services, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Services, in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Public Areas
Some of the Services may allow you to enter text and information in open fields, such as comment sections and message boards. If you choose to participate in these public areas of the Services, please be aware that any information submitted through these areas can be read, collected, or used by other users. Please use caution in disclosing personal information in these areas. Although we may, in some instances, moderate public forums to keep their content appropriate for the forum’s intended audience, we are not responsible for the information you submit in these open forums and public areas or for other users’ actions with respect to that information.
Use of Information
We generally use the information that we collect about you to:
Fulfill your requests for services and information;
Enable you to participate in interactive features, such as comment boxes and forums;
Display content, sponsor information, and information about other PBS products and services that you may be interested in;
Customize the content displayed when you use the Services;
Analyze use of the Services to understand and improve our service offerings, such as determining which pages are most popular, which browsers are most used, how long users spend on the Services, and which websites they come from;
Otherwise support the internal operations of the Services;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and enforce the
Terms of Use
; and
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.
We may aggregate your information with information about other users so that it no longer identifies and cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual person.
Disclosure of Information
We may share information that is collected from you in the following circumstances:
PBS Member Stations
. In some circumstances, our Services are designed to support PBS’s member stations and we may share information we collect from you with your local station(s). For example, if you use our Services to make a donation to a member station, or to sign up for services that are offered by a member station, we may share your information with that station. We also may share your information with your local station(s) so that they can contact you (including by e-mail and mailings) with information about products and services that might interest you.
Authorized third-party service providers
. We may share information with our third-party service providers to help us fulfill requests and perform various functions necessary to fully provide and improve the Services, including usage analytics, data processing, marketing, and account management.
Business transfers
. We may share information in connection with a substantial business transaction, such as the sale of the Services, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Legal purposes
. We may disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, property, safety, and security of PBS, our member stations, users, or the public.
With your consent
. We otherwise may share your information with your consent.
We may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties, including to help us develop content and services that we hope you will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings.
Use of Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Technologies
We may use cookies, web beacons, local shared objects, and other similar technologies to collect information about your use of the Services. Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by a computer’s web browser. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as "pixel tags," “GIFs,” or "clear GIFs,” that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from a computer or device. Local shared objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”) are similar to standard cookies except that they can be larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player.
We use these technologies, for example, to help us recognize your browser as a previous user and save and remember any preferences that may have been set; to help us customize the content shown while you use the Services; to provide you with content customized to your interests and to understand whether users read e-mail messages and click on links contained within those messages so that we can deliver relevant content and offers; and to help measure and research the effectiveness of our Services, interactive online content, features, and other communications.
We may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information through the Services. These third parties may collect information about a user’s online activities over time and across sites, services, and devices to, for example, perform traffic measurement, research, and analytics (including via surveys or questionnaires) and serve you more relevant advertising on third party sites and services. These third parties may participate in programs that allow you to opt out of targeted advertising. To learn more and opt out, visit the
Network Advertising Initiative
and
Digital Advertising Alliance
.
You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your web browser settings. Because each web browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your web browser (typically in the “help” section). Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable some technologies including local shared objects. For example, local shared objects may be controlled through the instructions on Adobe’s Setting Manager page. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of our Services may no longer be available to you.
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites the user visits, although web browsers incorporate and activate this functionality in different ways, and it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted. Consequently, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.
By using the Services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies.
Protection of Information
We have adopted reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using the Services but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
You may request deletion of your personal information by contacting us
here
.
Student Privacy Notice
PBS does not collect, use, or disclose students’ personal information online without theparent’s or legal guardian’s consent unless otherwise permitted by law.
Schools, school districts, teachers, classrooms, and other school programs (collectively, “Educators”) may have students participate in interactive learning tools (“Interactives”)offered on pbs.org. These Interactives may collect information from students, such as information that the student may include in online submissions (including videos, photos, and audio files), usernames, questions and answers, search queries, IP addresses, device identifiers and other persistent identifiers, cookie information, and other standard server log information (collectively, “student data”).  Educators that direct students to create accounts for or otherwise engage with Interactives at pbs.org, confirm that parents or legal guardians consent to this collection, as well as our use and disclosure of the students’ information consistent with this Student Privacy Notice and Privacy Policy. Educators that participate in Interactives certify that your school obtained any parental consents that are required for us to collect, use, and disclose the students’ personal information.
By directing students to create an account for or otherwise engage with Interactives, Educators also designate PBS as “school officials” under your “direct control” and with “legitimate educational interests” in any “personally identifiable information” contained in “education records,” as those terms have been interpreted under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”) and its implementing regulations.
Consistent with applicable law, parents or legal guardians remain the owner and controller of, and are solely responsible for, any and all student data provided in connection with the student’s use of pbs.org.  PBS will collect, use, and disclose information protected by FERPA and applicable law only for the purpose of performing institutional services or functions for which the Educator would otherwise use its own employees for as consistent with this Student Privacy Notice. To the extent that PBS discloses student data to authorized third party service providers, as described in thisPrivacy Policy, such third party service providers shall only collect and use student data for authorized school purposes as directed or authorized by the Educator. PBS will not sell student data or use student data for targeted advertising purposes.
PBS has adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect student data from loss, misuse, and alteration.  We also require authorized third party service providers to employ reasonable and comprehensive security protocols.  In the event of unauthorized disclosure of student data, PBS will notify affected individuals in accordance with applicable law.
Educators, parents, or other legal guardians may terminate their participation (including on behalf of their students) in the Interactives or request access to, review of, and deletion or destruction of student data in accordance with applicable law by contacting us at audienceservices@pbs.org . Upon notification of your termination, PBS will use commercially reasonable efforts to return, delete, or destroy all personally identifiable student data it maintains in connection with your use of pbs.org and notify you once such return, deletion, or destruction is complete.
Third-Party Services, Content, and External Links
You may access third-party content through the Services and navigate to third-party sites and services from links on the Services. Whether the third-party content appears within our Services (such as in an embedded video player), or you leave our Services to view the content on another website, the third party is in control of and independently produces, maintains, and monitors the content and third-party sites. When you watch third-party content that is made available through the Services or navigate to such third-party sites, you become subject to the third party’s terms of use and privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of these third-party sites for their policies and practices regarding the collection and use of your information as their policies may differ from ours. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of third parties.
California Residents
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to whom we have disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please send an e-mail to the address listed below. For all requests, you must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject matter of your request and include the name of the website or online service with respect to which you are requesting the information, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
International Transfers
Information collected through the Services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which we or our service providers maintain facilities. We may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions, some of which may not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. By using the Services and providing us with information directly or indirectly, you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which our service providers maintain facilities for processing by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy, for example, to reflect changes in the law, our practices, or the features of the Services. These changes will be effective immediately upon posting. As a result, you should periodically review the Privacy Policy so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. By using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and, by continuing to use the Services after changes have been made, you agree to the changes.
Still Have Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact us at
audienceservices@pbs.org
.