Privacy Policy of
Mobile App
This Application collects some Personal Data from its users.
Owner and Data Controller
Mashkor company to deliver consumer orders (شركة مشكور لتوصيل الطلبات الإستهلاكية)
Owner contact email:
info@mashkor.com
Types of Data collected
Mashkor App for placing orders
Among the types of Personal Data that this application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are name, email addresses, passwords, Usage Data, locations, and data communicated while using the service.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the user, or, in the case of usage data, collected automatically when using this application. Users can delete personal data at any time from the profile page.
Unless specified otherwise, all data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this application to provide its services. In cases where this application specifically states that some data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the owner.
Users are responsible for any third-party personal data obtained, published, or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the data to the owner.
Mashkor Buddies App for buddies who fulfill our deliveries
To participate as a Mashkor Buddies App user, you must permit the Mashkor Buddies App Services to access location services through the permission system used by your mobile operating system (“Platform”) or browser. We may collect the precise location of your device when the Mashkor Buddies App is running in the foreground or background of your device. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address. We use your location information to verify that you are present in your preferred region or city when you begin or engage in delivery through the Mashkor Services (a “Delivery”), connect you with delivery opportunities in your zone, and track the progress and completion of your Deliveries. You can enable the location tracking feature through the settings on your device or Platform or when prompted by the Mashkor Buddies App mobile app. If you choose to disable the location feature through the settings on your device or Platform, Mashkor will not receive precise location information from your device, which will prevent you from being able to Trip and receive delivery opportunities in your area.
Mode and place of processing the Data
The owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT-enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. An updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis for processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations, the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
Provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
Processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User’s location, data transfers may involve transferring the User’s Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside Kuwait or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification, and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after the expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes: Contacting the User, Registration and authentication, Access to third party services’ accounts, Analytics, Interaction with support and feedback platforms, Managing support and contact requests, Displaying content from external platforms, Managing contacts and sending messages, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Handling payments, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Interaction with live chat platforms, Infrastructure monitoring, User database management, Commercial affiliation, Tag Management and Data transfer outside Kuwait.
Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
Types of information we collect
Basic information
By default, this includes certain users’ data such as phone number, email, name, picture, and locale.
Non-Personal / Transaction Information: The pickup and delivery address, location information, cart items, and the basic information required to complete the delivery.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third-party services accounts
Analytics
Contacting the User
Data transfer outside Kuwait
Displaying content from external platforms
Handling payments
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Interaction with live chat platforms
Interaction with support and feedback platforms
Managing contacts and sending messages
Managing support and contact requests
Registration and authentication
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
Tag Management
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data. You can delete the personal data any time from the profile page.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User’s consent, on a contract of which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
This Application does support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information is collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
Email
Provides access to the User’s primary email address.
Legal Information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of applicable legislation and standards set by the State of Kuwait.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Policy shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Kuwait. Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or in connection with the Agreement that cannot be settled amicably by the parties within thirty (30) days of its first occurrence shall be referred by any Party for adjudication by the competent court of the State of Kuwait.