Alkimii Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 22nd, 2018
Alkimii is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit our website (“Visitors”) and individuals who register to use the Alkimii Services on behalf of Alkimii’s Clients (“Users”) (collectively “you” or “your”)
. This Privacy Policy applies to data provided on or through the Alkimii website located at www.Alkimii.com and https://apps.alkimii.com , the Alkimii web application is owned and operated by Alkimii, and the services offered by Alkimii through the website and apps (collectively, the “Services”) and describes Alkimii’s privacy practices in connection with the use of Alkimii's website, apps and Services. It also describes the choices available to you with regard to the use of your Personal Information (defined below) and how you can access and update this information. The use of information collected through the Alkimii Services shall be limited to the purposes of providing the Services for which the User or Client has engaged Alkimii and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
IF YOU ARE AN EMPLOYEE OF A CLIENT THAT USES THE ALKIMII SERVICES, THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR EMPLOYER’S PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH APPLIES TO THE COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING AND RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. INDIVIDUAL EMPLOYEES OF OUR CLIENTS WHO SEEK ACCESS TO THEIR DATA, OR WHO SEEK TO CORRECT, AMEND, OR DELETE INACCURATE DATA SHOULD DIRECT THEIR REQUESTS TO THEIR EMPLOYERS WHO ARE ALKIMII’S CLIENTS. ALKIMII CLIENTS ARE ABLE TO REMOVE AND UPDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DATA WITHOUT ALKIMII’S INVOLVEMENT.
Privacy Principals
Alkimii follows these principals in order to protect your privacy:
we do not collect any more Personal Information than is necessary to provide the Services;
we only use your Personal Information for the purposes we specify in this Privacy Policy, unless you agree otherwise;
we do not keep your Personal Information if it is no longer needed; and
other than as we specify in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your Personal Information with third parties.
What Information Do We Collect?
When a User registers with Alkimii, information is needed such as the User’s name, company name, business address, contact telephone number and email address. A billing address and bank account information is also required if Alkimii manages the User's payroll. When a Visitor contacts us and/or requests information about Alkimii, we will collect the Visitor’s email address and other contact information so that we may fulfill the Visitor’s request. Some information provided to us may, either alone or when connected with other information to which we may have access, individually identify a Visitor or User, and that information may be referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Information.”
How Do We Use Your Information?
Alkimii uses information, including Personal Information, provided by you to provide the Services and for business purposes such as processing and fulfilling orders, billing, service improvement, research, marketing, and for other general purposes. Alkimii may share information, other than Personal Information, with third parties for business and marketing purposes.
If you apply for a job with us, we will collect, process and store the information you provide to us for recruitment purposes. We may also retain some of your information for a reasonable period of time for purposes of considering you for future positions.
Alkimii will not share your Personal Information, or otherwise make your Personal Information available to any other parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell, rent, or exchange your Personal Information with any third-parties without permission from you.
Alkimii will share your information, including Personal Information, in order to respond to investigations, court orders, legal process, or to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Alkimii's Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law. If Alkimii is required by law or an order of a court of competent jurisdiction to disclose your information, Alkimii will promptly notify you of this requirement so that you may seek a protective order or other appropriate relief.
Alkimii may also share your Personal Information with our trusted third party service providers, who help us to provide the Services. We will ensure that those service providers are obligated to protect your Personal Information under contract terms which are no less onerous than those set out in this Privacy Policy.
If Alkimii is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your Personal Information may be transferred to the acquiring person or entity and you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
All of your Personal Information remains private and confidential. The security of your Personal Information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted standards to protect Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, however, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, the Alkimii web application owned and operated by Alkimii, or the services offered by Alkimii through the website and apps, please contact us using the contact information below.
Alkimii and its representatives will never request your account credentials. You should never share your Alkimii account information with anyone else, including your username and password. We recommend that you use a unique password for your Alkimii account that is not associated with other websites. You should check your Alkimii account regularly to ensure that your Personal Information has not been tampered with or altered.
Any suspicious activity regarding your account, including automated messages or calls from parties you cannot identify, should be reported to your site administrator and Alkimii using the contact information below.
How We May Contact You.
Alkimii will send a welcome email to account holders for billing purposes, and at times will send Alkimii service-related announcements. You cannot opt out of service related emails if you are an account holder, as this is part of the Alkimii Services. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each of these emails, or you can contact us using the contact information below.
Correcting, Updating, Amending and Removing Your Personal Information.
You may correct, update, amend, or remove Personal Information by making the change on our member information page, our contact us page, by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. If you no longer desire to use our Services, you may deactivate the Services by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. You may withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Information at any time by contacting us using the contact information below, but that will mean we can no longer provide the Services to you. We will respond to your requests regarding changes to Personal Information or Service changes promptly, but in any event within 30 days of your call or receipt of your request.
Retention of Personal Information.
Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with the Services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Cookies.
Alkimii uses a technology called "cookies" to store session information. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We use Session Cookies to track your Login status. This cookie is only ever transmitted over HTTPS. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We use Persistent Cookies to determine from where you were referred to our website, as well as the last user ID that you used to log in. Alkimii may set and access Alkimii cookies on your computer; cookies are required to use the Alkimii Services. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" directory. Click here for more information on cookies, including how to disable them. If you disable cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited.
Currently, various browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option which sends a signal to websites’ visited by a user about the user's browser DNT preference setting. Alkimii does not currently respond to browsers' DNT signals with respect to the website, in part, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent. Alkimii takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not directly identify individual users, to analyse trends, to administer the site, to track Visitors’ and Users’ movements around the website and to gather non identifiable, demographic information about our user base as a whole. We link this automatically-collected data to Personal Information so that we can better gauge our Visitors’ and Users’ needs and provide specific information to best serve them.
We partner with third party ad networks to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partners uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking preferences-mgr.truste.com.
We also use Google Advertising Networks to publish advertising on other sites. When you view or click on an ad, a cookie will be set to help better provide advertisements that may be of interest to you on this and other websites. You may opt-out of the use of this cookie by visiting Google’s Advertising and Privacy page: www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Links.
Our website may include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Alkimii. If you submit information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Publicly Accessible Parts of Our Website and Social Media Features.
Our website may offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your Personal Information from our blog or community forum, please contact us using the contact information below.
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us using the contact information below.
Our website may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the features.
Updates to this Privacy Policy.
Alkimii may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will notify account holders of significant changes in the way we treat any Personal Information, by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Alkimii account. We may also place a prominent notice on our website. You will have an opportunity to opt out of such new or different uses of Personal Information prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information.
For questions related to this Privacy Policy, or to correct, update, amend or request that we remove, your Personal Information, please contact hello@Alkimii.com or at:
Alkimii Ltd
25 Harbour Road
Skerries
Co. Dublin
Ireland
Phone: +353-1-5311177
International Transfers
Wherever you use our website or access our Services, you understand and acknowledge that we store your data within the EU in accordance with EU Data Protection legislation.
Alkimii and the EU Data Protection
For human resources data of EU residents we comply with EU Data Protection Authorities and relevant legislation such as GDPR.
Have more questions? We're here to help, so please contact us.
Information Related to Data Collected through the Alkimii Services.
Alkimii collects information under the direction of its Clients, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes.
Access to Data Controlled by our Clients
Alkimii has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his/her request to the applicable Alkimii Client (the data controller). The Client is able to remove the data without Alkimii’s involvement, or will request that Alkimii remove the data.