Get VPN One
PRIVACY POLICY
Last update: 3 June 2018
Our privacy policy applies to information we collect when you use or access our website, application, or just interact with us. We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Whenever we make changes to this privacy policy, the changes are effective immediately after we post the revised privacy policy (as indicated by revising the date at the top of our privacy policy). We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you access our services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you participate in any interactive features of our services, fill out a form, request customer support, provide any contact or identifying information or otherwise communicate with us. The data we collect can include timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, iOS ad identifier (IDFA), the session start / stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (WiFi and so on), etc.
VPNOne protect your personal information.
Except for the limited exceptions below, we do not collect any information transmitted through our network. More specifically, we do not collect any information regarding the websites you visit or the IP addresses assigned to you when you access the VPNOne Private Network, and with respect to our VPN service, we do not collect any data stored on or transmitted from your device, including any data that applications on your device may transmit through our network.
In order to provide an access to the Service we automatically collect certain non-Personal Information from Users.
VPNOne assigns a unique identifier to each User of the Service, but VPNOne does not tie these unique identifiers to the Personal Information of Users. Additionally, any browsing information or other similar information relating to your online activities transmitted by you to our servers when using VPNOne is cleared after your VPN “session” is closed.
When you use the Service, VPNOne will check your account information (which includes Personal Information) to determine the level of service you have signed up for before establishing your VPN connection. Your account information is not associated with your online activities when using VPNOne.
Use of Information
We use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our services. We will collect the statistic about users’ behavior and location. By learning and analyzing the statistic, we will improve the service and product to be better;
Provide services you request, process transactions and to send you related information;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service. When there is a debug about the product version, we will use E-mail to contact with you, and collect the specific information such as unique device ID, device type, browser type, and operating system type. Those are helpful to speed up solving problems and improve product experience;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services;
Personalize and improve our services.
By accessing and using our services, you consent to the processing and transfer of your information in and to the United States and other countries.
When you become a Premium user of the Service, your personal information, E-mail address and IP location address included, will be collected to set a separate Premium account and verify Premium identification.
Please note that access to your personal information is in accordance with VPNOne's retention and access policy.
Third Party Analytics
We are proud to offer a free, advertising-supported, version of VPNOne. On the free version of VPNOne, you may see some generic ads that our ad partners place in front of certain apps or websites. Keep in mind that we do not target these ads based on your personal information.
VPNOne does not share your IP address, browsing history, or any other information you choose VPNOne to provide, with advertisers.
To improve our product and provide you better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites, including web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and third parties to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and other websites and better understand your online activity. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.
For more information, please visit:
Appodeal: https://www.appodeal.com/privacy-policy
Facebook: https://business.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Appsflyer: https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Firebase: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
Onesignal: https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
Advertisers may also place cookies in your browser that may allow them to collect certain information about your browsing history. To find out more about how to exercise choices with respect to certain third party cookies, including opting out of receiving such cookies, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising at www.aboutads.info, or the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org. If you use VPNOne Premium, the Premium subscription based version of our product, we will not serve any ads and thus no information will be collected by our third party ad partners on the VPNOne Premium product.
Legal basis for data processing
We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Sites); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and based on consent by our customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes). In some instances, you may be required to provide us with Personal Data for processing as described above, in order for us to be able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the features of our Sites.
The rights of VPNOne's user
Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data. Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Requests should be submitted by contacting us through
[email protected]
If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your Personal Data infringes applicable law. We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.
VPNOne user understands that the present Privacy Policy is subject to immaterial changes made by VPNOne at any time at its sole discretion, and you agree to be bound by these modifications, changes and/or revisions.
Home
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About us
Support
ABOUT
Home
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About us
Support
GET THE APP