Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 16th, 2022
Q-Games Ltd. (collectively “Q-Games”, “us”, “our” or “we”) is committed to protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information you provide in connection with our website or any Q-Games game or application provided on other websites or digital platforms (collectively, “Games”) or other third party sources (collectively, the “Service”).
Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to information collected by Q-Games through your use of the Service. By using the Service, you are agreeing to the collection and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. You are responsible for periodically reading this Privacy Policy. If you use our Service after we have updated this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge that you have read the updated terms and consent to our revised privacy practices. Use of the Service after changes are made to the Privacy Policy will be considered your consent to the new terms.
Our Games and Services primarily use services provided by Game Analytics, Unity Analytics, Facebook, and Microsoft Azure Playfab. For information on data stored by these services, please refer to their privacy policy.
Our Games receive only very limited data about you and only after you accept any tracking. We do not store personal or gameplay data on our servers. We do not share any data with third parties. We do not collect any personal data or identifying information. Not all games developed and published by Q-Games Ltd. include data tracking. All Data Collection is commenced after acceptance, Data Collection is optional in all our Games.
Q-Games’ primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service. Q-Games may use user information to analyze user behavior in Q-Games’ games. For example, Q-Games may analyze user information to determine how often users play a particular game, when users purchase premium goods, and other similar events.
When you use any of Q-Games’ games or applications, we may collect and record information through the social networking website you use to access the Service.
We may collect both Personal and Non-Personal Information. Personal Information is defined as information about you that can be used to contact or identify you such as your name, email address, home address, and phone number. Personal Information does not include aggregate information, which is data we collect about the characteristics and activities of users of the Service, from which any Personal Information has been removed. Non-Personal Information does not identify you personally and can include age, gender, location, or interests. We may combine Personal Information with Non-Personal Information and use this combination to improve your experience or to aggregate it with information collected from other users to improve or analyze our Service. This privacy policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate information or of Non-Personal Information.
The information we collect when you access the Service through Facebook may include information that is visible on your social networking page such as: (1) your name, (2) Facebook user identification number and/or name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) time zone. If you provide your email address in connection with a Q-Games game, the email address will be retained by Q-Games and we may use that email address to contact you about other Q-Games games.
When you visit our Site or use the Service on Facebook, your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses are logged automatically. We also collect information about your usage and activity, such as number of clicks, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Services.
We may also acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2) your email of a question to our customer support , (3) your purchase of a virtual product of any type, (4) your participation in surveys regarding the Service or (5) your participation in a sweepstakes or contest through the Service. Please note that because third parties manage the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, we do not have access to your credit card details and billing information.
If you launch any of our games or applications on a mobile device, we may also collect information regarding your device type, operating system and version, advertiserID, IP address and unique device ID (UDID).
All information collected by Q-Games may be retained for a period of six months.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. The Service sends cookies to your computer when you access or view content of a Q-Games game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your Personal Information for purposes such as improving the quality of our Service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Q-Games does not share your Personal Information except as approved by you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies;
Agents and Service Providers: Q-Games may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. Examples of these services include sending postal mail and e-mail to you and analyzing data. While these agents and service providers may have access to your Personal Information in connection with the performance of services for Q-Games, they may not use such information for any purpose other than providing such services to Q-Games.
Protection of Q-Games and Others: We may release Personal Information when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Q-Games our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any Personal Information by changing the applicable information through Facebook. If you completely delete all this information, your account may become deactivated.
If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us at contact@q-games.com You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Q-Games by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
Security of your Personal Information
Q-Games secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Q-Games secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
contact@q-games.com
.
Making Sure Your Essay Projects Succeed with the Right Writing Services
Your Essay Writing Solution is Here!
Get the Perfect Essay Results with Our Professional Writing Services
Best Writing Essay Services to Achieve Academic Excellence
Expert Assistance for the Perfect Essay Results