Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Your privacy is important to us, Show Pony Group Pty Ltd ACN 156 041 913 (Showpo, we or us).  This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy or Policy) outlines how your information is collected, used and disclosed when you access or use our Services as defined in our
Terms
.  This information is collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act).
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into our
Terms
.  Any capitalised terms not defined in this Policy are defined in the Terms.  You agree to comply with all Terms when accessing or using our Services, including this Privacy Policy.
2. What information do we collect and how is it collected?
We collect Personal Information, as defined in the Privacy Act (including Sensitive Information as defined in the Privacy Act), when you access or use our Services.
2.1 Information provided by you
We collect information that you provide to us via use of our Services as well as through any other means used to contact us.
The kinds of Personal Information we collect include your contact information such as your name, email address, organisation, address and phone or mobile number.
We reserve the right to maintain, store and use any information or data where we reasonably believe  that such action is required to comply with any legal or regulatory obligations, to prevent criminal or other unlawful activity whether immediate or in the future, or where we have a legitimate business reason to do so, including collection of amounts owed, resolving disputes, enforcing our Terms or for record keeping integrity.
You expressly consent to the use of your Personal Information for the provision of Services in accordance with our Terms.
2.2 Automatically collected Personal Information
We automatically record information from your device and its software when you access our Services, including your IP address, operating system, web browser and device type, internet service provider, mobile phone carrier, platform type, the Website from which you came and the Website to which you are going when you leave our Services, the pages you visit and features you use on our Website, date and time stamp and cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or account.
When accessing our Services using a mobile device, we may also receive and collect identification numbers associated with your device, mobile carrier, device type and manufacturer, and, if enabled, geographical location data (including GPS).  Please note that some of the information we collect, for example an IP address, can sometimes be used to approximate a device's location.
2.3 Personal Information collected via cookies
Our Services may use small pieces of data called cookies to identify a user who engages with our Services and to compile records of a user’s history of engaging with our Services.  Cookies are stored by a users’ browser while the user browses a Website.  Cookies do not usually contain information that personally identifies a person, but each time the user visits the Website, the browser sends the cookie data back to the server to notify the system of the user's previous activity.  If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your browser settings, however please be aware that if you choose to do this, some functionality of our Website will not be available to you.
We sometimes share some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
2.4 Google Analytics
Showpo uses Google Analytics, which allows us to anonymously track the use of our Services by recording the number of users who have visited, the number of pages viewed, navigation patterns, what systems users have and the date and time of visits through cookies. This information is collected for statistical purposes only and cannot be used to identify you.
Showpo may use a range of services and functions offered by Google Analytics, including but not limited to Google Optimize, Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.  Showpo also uses Google Analytics to partner with third parties and advertise online. Our third-party partner may use technologies such as cookies and third party Tracking Technologies to gather information about your activities on our Website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
Please see this
link
for how your data is collected and this
link
for instructions on how to opt-out of any Google Analytics data tracking.
3. For what purposes do we collect and use Personal Information?
We collect your Personal Information as outlined in this Privacy Policy for the purposes described below:
for provision of the Services;
register your user account and to verify your identity or age;
facilitate payment and processing via third party gateways and alternative payment methods (such as Paypal);
or communication with you in association with the functions and features of the Services;
for communicating to you any announcements and updates, updated terms, conditions and policies, security alerts, technical notices, support and administrative messages;
for analysis, monitoring, development and improvement of our Services, including other products or services;
for security purposes, including to protect the Services and our property from abuse, fraud, malicious, unauthorised access or potentially illegal activities, and to protect our rights, safety and property and that of our other users;
for sending marketing communications to you, including notifying you of promotional or advertising offers, contests and rewards, upcoming events and other news about products and services offered by us and use of our Services;
to comply with relevant laws and regulations where applicable; and
for the performance of other functions described at the time of collection or as consented to in relation to our Services.
4. How do we store and protect your information?
4.1 Storage of Personal Information
We take reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  The Personal Information we collect from you is transferred and stored electronically via a secured SSL connection, in secured, password-protected servers located in the USA and Australia. You agree and consent to Showpo storing your Personal Information on such servers.
4.2 Who can access your Personal Information?
Your Personal Information is accessible to our employees, contractors and our third-party service providers such as our Website host and technical support providers.  We may also store your Personal Information in password-protected email databases for the purpose of sending out communications and marketing emails in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Please note that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your Personal Information.  Transmission of Personal Information over the Internet is at your own risk and you should only enter, or instruct the entering of, Personal Information to the Services within a secure environment.  It is your responsibility to ensure that you keep your Personal Information safe, including keeping your software up to date to prevent security breaches.
We reserve the right to maintain and store any information or data where, we reasonably believe, in our sole discretion, that such action is required to comply with any legal or regulatory obligations, to prevent criminal or other unlawful activity whether immediate or in the future, or where we have a legitimate business reason to do so, including collection of amounts owed, resolving disputes, enforcing our Terms or for record keeping integrity.
We destroy or de-identify your Personal Information after 2 years where it is no longer needed for the purposes outlined in this Policy.  However, we may also be required to keep some of your personal information for specified periods of time, for example under certain laws relating to corporations, money laundering, and financial reporting legislation.
5. To whom your Personal Information is disclosed?
Your Personal Information may be disclosed to individuals and companies, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, as outlined below:
5.1 Showpo and Related Bodies Corporate
Your Personal Information may be accessed by us, including our directors, employees, officers and contractors.  You consent to us providing your Personal Information, including Sensitive Information to our Related Bodies Corporate (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)).
5.2 Parties required by law
Your Personal Information may be disclosed by us to any party to whom we are required by law to provide your Personal Information and to any party to whom disclosure is permitted under the Australian Privacy Principles, or where we reasonably believe that disclosure is required to comply with any court orders, subpoenas, or other legal process or investigation including by tax authorities, if such disclosure is required by law. Where possible and appropriate, we will notify you if we are required by law to disclose your Personal Information.
5.3 Direct marketing
You agree and expressly and indefinitely consent to us using or disclosing Personal Information (other than Sensitive Information) to keep you informed about our products and services and other products and services that we consider may be of interest to you.  For this purpose, disclosure may be made to our third-party service providers.  We may communicate with you via phone, email, social media, SMS, or regular mail.  If you have indicated a preference for a method of communication, we will endeavour to use that method wherever practical to do so.
You can opt-out of direct marketing communication activities undertaken by us at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link on email communications from us, replying ‘Stop’ to a promotional SMS or by contacting us by phone or email.
Please note that our transactional emails, such as order confirmations, may contain marketing communications including recommendations as to products you may be interested in.  By making an order with us, you expressly consent to us sending you such emails containing marketing communications.
5.4 Other third parties
We may share your Personal Information with third parties if it is reasonably related to the provision of our Services.  The third parties that we may share your Personal Information with includes consultants, contractors, credit agencies, debt collection agencies and other service providers to us that perform services on our behalf.  Such services we procure may include identifying and disseminating advertisements, enforcement of our Terms, providing fraud detection and prevention services, processing payments or providing analytics services.  We may also share your Personal Information with our business partners who offer goods or services to you jointly with us (for example, contests or promotions).
We may share your Personal Information where we have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.
We may also share your Personal Information with third parties with your consent in a separate agreement, in connection with any company transaction (such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party) or in the event of bankruptcy, dissolution, divestiture or any related or similar proceedings.
Note that we reserve the right to share your Personal Information with other third parties where, in our sole discretion, it is required to:
investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations;
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Showpo, its users or the public as required or permitted by 	law; and
detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.
5.5 Overseas disclosure
Please note that the Services are available worldwide.  Please note that some of the parties listed above to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed and processed by, may be located overseas. You expressly consent to the disclosure of such Personal Information to the parties above, including where they are located overseas.
We use reasonable steps to ensure that these parties are either governed by substantially similar, accessible and enforceable laws to the Australian Privacy Principles or adhere to the Australian Privacy Principles, however to the maximum extent permitted by law, we are not liable for the privacy practices of such parties.  Overseas organisations may be required to disclose information that we share with them under an applicable foreign law.
Please note that the transfer of your Personal Information to such overseas parties may pose risks to the security of your Personal Information as these countries may not have been issued with an adequacy decision as set out in the GDPR (see paragraph 11) or have appropriate safeguards in place, however by providing your Personal Information to us, you acknowledge and consent to disclosure of Personal Information to such overseas recipients.
6. Third party Websites and social media
Our Services may, from time to time, contain links to and from Websites which are owned or operated by other parties or use services of third parties, including Google, Facebook, Adyen, and Emarsys. You acknowledge and agree that Showpo has no control over, and shall not be liable for, the privacy practices or content of these third party Websites and Showpo does not make any representation about the privacy practices of, any third-party Websites, whether or not linked from or transferred from our Services.  You are responsible for checking the Privacy Policy of any such Websites and applications so that you can be informed of how they will handle Personal Information.
We run pages on a number of social media platforms, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest and Google Plus (Social Media Platforms).   By accessing, interacting with and using our social media pages, you agree to the terms and Privacy Policy of those Social Media Platforms. You acknowledge and agree that these Social Media Platforms may collect your information and that the privacy practices of those Social Media Platforms are not controlled by us and that we hold no responsibility for such privacy practices.
Social Media Platforms also allow public access to your public social media profile, which may include your username, age range, country/language, list of friends or other information that you make publicly available and you understand that such information may therefore be accessible by us if you interact with its social media pages.
We may from time to time, have access to statistics regarding the number of views, navigation patterns, posts that you like, comment on or share and any user interactions with our social media pages and may use such information for the purpose of its marketing and promotion strategies.
7. How can you access or update your Personal Information?
At any time, you may request access to Personal Information we hold about you.  We may refuse to provide access if the law allows us to do so, in which case we will provide reasons for our decision as required by law.
We take reasonable steps to keep your Personal Information accurate, complete and up-to-date. If, at any time, you discover that information held about you is incorrect, you may contact us to have the information deleted or corrected.
You may request access to the information we hold about you, or request that we delete, update or correct any Personal Information we hold about you, by setting out your request in writing and sending it to us in accordance with paragraph 10.
Showpo will process your request as soon as reasonably practicable, provided we are not otherwise prevented from doing so on legal grounds. If we are unable to meet your request, we will let you know why.
8. How can you make a complaint about our privacy practices?
You may submit a written complaint about how we handle your Personal Information to our Privacy Officer via the details below. If you are not satisfied with our handling of your complaint or we have not replied to you within a reasonable period of time, then you are entitled to make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner or, if you are in the EU, a data protection authority or supervisory authority.
9. Amendments
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time as we see fit. While we endeavour to notify you as soon as reasonably possible of any changes to our Policies by email or by a notice on our Services, it is your responsibility to keep up to date with any changes or amendments by checking this page prior to using our Services.  This page contains our most accurate and up to date version of our Privacy Policy.
10. Contact us
All requests for access or corrections to your Personal Information and complaints should be directed to our Data Protection Officer. If submitting a complaint, please provide our Data Protection Officer with full details of your complaint and any supporting documentation:
by contact form at www.showpo.com;
by e-mail at privacy@showpo.com; or
by letter to the Data Protection Officer, Unit 3, 203 Rookwood Road, Chullora NSW 2190.
If you are not satisfied with our handling of your complaint or we have not replied to you within a reasonable period of time, then you are entitled to make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
11. Application of GDPR
For the purpose of clarity, data processing of individuals in the European Union (EU) is carried on only occasionally and as such, no EU representative has been designated, however the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 may apply to you if you are resident of, reside in or are located in the EU.
If the GDPR applies, in this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” shall also include the definition of “Personal Data” under the GDPR and terms that are defined in the GDPR shall be defined in this Privacy Policy in accordance with the GDPR.
If the GDPR applies, this paragraph applies in addition to the above paragraphs to the extent that we are acting as a “Data Controller” with respect to your Personal Information.
11.1 Consent and right to withdraw consent
By clicking accept to this Privacy Policy or otherwise notifying us of your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, you agree that you are providing express, freely given consent to us processing your Personal Information for the purposes outlined above and that we may lawfully process your Personal Information on the basis of this consent.
To the extent that our legal basis for processing your Personal Information is consent, you have a right to withdraw consent to the collection of your Personal Information at any time by sending us a written request to do so via the contact details above.
11.2 Legal Basis
Our legal bases for collecting and processing your Personal Information for the purposes listed above may be:
your express consent;
for our legitimate interests in providing information about the Services to you or providing the Services to you and 	improving and developing the Services; and/or
in order to perform a contract (whether verbal or written) for you in order to provide paid Services to you.
11.3 Your rights
We have summarised your rights under the GDPR, but please note that not all of the details of your rights have been included in these summaries.  Please ensure to read the relevant laws and guidelines for a full explanation of these rights.
    You may exercise these rights by contacting us to notify us of the rectification or provide information to complete your Personal Information.
(a) Right of access
You have a right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not your Personal Information is being processed and, if so, you may request access to that Personal Information and further information including the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Information concerned and the recipients of the Personal Information. The first copy of such information will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
(b) Right of rectification
You have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate Personal Information concerning you and you have the right to have incomplete Personal Information completed.
(c) Right to erasure
You have the right to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information without undue delay if:
the Personal Information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
you withdraw consent to consent-based processing;
you object to the processing under certain rules of the GDPR; or
the Personal Information has been unlawfully processed.
However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure such as where processing is necessary to exercise the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
(d) Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to restrict the processing of your Personal Information if:
you contest the accuracy of the Personal Information;
processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure;
we no longer need the Personal Information for the purposes of our processing, but you require Personal 	Information for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection.
Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your Personal Information, however we will only process it with your consent, for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons of important public interest.
(e) Right to data portability
To the extent where your Personal Information has been provided based on consent, under a contract, or where processing is carried out by automated means, you have a right to receive Personal Information concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have a right to transmit that data to a Data Controller, except where this would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
(f) Right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your Personal Information for this purpose.
12. SMS Compliance
12.1 TCPA Compliance
Text Marketing and notifications:
By entering your phone number in the checkout and initializing a purchase, subscribing via our subscription form or a keyword, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. Text marketing messages will not exceed 30 a month. You acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase.
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you within any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply.
For any questions please text HELP to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt-out please follow the procedures above.
12.2 GDPR Compliance
Text Marketing Terms and Conditions:
We are using a text messaging initialising, which is subject to the following terms and conditions. By opting-in for our text marketing and notifications, you agree to these terms and conditions.
By entering your phone number in the checkout and initialising a purchase, subscribing via our subscription form or a keyword, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. You acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase.
Your phone number, name, and purchase information will be shared with our SMS platform "SMSBump Inc, an European Union company with an office in Sofia, Bulgaria, EU. This data will be used for sending you targeted marketing messages and notifications. Upon sending the text messages, your phone number will be passed to a text messages operator to fulfill their delivery.
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you within any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply.
For any questions please text "HELP" to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt-out please follow the procedures above.
This site uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience!
Learn more
OK, got it!