Products
Blog
Contact
About us
Privacy Policy
Summary
We
do not
collect any personal information about you. ConjuGato sends us a bit of anonymous stats via Microsoft's
App Center
. This allows us to know why crashes happen (crash logs contain some anonymous data like your device model, OS version and a list of calls inside the code that lead to a crash).
The text below is some boring legal boilerplate required by the App Store and Google Play.
Introduction
QotoQot ("us", "we", or "our") operates ConjuGato mobile application (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, unique device identifiers and other anonymized diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Use of Data
QotoQot uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To provide customer care and support
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Collected information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Chile and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data to Chile and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
QotoQot will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by visiting this page on our website: https://qotoqot.com/contact/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://qotoqot.com/qbserve/privacy-policy/:
Products
Support
About us
Qbserve Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Qbserve ("Application") for macOS.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
Automatically Collected Information
The Application collects and sends anonymized operating system version, operating system language, number of days since installation. The Application uses the
App Center
to collect anonymized crash logs and daily usage. You can opt-out from this by prohibiting Internet access for the Application with your operating system firewall.
Manually Collected Information
The Application can ask you to anonymously submit domain names that you are visiting in your Internet browser and application bundle IDs that you are using on your computer. You can opt-out of these requests in the Application settings. This information is not associated with automatically collected technical information in any way.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We are not intentionally selling or sharing the collected information to any third party. However, we are using third party service Firebase.com to collect it, so please see
their privacy policy
.
Data Retention Policy
We will retain collected information for up to 12 months. We can delete any accidentally submitted information on your request, please contact us at
https://qotoqot.com/contact/
.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email that you provided to us during purchase process. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing", means using cookies on a computer or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Republic of Chile and the United States.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us at
https://qotoqot.com/contact/
.