Need help with my app!Need help with my app!
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.bodybuilding.com/en-US/articles/privacy-and-security-140462:
All articles
Privacy & Security
All articles
Privacy & Security
Changing Email
Once you are logged-in to your account, you can change your email address on our https://bodyspace.bodybuilding.com/community/change-email page. This page can also be accessed from your profile settings in BodySpace:
Web Accessibility Statement
Bodybuilding.com cares about all of our customers and is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.bodybuilding.com (the "Website"), ensuring that our Website services and content are accessible to pe
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy. LAST UPDATED: DECEMBER 1, 2021. 1. What is a Cookie?. Cookies are small bits of data we store on the device (e.g., computer, mobile phone, tablet, or any other mobile device) that you use to access any of the Bodybuilding.com Platform
Privacy Policy
BODYBUILDING.COM PRIVACY POLICY. Last Updated: February 2023. When using Bodybuilding.com, you trust us with your fitness goals and personal data. We’re committed to keeping that trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, process, and
California Supply Chain Act
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Statement. The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 (the “Act”) requires that certain retail sellers and manufacturers doing business in California disclose on their websites whether and to
CA Consumer Privacy Act
For California residents who wish to exercise their rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), please use the button below to launch our web form to submit a request and we will respond as soon as possible. Thank you!. US Privacy Web Fo
Data Incident
Bodybuilding.com recently became aware of a data security incident that may have affected certain customer information in our possession. We have no evidence that personal information was accessed or misused, but we are directly notifying all current
DSHEA Compliance
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Always consult with a qualified healthcare professional prior to beginning any diet or exercis
Conditions of Sale
These Conditions of Sale apply to all purchases from and govern the sale of all products on Bodybuilding.com. We offer a range of services and products, and sometimes additional terms may apply. When you use a Bodybuilding.com service (for example, B
Terms of Use
Terms of Use. BODYBUILDING.COM TERMS OF USELegal updated: February 2024. These Terms of Use ("Terms") govern all use of Bodybuilding.com ("Bodybuilding.com"). Bodybuilding.com includes bodybuilding.com, bodyspace.bodybuilding.com, forum.bodybuilding.
Affiliate Program Terms and Conditions
This Agreement, including the Advertising and Promotion Guidelines and the description of the Bodybuilding.com Affiliate Program provided through the Network(s) (defined below) on Bodybuilding.com's Information Page (collectively the 'Agreement') is
Bodyfit Terms and Conditions
BODYFIT BY BODYBUILDING.COM TERMS OF USE AND SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT. These Terms of Use and Subscriber Agreement (“Terms”) governs your use of digital products and services from Bodybuilding.com and access to Bodybuilding.com’s BodyFit program (“BodyFi
EU Conditions of Use
EU Conditions Of Use. Last modified on December 2023. Bodybuilding.com (UK) Ltd. and/or its parent companies, affiliates and subsidiaries ('BBcom UK') provide website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at Bodybuild
EU Privacy Notice
EU PRIVACY NOTICE. Bodybuilding.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This notice describes Bodybuilding.com's privacy policy as it applies to your u
EU Data Protection
For residents of the EEA who wish to exercise their rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), please use the button below to launch our web form to submit a request and we will respond as soon as possible. Thank you!If you are a res
EU General Data Protection Regulation
For residents of the EEA who wish to exercise their rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), please use the button below to launch our web form to submit a request and we will respond as soon as possible. Thank you!. EU / UK Privac
Consent Agreement
Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used, but not defined in this Consent Agreement, have the meaning given in the BodyFit Terms & Conditions or the Subscribe & Gain Terms & Conditions, as applicable. Authorization. When you store your card for future t