OpenSpace Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 18, 2024
Privacy Policy
At Open Space, we take your privacy seriously. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn how we treat your personal data.
By using or accessing our web or mobile application-based services (“Services”) in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined below, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use and share your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy Table of Contents
What this Privacy Policy Covers
Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data
How We Share Your Personal Data
Tracking Tools, Advertising and Opt-Out
Data Security and Retention
Personal Data of Children
Other State Law Privacy Rights
European Union and United Kingdom Data Subject Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Information
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather when you access or use our Services. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations. Open Space’s products are a business-to-business offering and, in the ordinary course of providing those products, we may process personal data at the direction of our enterprise customers (“
Enterprise Customer
”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to our data use practices in connection with personal data collected from or on behalf of our Enterprise Customer. The Enterprise Customer (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into a data processing agreement, applicable terms, or another written agreement executed by us controls such data (“
Enterprise Customer Data
”). If you have any questions related to that Enterprise Customer’s settings or privacy practices, please contact such organization. If we process your personal data on behalf of one of our Enterprise Customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate personal data, please directly contact the organization on whose behalf we are processing such personal data. We will follow the Enterprise Customer’s instructions with regard to the personal data at issue. We will retain such personal data pursuant to our retention policy and will retain it as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control, such as our Enterprise Customers, or people we don’t manage.
Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
This chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect and have collected over the past 12 months:
Category of Personal Data
Examples of Personal Data We Collect
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share this Personal Data:
Profile or Contact Data
First and last name
Email
Phone number
Business mailing address
Service Providers
Advertising Partners
Analytics Partners
Business Partners
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Online Identifiers
Unique identifiers such as username, passwords and hashed emails
Service Providers
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Device/IP Data
IP address
Type of device/operating system/browser used to access the Services
Analytics Partners
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Web Analytics
Web page interactions
Referring webpage/source through which you accessed the Services
Non-identifiable request IDs
Statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Services
Analytics Partners
Geolocation Data
GPS data
Service Providers
Sensory Data
Photos, videos or recordings of your environment
Service Providers
Business Partners
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
We collect Personal Data about you from the following categories of sources:
You
When you provide such information directly to us
.
When you create an account or use our interactive tools and Services.
When you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes through the Services or through responses to surveys or questionnaires.
When you send us an email or otherwise contact us.
When you use the Services and such information is collected automatically
.
Through Cookies (defined in the “Tracking Tools, Advertising and Opt-Out” section below).
If you download our mobile application or use a location-enabled browser, we may receive information about your location and mobile device, as applicable.
If you download and install certain applications and software we make available, we may receive and collect information transmitted from your computing device for the purpose of providing you the relevant Services, such as information regarding when you are logged on and available to receive updates or alert notices.
Third Parties
Vendors
We may use analytics providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.
We may use vendors to obtain information to generate leads and create user profiles and, in some cases we may enrich the information you’ve provided with data we receive from third parties.
Advertising Partners
We receive information about you from some of our vendors who assist us with marketing or promotional services related to how you interact with our websites, applications, products, Services, advertisements or communications.
Business Partners, including our Enterprise Customers
If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Services through a third-party site or service, some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your account with us.
We also may receive personal information about you from one of the organizations that we have a contractual relationship with, such as our Enterprise Customers, to provide the Services.
Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Services
Creating and managing your account or other user profiles.
Providing you with the products, services or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Services.
Improving the Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Services, website content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
Marketing the Services
Marketing and selling the Services.
Showing you advertisements, including interest-based or online behavioral advertising.
Corresponding with You
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about Open Space or the Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences or that display content that we think will interest you.
Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms
Fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process, such as preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.
Protecting the rights, property or safety of you, Open Space or another party.
Enforcing any agreements with you.
Responding to claims that any posting or other content violates third-party rights.
Resolving disputes.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
How We Share Your Personal Data
We disclose your Personal Data to the categories of service providers and other parties listed in this section. Depending on state laws that may be applicable to you, some of these disclosures may constitute a “sale” of your Personal Data. For more information, please refer to the state-specific sections below.
Service Providers.
These parties help us provide the Services or perform business functions on our behalf. They include:
Hosting, technology and communication providers.
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Support and customer service vendors.
Product fulfillment and delivery providers.
Payment processors.
Our payment processing partner, Adyen S.A. (together with tehir affiliates, “Adyen”), collects your voluntarily-provided payment card information necessary to process your payment.
Please see Adyen’s terms of service and privacy policy for information on its use and storage of your Personal Data.
Advertising Partners.
These parties help us market our services and provide you with other offers that may be of interest to you. They include:
Ad networks.
Marketing providers.
Analytics Partners.
These parties provide analytics on web traffic or usage of the Services. They include:
Companies that track how users found or were referred to the Services.
Companies that track how users interact with the Services.
Business Partners.
These parties partner with us in offering various services. They include:
Businesses that you have a relationship with, such as our Enterprise Customers.
Companies that we partner with to offer joint promotional offers or opportunities or integrations.
Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Third parties you access through the services.
Legal Obligations
We may share any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in conjunction with any of the activities set forth under “Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms” in the “Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data” section above.
Business Transfers
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part). Should one of these events occur, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you before your information becomes subject to different privacy and security policies and practices.
Data that is Not Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
Tracking Tools, Advertising and Opt-Out
The Services use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and JavaScript (collectively, “Cookies”) to enable our servers to recognize your web browser, tell us how and when you visit and use our Services, analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you use that device to access our Services. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s). Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Services do not support “Do Not Track” requests sent from a browser at this time. We use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies
.
Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functional Cookies
.
Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Performance/Analytical Cookies
.
Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to understand how visitors use our Services. They do this by collecting information about the number of visitors to the Services, what pages visitors view on our Services and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Services. Performance/Analytical Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising. For example, Google LLC (“Google”) uses cookies in connection with its Google Analytics services. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You have the option to opt-out of Google’s use of Cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at www.google.com/privacy_ads.html or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Retargeting/Advertising Cookies
.
Retargeting/Advertising Cookies collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that we believe is relevant to you. For more information about this, please see the section below titled “Information about Interest-Based Advertisements.”
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your internet browser’s settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the Cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new Cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all Cookies that are already on your device. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our website and some of the Services and functionalities may not work.   To explore what Cookie settings are available to you, look in the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu. To find out more information about Cookies, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
or
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
if you are located in the European Union.
Information about Interest-Based Advertisements:
We may serve advertisements, and also allow third-party ad networks, including third-party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms, to serve advertisements through the Services. These advertisements may be targeted to users who fit certain general profile categories or display certain preferences or behaviors (“Interest-Based Ads”). Information for Interest-Based Ads (including Personal Data) may be provided to us by you, or derived from the usage patterns of particular users on the Services and/or services of third parties. Such information may be gathered through tracking users’ activities across time and unaffiliated properties, including when you leave the Services. To accomplish this, we or our service providers may deliver Cookies, including a file (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network to you through the Services. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Web beacons allow ad networks to view, edit or set their own Cookies on your browser, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Although we work to protect the security of your account and other data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the internet or storing data is completely secure. We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 16  years of age; if you are a child under the age of 16, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 16 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at support@openspace.ai.
State Law Privacy Rights
California Resident Rights
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at support@openspace.ai.
Nevada Resident Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at support@openspace.ai with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account.
European Union and United Kingdom Data Subject Rights
EU and UK Residents
If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom (“UK”), Lichtenstein, Norway or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU or UK General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) with respect to your Personal Data, as outlined below. For this section, we use the terms “Personal Data” and “processing” as they are defined in the GDPR, but “Personal Data” generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and “processing” generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with data such as collection, use, storage and disclosure. Open Space will be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with the Services. If there are any conflicts between this this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at support@openspace.ai. Note as clarified above, that we may also process Personal Data of our Enterprise Customers’ end users or employees in connection with our provision of certain services to customers, in which case we are the processor of Personal Data. If we are the processor of your Personal Data (i.e., not the controller), please contact the controller party in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data.
Data Privacy Framework
We have also self-certified compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (“Data Privacy Framework”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework, the Data Privacy Framework shall govern. Our compliance with the Data Privacy Framework is subject to the investigative and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Our Data Privacy Framework certification applies to personal information that we collect and process in the course of our business. It also applies to Personal Data in Enter Customer Data that our Enterprise customers and their Authorized Users upload and store in the Service from the European Union and European Economic Area member states, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, except where the agreement with the customer stipulates a different transfer mechanism recognized by the relevant authorities (e.g., standard contractual clauses). The types of personal information that our customers upload and store in the Service is at their discretion (subject to any limitations in the applicable agreement) and we only process such information in accordance with the customer’s instructions, as set forth in the applicable agreement.
We are liable if any third-party agents to which we disclose personal information fail to meet the obligations under the Data Privacy Framework for which we are responsible and such failure results in damages, unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the events giving rise to the damages.
You may direct any inquiries or complaints concerning our Data Privacy Framework compliance to
privacy@openspace.ai
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints within 45 days. If your inquiry or complaint is not resolved as it relates to Snowflake’s compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, you may contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) via
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
. If neither we or our dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may choose to pursue binding arbitration. Further information about binding arbitration can be found here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Personal Data We Collect
The “Categories of Personal Data We Collect” section above details the Personal Data that we collect from you.
Personal Data Use and Processing Grounds
The “Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data” section above explains how we use your Personal Data. We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.
Legitimate Interest
: We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties:
Profile or Contact Data
Online Identifiers
Device/IP Data
Web Analytics
Geolocation Data
Sensory Data
We may also de-identify or anonymize Personal Data to further our legitimate interests.
Examples of these legitimate interests include (as described in more detail above):
Providing, customizing and improving the Services.
Marketing the Services.
Corresponding with you.
Meeting legal requirements and enforcing legal terms.
Completing corporate transactions.
Consent
: In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.
Other Processing Grounds
: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Sharing Personal Data
The “How We Share Your Personal Data” section above details how we share your Personal Data with third parties.
EU Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email us at privacy@openspace.ai. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
Access
:  You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data. You can also access some of your Personal Data by logging on to your account or by contacting us at
privacy@openspace.ai
.
Rectification
:  If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. You can also correct some of this information directly by logging on to your account or by contacting us at
privacy@openspace.ai
.
Erasure
:  You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent
:  If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Services.
Portability
:  You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Objection
:  You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes.
Restriction of Processing
:  You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.
Right to File Complaint
:  You have the right to lodge a complaint about Open Space’s practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
Transfers of Personal Data
The Services are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through Open Space and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S. may differ from the laws where you reside. By using the Services, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Open Space in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize Open Space to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, but we will alert you to any such changes by placing a notice on the Open Space website, by sending you an email and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data or your choices and rights regarding such collection and use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Perry Li, Director, Legal
privacy@openspace.ai
333 Kearny St. 4th Fl. San Francisco CA 94108
This OpenSpace site doesn’t match your location.
Would you prefer to switch to our English language website where you’ll see regional content and events? Select your preference below.
English
English
Diese OpenSpace-Website passt nicht zu Ihrem Standort.
Möchten Sie lieber zu unserer deutschsprachigen Website wechseln, auf der Sie regionale Inhalte und Veranstaltungen finden? Wählen Sie unten Ihre Präferenz aus.
Deutsch
English
Deze OpenSpace website komt niet overeen met jouw locatie.
Wil je liever overschakelen naar onze Nederlandstalige website voor regionale inhoud en evenementen? Selecteer hieronder jouw voorkeur.
Nederlands
English
この OpenSpace サイトはあなたの所在地と一致しません。
地域のコンテンツやイベントが表示される英語 Web サイトに切り替えたいですか? 以下から好みを選択してください。
日本語
English
Menu
Why OpenSpace
Products
Pricing
About Us
Resources
Book a Demo
Menu
Menu
Overview
The Tech
Security
Menu
For General Contractors
For the Trades
For Owners
Menu
Documentation
Coordination
QA/QC
Insurance Costs
All Use Cases
Menu
Menu
OpenSpace Capture
OpenSpace BIM+
OpenSpace Track
Menu
Field Notes
Mobile App
Menu
Try OpenSpace
Watch an Overview Video
Learn from Customers
Pricing
Menu
Menu
Company
Careers
Customers
Partners
Menu
News
Press
Menu
Menu
Waypoint
Resource Center
What’s New
Blog
Case Studies
Events
Webinars
OpenSpace Academy
Menu
Support
Contact Us
Store
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 1
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution:
Skip to main content
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
Print Page
Print Page
Download page as PDF
Download page as PDF
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
Next:
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) were respectively developed in furtherance of transatlantic commerce by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission, the UK Government, and the Swiss Federal Administration to provide U.S. organizations with reliable mechanisms for personal data transfers to the United States from the European Union / European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland while ensuring data protection that is consistent with EU, UK, and Swiss law.
The effective date of the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, including the Supplemental Principles and Annex I of the Principles is July 10, 2023, which is the date of entry into force of the European Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. DPF. The adequacy decision enables the transfer of EU personal data to participating organizations consistent with EU law.
Effective as of July 17, 2023, eligible organizations in the United States that wish to self-certify their compliance pursuant to the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF may do so; however, personal data cannot be received from the United Kingdom and Gibraltar in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF before the date that the adequacy regulations implementing the data bridge for the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF enter into force. The data bridge will enable the transfer of UK and Gibraltar personal data to participating organizations consistent with UK law.
The effective date of the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, including the Supplemental Principles and Annex I of the Principles is July 17, 2023; however, personal data cannot be received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF until the date of entry into force of Switzerland’s recognition of adequacy for the Swiss-U.S. DPF. The recognition of adequacy will enable the transfer of Swiss personal data to participating organizations consistent with Swiss law.
The Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, which is administered by the International Trade Administration (ITA) within the U.S. Department of Commerce, enables eligible U.S.-based organizations to self-certify their compliance pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF. To participate in the DPF Program, a U.S.-based organization is required to self-certify to the ITA via the Department's DPF Program website (www.dataprivacyframework.gov) and publicly commit to comply with the DPF Principles. While the decision by an eligible U.S.-based organization to self-certify its compliance pursuant to and participate in the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program is voluntary, effective compliance upon self-certification is compulsory. Once such an organization self-certifies to the ITA and publicly declares its commitment to adhere to the DPF Principles that commitment is enforceable under U.S. law. All organizations interested in self-certifying their compliance pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should review the requirements in their entirety. The Department’s DPF Program website provides useful information regarding the benefits and requirements of participation in the relevant parts of that program.
U.S.-based organizations that self-certify their compliance pursuant to the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program must, amongst other things, provide readily available recourse mechanisms available to investigate unresolved complaints, including a system of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) by an independent third party. The independent recourse mechanisms must be in place prior to self-certification, and must be available at no cost to the individual. Although organizations self-certifying their compliance pursuant to the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program may utilize private sector developed dispute resolution programs for most categories of personal data covered under their self-certifications, those organizations covering human resources data (i.e., personal information about employees, past or present, collected in the context of the employment relationship) transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland must agree to cooperate and comply with the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) respectively with regard to such data.
JAMS is available to serve as your organization’s designated ADR provider and to assist in resolving disputes brought under the DPF Principles, up to the point of any final arbitration invoked in accordance with the procedures and conditions set forth in the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles. With a panel of over 400 neutrals around the world, JAMS specializes in resolving disputes of all sizes and levels of complexity and our neutrals have significant experience resolving issues involving privacy.
Mediation Rules
Mediations will be conducted pursuant to JAMS International Mediation Rules unless the parties have specified a different set of Rules or Procedures.
Download the JAMS International Mediation Rules
Fees
JAMS DOES NOT charge any fees for an organization to name it as an ADR provider. If an organization names JAMS as its ADR provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we request that you notify JAMS
by registering here
.
When a consumer initiates a mediation or an arbitration against an organization (whether under JAMS Rules or another set of rules) all fees for the mediation, including the JAMS Case Management Fee, must be borne by the Organization. The fee arrangement is common to all DPF Dispute Resolution cases for the European Union / European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (and Gibralter), and Switzerland. For any other matters, standard JAMS policies apply.
Name JAMS as Your Dispute Resolution Provider
If you wish to name JAMS as your Dispute Resolution provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, please register using the link below:
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution Registration
Customer URL
If you do name JAMS as your Dispute Resolution provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, the URL that you will need to provide in your customer-facing privacy policy/ies through which your customers could find information on how to open an EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or Swiss-U.S. DPF Dispute Resolution case is:
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
File a DPF Dispute Resolution Claim
If you are a consumer and wish to open an EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or a Swiss-U.S. DPF Dispute Resolution case, please file a claim using the link below:
File a Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Claim
Additional Resources
Questions/Contact
If you have any additional questions you may contact our DPF coordinator via email
.
Mara Satterthwaite,
msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
JAMS DPF Dispute Resolution Fee Schedule
PROFESSIONAL FEES
There is no fee associated with listing JAMS as the ADR provider in a self-certification submission under the DPF Program. Fees apply only if a DPF matter is brought to JAMS.
Hourly and daily rates vary depending on neutral. Neutrals are independent contractors and set their own Professional Fees.
In compliance with the EU, UK, and Swiss data protection initiatives, 100% of ADR fees associated with a DPF matter brought by a consumer will be the responsibility of the respondent company; consumers will not be responsible for any portion of these fees.
For non-consumer matters, hearing fees are divided equally among all parties.
Professional Fees include time spent for hearings, pre- and post-hearing reading and research, and award preparation.
MEDIATION FEES
Initial non-refundable fee of $300 per party, applies to first 10 hours of professional time
Time in excess of initial 10 hours is billed at 13% of Professional Fees
The Case Management Fee includes access to an exclusive nationwide panel of judges, attorneys, and other ADR experts, dedicated services including all administration through the duration of the case, document handling, and use of JAMS conference facilities including after hours and on-site business support. Weekends and holidays are subject to additional charges.
Click here for a PDF of this fee schedule
JAMS agreement to render services is with the attorney, the party, and/or other representatives of the party.
www.jamsadr.com • Updated 08/30/2023
Contact Information
msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
Mara E. Satterthwaite, Esq.
7160 Rafael Rivera Way Suite #400 Las Vegas, NV 89113
Scroll to top
Scroll to top
JAMS uses cookies to give users like yourself the best possible content and experience while visiting our website.  By choosing "Accept and close", you agree to the use of all cookies on our website.  To learn more about how JAMS protects your personal information, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.  Please note, by blocking certain types of cookies, you may impact your experience of the site.
You are able to manage your personal cookie preferences at any time by visiting our
Cookie Consent Tool
.
Decline
Accept and Close
Options
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;