Privacy Policy
Arboleaf Corporation (“arboleaf.com”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) provides users with information, services, and tools through the arboleaf.com website, the arboleaf.com mobile applications (“Apps”), the arboleaf.com smart scale application programming interface (“API”), and other websites, apps, and online services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”). Arboleaf is committed to protecting your privacy. We do not sell your personal data.
This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies with respect to how we collect, use, and share information through the Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference in the arboleaf.com End User Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Services.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, as defined below, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data through the Services, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to our offices and servers, or those of our 3rd party contractors. If you would like us to cease using your Personal Data, you may delete your account by following the instructions provided in the “Data Retention and Deletion” section below or exercise the choices described in the “Your Choices and Access to Information” section below.
Information We Collect
When you register for warranty on our website, place an order, respond to a survey and fill out a form, we may collect personal data and other information in connection with the Services, including but not limited to, your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number.
When you create an Arboleaf account, you provide your email and password, your certain personal profile information including your name, gender, birthdate and height. The profile data are necessary factors for determining your bio-metrics data. Your Arboleaf account allows you to access your measurement data through the Arboleaf mobile apps.
When you use Arboleaf mobile apps, your measurement data (weight, BMI, body fat % and other body mass information), measurement mode, measurement and update time, measurement device ID, etc., are collected and stored in your account or retrieved from your account.
When you choose to share your Arboleaf data with other applications (i.e. Fitbit, Google Fit, Apple Health and Health Connect), we exchange data with them, respectively, via API (Application Programming Interface).
When you contact our customer support, some of your personal data and measurement data under your Arboleaf account are available to our support teams.
Our Use and Disclosure of Personal Data and Other Information
Arboleaf is committed to protecting your privacy. We make every effort to ensure the security of your personal data to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. In order to guarantee our high quality of services, we may use or disclose some data in the following circumstances:
To track your wellness information, manage your goals and achievements, evaluate your progress, and set challenges.
To improve our products and services, customers support, sales, and marketing. We or our 3rd party partners may use your anonymous personal data.
To provide the services, create and manage user accounts, process payments and orders, respond to your questions and requests, resolve complaints, and otherwise complete a transaction that you initiate or fulfill the terms of any agreement you have with us.
To communicate with you through emails and notices posted via the Services. These communications may include welcome emails that help inform you about various features of the Services.
To create a custom experience for our users and tailor our products and Services to your interests and preferences. Your personal data may be used to offer surveys, discount coupons or events in which you are free to participate.
To enable social-sharing functionality, to find your friends on the Services, and to provide other features that allow you to communicate and interact with other users of the Services or users of third-party services that you connect to your account (such as Facebook or Twitter).
To operate our business, prevent fraud, analyze the use of our Services, improve the content and functionality of the Services, and better understand our users.
To comply with legal or regulatory requirements. We may be compelled by the law to disclose your personal data to some authorities.
Your Choices and Access to Information
We provide users with a variety of choices regarding how we or third parties collect, use, and share information, including as follows:
You can update or change certain information associated with your account through the Settings page within our Apps or by logging into your account on www.arboleaf.com.
Users may have additional rights to access, review, correct, delete, or inquire about information that we hold about them. To make such a request, please send us an email at info@arboleaf.com. Please note that we may need to verify your identity or request additional information from you before we are able to comply with your request.
Data Retention and Deletion
We retain information for as long as reasonably necessary to deliver our Services to you or to fulfill the purposes described in this Policy. For example, we may retain your profile information and information about your weight and body compositions during a certain period for as long as you maintain your arboleaf.com account. This provides you with the ability to review your activities over time, track your progress toward personal goals and challenges, and remember your past achievements and milestones (for example, your weight loss goals or other personal achievements).
Because our users may take extended breaks from using scales and may use our Apps on various devices, we do not delete information automatically based on account inactivity or when you uninstall our Apps from one of your devices. However, we provide you with the ability to delete information associated with your account, as follows:
You may remove a specific activity from your account on a specific date and time.
You may delete your arboleaf.com account and information associated with your account.
If you choose to delete your arboleaf.com account, we will make our best effort to delete all information associated with your account, including your profile information, historical data, and third-party authorizations for services connected to your account.
Subscriptions
In order to use certain features of Arboleaf, you may be required to pay a subscription fee. You will be required to prepay the subscription fee and any necessary taxes, if the rate changes, which will be effective at the beginning of the next billing date. Arboleaf reserves the right to increase subscription fees, applicable taxes, or add new charges upon reasonable advance notice.
Automatic Renewal
Subscription fees will be automatically billed at the beginning of each month, year, or specified period, as applicable. These fees will automatically renew until your subscription is downgraded or terminated.
Cancellation of Subscription
You may cancel your subscription through the corresponding store. Cancellation of subscription will be effective at the end of the current billing period. When your subscription terminates, your account will remain and become a free subscription account. You can renew your subscription at any time without opening a new account, but the subscription fee may increase. You can delete your account at any time.
Security
We implement reasonable administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email or the Internet.
Data Integrity
We process Personal Data for our legitimate business purposes and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their Personal Data whenever necessary.
Wellness Information
We may infer a user’s potential interest in certain non-sensitive wellness categories, such as exercise and fitness activities, diet and weight loss. We may use this non-sensitive wellness information for the purpose of delivering more relevant content, services, offers, and advertising to our users.
Children
We do not collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 and do not target our Services to children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services.
Links to Other Websites or Services
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Services. The Services may contain references or links to other websites or services not operated or controlled by us (the “Third Party Services”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Services. The links from the Services do not imply our review or endorsement of the Third Party Services. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Our Services may change from time to time. As a result, we may need to change this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. We will post any revised Privacy Policy on our website with an “effective date” indicating when the changes will take effect. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. Your continued use of the Services after a revised Privacy Policy becomes effective shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
CHOICE/OPT OUT
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. You have the following options for reviewing or removing your information from our database to no longer receive communication from us. If you request your account information be deleted from our database, we may maintain information about individual sales transactions for recordkeeping and servicing.
You can select to "opt out" or "unsubscribe" from our communications on the website or in our newsletter emails. Unsubscribing will stop you from receiving all types of communication except for emails on orders and transactions you place with Arboleaf.
You can send e-mail to
info@arboleaf.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Arboleaf Corporation
5465 Legacy Drive, Suite 650
Plano, TX 75024
Please note that due to e-mail production schedules, you may receive an e-mail message from us after you have provided your opt-out notice.
QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If you have questions about our Website or our privacy policy, please feel free to contact
support@arboleaf.com.