CoinGecko Web Site Privacy Policy
Latest Version: 24 May 2024
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets out the terms and conditions under which Gecko Labs Pte. Ltd. (“Company”,
        “CoinGecko”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) collects information via our website
www.coingecko.com
(“Website”), our associated mobile application and other applications made available by our Company (collectively
        Through our Website and App (collectively, “Site”), CoinGecko provides information on cryptocurrency, utility tokens,
        digital coins/currency, initial coin offerings that do not amount to an offering of securities or securities-tokens
        (“ICO”) and other digital currency related information, as well as APIs (including but not limited to the CoinGecko
        API), widgets, plugins, extensions, patches, decentralized token swaps, coin purchases, listing of coins, ICO, new
        exchange listing, and/or events listing (“Activity Post”), features for online subscription, registration of account,
        registration of interest for any of our services or events, our messaging services, update functions, loyalty rewards
        program (currently known as “CoinGecko Candy” but which may be amended from time to time in our Company’s sole discretion),
        and/or any other services and products provided by our Company whether by itself or in conjunction with other third
        parties (individually and collectively, our “Site Services”). As such, this Privacy Policy applies to any person
        (hereinafter referred to as “you” or “user”) who accesses, reads, participates in, or uses our Website, App and
        APIs (including any variations, updates, support patches or successors), forums, blogs, any of our Site Services,
        and/or any charts, rankings, pricing, trading volume, articles, news, press release, analysis, reports, information,
        write-ups, photographs, pictures, profiles, testimonials, tips, advertisements, media files and other content on
        our Website, our App, and our Site Services (collectively, “Site Content”), as well as to any person who receives
        our news updates, news summaries, press release updates, reports, analysis, newsletters, EDMs, marketing materials,
        promotional updates, support patches, technical updates, new version releases (whether for our APIs or App), messages
        (via any channels), or other emails (collectively, “Updates”). “Site Content” and “Updates” collectively shall be
        referred to as “Content”. For the avoidance of doubt, all Content and Site Services pertain only to cryptocurrency,
        and not any products or instruments that can be classified as “securities” thereunder the Securities and Futures
        Act (Cap. 289).
In order to serve you better and provide you with the information of interest to you, listing of your Activity Post,
        functionalities such as decentralized token swaps, appropriate customer service or product requested for, we require
        information from you, some of which may be considered as Personal Data (defined in Clause 1.2 below). We understand
        the importance of the privacy and security of your information, and we have therefore set out in detail below how we
        collect and use your information. Kindly review the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy as follows so that
        you may be reassured that we take data protection seriously:-
Please note that your access to and use of our Site is subject to our
Website Terms of Use
(“Website Terms of Use”), the terms and conditions as set out herein this Privacy Policy, and any other terms
            of service (including rules and guidelines) that may be applicable to your use of our Content, Website, Updates
            and/or Site Services (such as the
Listing T&Cs
should you have an Activity Posted listed on our Website, and the
API Terms of Service
should you use our CoinGecko API) (all such terms, conditions, rules and guidelines shall hereinafter be collectively
            referred to as the “Agreement”). Accordingly, by accessing our Website or any of our Content, using any of our
            Site Services, or otherwise howsoever providing us with your Personal Data, you are agreeing to our collection
            of your information pursuant to this Privacy Policy. Should you disagree with any clause in the Agreement, please
            immediately cease your access to, participation in, and use of our Website, our App, our Content and our Site Services.
In order to maximise your utility of our Website, our Content, our Site Services, App, our products, our other
            services, and respective content thereto, request information from us (whether online or offline, via App, the
            telephone, exhibitions, road shows or other events), use our CoinGecko API, list your Activity Post on our Website,
            take-part in our promotions (online or offline), subscribe and/or receive our Updates, and other related matters,
            your Personal Data (as defined in clause 1.2 below) has to be provided to us, and we will need to keep and use
            your Personal Data in order to fulfil the purpose for which you have contacted us, subscribed to our Updates
            and/or other services.
For expediency and for compliance with any changes in the law, we reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy
        in our sole discretion at any time (without prior notice to you where such amendments are immaterial and/or not
        required by applicable law), and you agree that your continued access to and/or use of our Website, App, our Site
        Services (including but not limited to our CoinGecko API), and/or other associated platforms, your continued desire
        to view our Content, receive our Updates, check for our news, cryptocurrency trading-related information and articles
        online or offline, keep in contact with us via email, and/or take-part in our promotions (whether notified to you
        or made available online or offline, via email, telephone, road shows or other events) constitutes your unconditional
        acceptance of our amended Privacy Policy, the date of the latest version that is in force being indicated by the
        “Latest Version” date shown at the start of the Privacy Policy. You agree that it is your sole responsibility to
        keep yourself updated of any amendments by reviewing this
Privacy Policy
at our Website regularly. Nonetheless, for material amendments or where advance notice is required by law, we will
        notify you before such amendments to this Privacy Policy take effect.
Types of Data Collected
When you visit, access or use our Website, App, Content, Site Services, and/or associated platforms, request
            for any Activity Post, register for any account, sign-up for any of our Updates, enter into a subscription,
            email us, call us, or take part in our promotions (offline or online), we collect Personal Data and Anonymised
            Data.
“Personal Data” refers to information, whether true or otherwise, with personal identifiers that can be used
            separately or collectively with other available (or accessible) information to identify an individual, such
            as name, address, NRIC number, mobile number, email address, birthdate, gender, income range, residency status,
            bank account details, and credit card details.
“Anonymised Data” refers to information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data
            and cannot be used to identify individual persons.
Collection of Anonymised Data
When you access our Website, Site Services, Content, App, and/or any of our online advertisements and banners,
            we collect Anonymised Data about you via the application of generally acceptable web technologies including
            but not limited to “web beacons”, “cookies”, “clear GIFs”, “widgets”, “online evaluations”, “surveys”, “HTML5”,
            “dynamic device identifiers”, and third-party web analytics such as “Google analytics” (collectively, “Acceptable
            Technologies”). This automatic collection of non-personal information includes (without limitation) collection
            of your IP Address, the web browser software that you used, the type of smart phone or tablet that you may be using,
            the operating software/platform of your device, your sign-up(s) for any Updates or information via our Website
            and/or Site Services, your general interest as indicated by the banners or advertisements that you click on,
            the specific pages of our Website viewed by you, the specific categories or features in our Website accessed
            by you, the sharing of any information by you via our Website, any third party application used in conjunction
            with our Website or Site Services, your downloading of our App and APIs, and third party websites that you may
            have visited prior to our Website. Our purpose for the aforesaid collection of information is for us to understand
            the preference of our visitors and users so as to enhance and facilitate the ease with which you are able to
            access or use our Website and our Site Services.
As part of the Anonymised Data that we collect, when you access our Website via your mobile device or tablet,
            we will also collect information regarding the type of mobile device or tablet that you are utilising so that
            our Website, App and/or Site Services can provide you with the version of our Website and/or App best suited
            for access on your mobile device or tablet.
If you do not consent to our collection of Anonymised Data, please adjust the settings on your computer, tablet
            and mobile device to block or disable our use of the Acceptable Technologies. In the event that you choose to
            access our Website or our Site Services without blocking or disabling or opting out of the Acceptable Technologies,
            such access by you will constitute your consent to our use of the Acceptable Technologies and our collection
            of information thereto.
To better assist you in understanding the generally Accepted Technologies used in our collection of Anonymised
            Data include:-
“IP Address” refers to a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you access the Internet.
                Under certain circumstances, your IP Address remains the same from browser session to browser session. However,
                in the event that a consumer Internet access provider is utilised, your IP Address will likely vary from
                session to session. We track IP Addresses solely in conjunction with session cookies to analyse the flow
                of webpages on our Website.
“Cookies” refer to small pieces of data that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive or mobile device’s
                internal storage while you are viewing the said website. Our Website utilises both session cookies (they
                expire the moment your Internet browser is closed) and persistent cookies (they will remain in your computer
                until you actively take steps to delete them) so as to provide you with a more personalised and interactive
                experience on our Website. By changing the options on your Internet browser and adjusting the settings in
                your mobile device (subject to your version of operation system and your device’s features), you can control
                whether to accept or decline cookies.
“Clear GIFs” refer to clear electronic images that are used to track your opening of webpages on our Website
                and your pattern of browsing our webpages as well as your access of our Website, for the purpose of allowing
                us to assess the attractiveness of the content on our Website, and the flow of webpages and layouts that
                appeal to you. Clear GIFs are also commonly known as “web beacons” and may be included on our Website, and
                generally works in conjunction with cookies to identify users and user behaviour. Some of our HTML based
                emails also utilise Clear GIFs in order for us to assess what are the emails we sent that have been opened
                and acted upon. Clear GIFs collect only limited data, such as a cookie number, the time and date of when
                a particular webpage, feature or service on our Website is accessed, and a description of the webpage, feature
                or service on our Website in which the clear GIF resides. Such collected Anonymised Data helps us to determine
                the effectiveness of the way our webpages, features and services are arranged on our Website, our modes
                of communications and promotional campaigns.
“Third-party web analytics” refer to services provided by third party service providers for the assessment,
                analysis, measurement and reporting of the behaviour of visitors to a website in order to assess and improve
                the effectiveness of the website. One of the most well-known third-party analytics service is “Google Analytics”.
“HTML5 local storage” refer to caching services utilizing primarily a cache manifest file, which allows
                for storage of your preferences offline which will then be updated and synchronized when you go online.
“Dynamic device identifiers” refer to “identifier for advertisers” or “IFA”, which is a random, anonymous
                number assigned to an end-user of the iPhone or iPad and is temporary, allowing it to be blocked like a cookie.
                When an end-user views an application or browses the internet, the end-user’s presence generates a call
                for an advertisement as the publisher’s site that the end-user is viewing will pass the IFA to the ad server
                and the advertiser is then able to serve the end-user with an advertisement relevant to the topic being viewed.
                IFA can also be used to identify whether the advertisements resulted in end-users downloading applications
                or purchasing products that were advertised. The IFA does not identify the end-user personally, it provides
                an aggregated audience data that advertisers can target with advertisements. IFA can be opted out of via
                the settings in the end-user’s device (by default, the IFA is enabled), subject to the availability of such
                options in the version of your operating system and the features of your device.
In the event that you decide in your sole discretion and risk to use any of the token swap functions made available
            via hyperlinks on our Site, your ETH Address will be exposed. If you do not accept the potential risk, please
            do not use any swap functions or perform any token swaps on our Site. For the avoidance of doubt, “ETH Address”
            refers to the address of your Ethereum wallet.
Your Consent to our Collection, Retention and Use of Personal Data
In order for our Company to provide you with our Site Services (including but not limited to your use of the
            CoinGecko API) as well as information via our Website, App and other channels (such as CoinGecko videos on YouTube)
            regarding our Site Services, Content, App, APIs and other products and services, including but not limited to
            our updating you on the latest cryptocurrency related news and trading data or other information based on your
            request or online subscription with us, enabling you to sign up with us online, submit your form online to list
            your Activity Post, your receiving our Updates based on your indicated preferred channel, and allowing you to
            contact us via our Website, App, email or telephone, you agree and consent to our Company collecting, using and
            retaining your Personal Data as follows:-
When you submit a request for listing of your Activity Post, sign up for our Updates, request for use our
                APIs, download and/or use our App, access our Website for information, register an account with us, subscribe
                to any of our Site Services, or you email or call us with any queries, you will be required to provide us
                with your Personal Data in order for us to register you for the uploading of your Activity Post to our Website,
                grant you permission to use our APIs, add you to our mailing list, enrol you for our Updates, services or
                events that you requested for, grant you permission to access certain restricted portions of our Website,
                to revert to your queries and/or to liaise with you in relation to your requests.
When you download our App, use any of our Site Services (including the CoinGecko API and CoinGecko videos
                on YouTube), access our Website, make any purchases via our Site, engage in token swaps, participate in
                our loyalty rewards program, redeem any loyalty points, register for any programme, webinar, seminar, exhibition
                or other events, apply to upload your Activity Post(s) onto our Website, enrol for any services, loyalty
                programme or Updates, enter into a subscription plan, or participate in promotions (offline and online)
                that we (or our other business partners) provide, we will require your Personal Data in order to keep a
                record of and provide you with the benefits that accompany your registration, usage of our Website, our
                Site Services, our APIs, any events, upload of your Activity Post onto our Website, subscription, service
                engagement, participation in loyalty programme and/or promotional campaigns (whether online or offline).
                Unless you withdraw your registration, subscription or enrolment, cancel your Activity Post listing with
                us, cancel your account with us, terminate any engagement of our Site Services, cancel your subscription
                for updates, withdraw from events that you have signed up for, cancel your access to our Website, cease
                all use of our Site and Site Services, cease all utilization of App and APIs, withdraw from our loyalty
                programme or promotional campaigns, or our relevant promotional campaign ends, we will keep your Personal
                Data for as long as you still use our App, our APIs, access our Website or any of our Content, your Activity
                Post(s) is still listed on our Website, you are still a user of any of our Site Services, a participant
                of any of our events, a subscriber to or recipient of our Updates, our loyalty programme and/or promotional
                campaigns (whichever is the later) so that we can provide you with the relevant benefits. Accordingly, we
                will retain your Personal Data for as long as we are of the reasonable opinion that you may still be interested
                in any of our Site Services, APIs, Content, events, maintaining your Activity Post listing on our Website,
                our new products and/or services so that our Company can be expeditious in the provision of information,
                our services or products whenever you should require information or seek to engage any of our services,
                use any of our products, request a delivery of any of our products or our assistance. In the event that
                you notify us that you wish to terminate all access to our Website, App, Content, Activity Post listing
                and events as well as ceasing all communications to and from our Company and terminating all engagement
                of our services (including all use of our APIs), we will keep your Personal Data only for as long as is
                necessary to fulfil legitimate business, legal, accounting and audit purposes, in relation to the Website
                and our operation of the associated business thereto. Thereafter, we will destroy your Personal Data.
When you click on any of our Company’s Google ads or other internet based advertisements for more information
                regarding our Website, our App, our APIs, our Activity Post listing service, or our other Site Services,
                available Content, Updates, services or products, we collect the Personal Data that you provide in order
                to follow up with you pertaining to your interest in the aforegoing.
In addition, we will retain your Personal Data where necessary and for such duration as may be required in order
            for our Company to comply with applicable laws and regulations, assist in any legal investigations, meet the
            demands from any regulatory or law enforcement bodies, for utilization in legal proceedings, minimizing fraud,
            collection of debts, repayment of loans, resolving disputes, identifying issues, enforcing contractual breaches
            and/or claiming for damages.
Without prejudice to the generality of the abovegoing clauses hereunder this Section 3, specifically, when you
            utilize social login (i.e. using data already held with a Social Media Site (as defined in Clause 12.4 below))
            to register an account with us, to access your account, our Website, App, APIs, other services or products,
            we will generally only collect, retain and use your email address, usually for the purposes of having a unique
            identifier for your account (as each user is only permitted to register one account with us), to allow you to
            secure your account, and for us to communicate with you regarding your account, your use of our services or products,
            and/or any other matters of interest to you that you may have informed us of from time to time.
Disclosure of Personal Data
We may need to disclose your Personal Data to:-
third party service providers in order for us to facilitate your access to and use of our Website, our Site
                Services, our App, our APIs, login to your account registered with us, verify your identity for access
                to your account registered with us, token swap functionalities provided by third parties as made available
                on our Site, download Content, register for our events, list your Activity Post, participate in our promotions,
                participate in our loyalty points program, redeem your loyalty points for rewards, for us to contact you
                as you may have requested via our Website, email or telephone, for us to schedule and send on a regular
                basis to you our Updates, for us to maintain and update your records to ensure that you receive our replies
                to your queries, for us to follow up on any delivery of products or services that you may have requested
                for, and to provide you with any other updates and perks accompanying your registration to list your Activity
                Post, use our APIs, use or attend our events, engagement for our Site Services, participation in any loyalty
                programme and/or promotional campaigns. The aforesaid third party service providers have a contract with
                us to perform the services necessary for you to use our Website, our Site Services, our APIs, list your
                Activity Post, receive Updates and/or our services or products that you might have requested, and such third
                party service providers therefore include but are not limited to webhost companies, website maintenance
                companies, database storage companies, cloud solutions providers, loyalty programme service providers, app
                stores, platform maintenance providers, credit bureaus, payment solutions companies, credit card associations,
                financial institutions, companies that assist to perform mass mailing and/or mass messaging on our behalf,
                courier and logistics companies, etc.;
our third party business partners who are providing discounts, vouchers, redemption items and other privileges
                thereunder our loyalty rewards program/loyalty points scheme;
our book-keepers, accounting firms, audit firms, corporate secretarial firms, law firms and/or other professional
                advisory firms who are maintaining our records in accordance with legal requirements;
governmental, regulatory or law enforcement bodies who have a legal right to demand for your Personal Data;
credit bureaus, credit rating agencies and fraud preventing companies for the purpose of minimizing fraudulent
                activities via your Personal Data; and
our affiliated or related companies and/or third parties to whom we may sell, divest, transfer, assign,
                share or otherwise engage in a transaction that involves, some or all of our Company’s assets (which may
                include your Personal Data), in the course of a corporate divestiture, corporate restructuring, merger,
                acquisition, joint venture, trade sale, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganisation, or any other similar transaction
                or proceeding;
Except as provided above, we do not sell, rent, licence or otherwise disclose your Personal Data to third parties,
            and only our authorised personnel who have signed written obligations of confidentiality are permitted to access
            your securely kept Personal Data in order to provide the services that you are using or have requested for from
            our Company. We are careful in our selection of third party service providers, and all such third party service
            providers are bound by obligations of data protection (pursuant to contracts and/or applicable laws) similar
            to the obligations herein this Privacy Policy. In general, the third party service providers engaged by us will
            only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services
            they provide to us.
Without limiting the generality of the abovegoing, your ETH Address will be exposed when you use any of the
            token swap functions available via hyperlinks on our Site, and some of your Personal Data may also be shared
            with the third party providers of such swap functionalities and protocols pursuant (or in relation) to your
            token swap transaction. Your usage of identity protection technologies (as may be made available by third parties)
            should ideally protect your identity from being disclosed to the public. Nonetheless, please note that the third
            party token swapping and identification protection functionalities made available, hyperlinked to, or referenced
            to on our Site does not constitute CoinGecko’s association with or endorsement of the third party providers
            of such functionalities or vice versa. Accordingly, we cannot provide any guarantees or warranties howsoever
            pertaining to any of the third party token swapping and identification protection functionalities made available,
            hyperlinked, or referenced to on our Site. Your usage of such third party token swapping and identification
            protection functionalities is also governed by the third parties’ respective terms and conditions. For example,
            usage of MetaMask and KyberWidget is governed by their terms and conditions at
https://metamask.io/terms.html
and
https://files.kyber.network/tac.html
respectively. In addition, such third party providers may also collect and use your Personal Data as per their
            respective privacy policies. To illustrate, MetaMask’s collection and use of your Personal Data is as per their
            privacy policy at
https://metamask.io/privacy.html
.
            Please read carefully and consider whether the third party’s terms and conditions are acceptable to you before
            you commence usage of any such third party token swapping and identification protection functionalities as may
            be made available or referenced to on our Site. Should you have any concerns regarding the potential collection,
            exposure, transfer and/or use of your Personal Data by any such aforesaid third party providers, please do not
            use their apps/widgets/plugins/extensions/protocols until you have clarified with the relevant third party provider
            on its privacy policy and terms of use.
Transferring Personal Data out of Singapore
Pursuant to the purposes and activities as set out in sections 3 and 4 above, it may be necessary for us to
            transfer your Personal Data out of Singapore. You hereby agree and consent to the aforesaid transfer, on the
            understanding that the recipients of such Personal Data are also subject to applicable laws or contractual obligations
            similar to the obligations as set out in the Personal Data Protection Act 2012.
Accurate and Complete Personal Data
In order for us to provide you with access to your account, our Website, our App, our APIs, our Site Services,
            our Content, our Updates, and all their respective associated functions, our services and our products, and to
            perform the activities as set out in sections 3, 4 and 5 above, you warrant that the Personal Data that you provide
            to us is accurate, and that all Personal Data as may be relevant for that particular purpose/circumstance has
            been provided. In the event of any changes or updates to your Personal Data, you undertake to promptly inform
            us in writing of such changes, failing which we shall not be responsible for any consequences thereto (including
            but not limited to your non-receipt of communications sent by us, non-completion of any transactions performed
            via our Website, inaccuracy of your listed Activity Post, inability to redeem your loyalty points, and/or your
            inability to access our Website).
Do-Not-Call (“DNC”) Provisions and Registries
We respect your selections in relation to the channels via which you wish to receive our Updates. Therefore,
            if you have registered your telephone and/or fax number with the Do-Not-Call Registries in relation to telephone
            calls, text or fax messages, we will not send you any Updates via the channels that you have opted out of by
            registering with the Do-Not-Call Registries. However, if you have previously consented to our sending you Updates
            via your telephone number (calls or text messages) and/or facsimile number, we will continue doing so until
            you withdraw your consent by contacting our Data Protection Officer at
hello@coingecko.com
.
Deletion of Account and Withdrawal of Consent
Should you wish to delete your account, please click on the “Delete my account” button on the
Login & Security page
after logging into your account. To learn more about deleting your account, please visit this
guide on our support page
.
            Please note that all your saved data will be permanently deleted when you delete your account. As such, deletion
            of your account will constitute your withdrawl of consent to our use, retention, disclosure and transfer of your
            Personal Data. Please see Clause 8.2 below to understand what may ensue pursuant to your withdrawal of consent.
You may at any time withdraw your consent to our use, retention, disclosure or transfer of your Personal Data
            pursuant to this Privacy Policy by emailing our Data Protection Officer at
https://support.coingecko.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
or
hello@coingecko.com
.
            However, please note that any such withdrawal of consent may result in us being unable to continue providing
            our services or fulfilling our contractual obligations with you, including but not limited to termination of
            your access to your account with us, our Website, App, APIs and/or Site Services, inability to access or redeem
            any loyalty points, inability to transact or complete an ongoing transaction started via our Website, our App,
            APIs, cancellation of any engaged services (including but not limited to listing of your Activity Post), scheduled
            Updates’ delivery, purchased products or services, enrolled events, and thereby all deliverables that would have
            been provided thereunder, termination of loyalty programme benefits that would otherwise have been available
            to you, inability to access your status and logs that would be otherwise reflected in your registered account
            with us, cessation of your access to our Website, our App, our APIs, our Site Services and all Content as well
            as other features thereto, inability to provide you with the opportunity to participate in promotions, inability
            to fulfil any request for information or regular Updates that you may have submitted to our Company, inability
            to allow your participating in any requested event or listing, fulfill any purchase orders, and potentially
            inability of third parties to provide you with their services or products as you might have contracted with
            them through our Website or Site Services, regardless of whether you have made payment for such engagements,
            enrolments, services or products. Accordingly, your withdrawal of consent may also lead to the termination of
            any contract(s) that you may have with our Company, as well as termination of any contracts with any third parties
            you may have engaged with through our Website, our Company or Site Services, for which our Company expressly
            reserves its rights and remedies thereto. Our Data Protection Officer will further advise you on the legal consequences
            that may ensue should you contact him to withdraw your consent.
Should you wish to unsubscribe to our email updates, please click the “unsubscribe” option made available in
            our emails to you. Please note however that this may result in our being unable to make available to you updates
            on our products and services, events, our Company, your benefits under our membership programme, and any ongoing
            promotions.
Access and Correction of Personal Data
Should you wish to access, update or make corrections to your Personal Data held with us, or if you wish to
            receive further clarifications on your Personal Data held with us, please email our Data Protection Officer at
https://support.coingecko.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
or
hello@coingecko.com
.
There will be no administrative fees or other charges levied for any request to correct or update your Personal
            Data. However, for all other requests such as accessing your Personal Data held with us, obtaining a record
            of when you accessed our Site or Site Services, the date of your requests for information, etc., a reasonable
            administrative fee may be levied depending on your request as time and resources will be spent in accommodating
            your requests.
Should you have any queries or complaints pertaining to this
Privacy Policy
,
            our
Website Terms of Use
,
            any other specific terms of service of the Agreement, your Personal Data as registered with us, or in relation
            to our Company’s use, retention, disclosure or transfer of your Personal Data, or should you desire to learn
            more about our data protection policies and security measures, please email our Data Protection Officer at
https://support.coingecko.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
or
hello@coingecko.com
.
In the event that you are a citizen or resident of the European Union, please refer to section 14 “Citizens
            of and Residents in Members of the European Union” below for more information.
Minors
Our Website, our Site Services (including our CoinGecko API and other APIs), our App, our Content, our Updates,
            our events, our promotions, our services and products are not meant for persons who may be defined as minors
            under applicable law. As such, if you are below 21, please terminate all access to our Website, our App and
            Site Services immediately, and do not register any account with us. We reserve the right (but not the obligation)
            to demand at any time evidence for our review to verify that you are above 21 years of age. In the event that
            you are under 21 years of age, or we reasonably suspect that you are under 21 years of age and you are unable
            to prove otherwise, all your listed Activity Posts, use of our APIs, account registrations, enrolments, subscriptions
            and purchases with us (if any) shall be immediately terminated and no refunds of any kind shall be provided
            to you.
To clarify, we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors, however, through the internet, we are not
            able to ascertain on our end whether such individuals are minors. It is thus the responsibility of parents or
            guardians to ensure that their minors do not access our Website, use our Site Services (including our CoinGecko
            API), download our App, enrol for any of our events, download or access our related applications, email us,
            or provide us with Personal Data without their parental/guardian’s consent. If a parent or guardian becomes
            aware that his or her minor has accessed our Website, our App or our Site Services or provided us with Personal
            Data without his/her consent, he or she should contact our Data Protection Officer at
hello@coingecko.com
promptly.
Security Measures for Protection of Personal Data
We ensure that our Website is protected by reasonable security measures afforded by current technology, and
            that all our data hosts and servers are similarly protected by such security measures, including but not limited
            to firewalls.
Your Personal Data is kept securely and protected against unauthorized access and disclosure. We utilise security
            means such as (without limitation) password protection, encryption, locked and restricted access. We have strict
            policies in place restricting access to Personal Data to only our authorized personnel on a need-to-know basis.
We will take practical steps to ensure that your Personal Data will not be kept longer than as set out herein
            this Privacy Policy, or for as long as is necessary for fulfilling the purposes for which you have entrusted
            us with your Personal Data, or as may be required for legitimate business or legal purposes, whichever is the
            latest.
Third Party Sites, and Social Network Sites
Our Website, our App, our APIs, our Site Services (including but not limited to widgets and plugins), our Updates,
            our Content, our loyalty program’s redemption items and system, emails and other promotional messages may contain
            hyperlinks to websites operated by third parties. Some of the aforesaid third party links may also be “affiliate
            links”. However, such third party websites are not governed by our Privacy Policy or Website Terms of Use. We
            are not responsible for the privacy policies or data security of such third party websites, even if they are
            affiliate links, co-branded with our Company name or logo, or our Website or Site Services, or promotional messages
            on our Site display products or services that originate from such third parties, or our Site displays products
            or services originating from such third parties as redemption rewards available thereunder our loyalty points
            redemption scheme, or when we allow your utilization of social login to register an account with us, to access
            your account, our Website, App, APIs, other services or products. As such, we urge you to learn about the privacy
            policies of these third party websites before accessing or using them, and to be careful about providing any
            Personal Data to such third party websites. We seek your understanding that we are not liable for any acts or
            omissions or any loss or damage that you may suffer due to your use or access of such third party websites.
For clarification, “affiliate links” refer to third party links on our Site pursuant to which our Company may
            receive compensation from the referenced third party, which may be in the form of tokens, digital currency,
            fiat currency, services or products from such affiliated third parties (which includes without limitation “Binance”,
            and certain operators of Social Media Sites). Such compensation to our Company may be provided to our Company
            even if you do not click on the affiliate links, and/or additional compensation may be provided to our Company
            if you do click on such affiliate links and/or take any further action in relation to such affiliate links (for
            example, signing up on the affiliate’s website or using the affiliate’s application). In the event that you
            take any action such as clicking on an “affiliate link”, and particularly if you take any further steps thereafter
            such as (without limitation) subscribing for the affiliated third party’s services, please be aware that your
            information (including without limitation your Personal Data), may be collected by such affiliated third party.
            Please therefore read the privacy policy of such affiliated third parties carefully before you agree to disclose
            any of your Personal Data to any such affiliated third parties, and you do so at your own risk and discretion.
            Each affiliate link is identified by an affiliate icon
next to it.
Without limiting the generality of Clauses 12.1 and 12.2 above, as our Website incorporates videos and podcasts
            regarding cryptocurrency, utility tokens, digital coins/currency, ICOs that do not amount to an offering of
            securities or securities-tokens, and other related digital currency information, and such videos and podcasts
            (or links to such videos and podcasts) are made available via YouTube, or the use of YouTube API Services (as
            defined in the “YouTube Terms of Service” found at https://www.youtube.com/t/terms), you hereby agree that in
            order for you to access the aforesaid videos and podcasts, you must agree to abide by all provisions therein
            the YouTube Terms of Service as well as the Google Privacy Policy at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy,
            failing which, you are not permitted to access the aforesaid videos and podcasts.
Our Company may utilise reputable social media/network sites such as, but not limited to Facebook, Twitter,
            Instagram, Pinterest and LinkedIn as well as app stores such as Google and Apple platforms (collectively the
            “Social Media Sites”) so as to connect to your social networks, or to allow for your utilization of social login
            to register an account with us, to access your account, our Website, App, APIs, other services or products.
            In order to allow for your utilization of social login to register an account with us, to access your account,
            our Website, App, APIs, other services or products, and/or to generate interest in our Website, our App, our
            APIs and our Site Services, our products and services amongst the contacts in your social networks and to allow
            you to share your interest in our Website, our App, our APIs, our Site Services, our Updates, our Content, our
            events, and/or our other products and services, we may provide access to our Website to the third party Social
            Media Sites, and there may thus be links on our Website to such Social Media Sites. The aforesaid association
            with the Social Media Sites does not constitute any endorsement or recommendation of any of the Social Media
            Sites by our Company nor vice versa. As per clauses 12.1 and 12.2 above, kindly review the terms of use and
            privacy policies of the Social Media Sites before you use or access such Social Media Sites in conjunction with
            our Website, our App or Site Services or any of our promotions and our products or services made available via
            any Social Media Sites.
The association of our Website, our App, APIs, and/or Site Services with the Social Media Sites makes available
            certain features which when used by you, may result in information being made available from your accounts with
            the Social Media Sites to our Company, which in the case of your utilization of social login to register an
            account with us, to access your account, our Website, App, APIs, other services or products tends to be limited
            to the collection, retention and use of your email address. Should you prefer that we do not collect your information
            from the Social Media Sites, please (i) do not use the features or links that associates our Website, our App
            and/or Site Services with the Social Media Sites; and (ii) adjust the settings in your accounts with the Social
            Media Sites to prevent the sharing of your information with our Website and App. Please note that our Company
            cannot control nor is our Company howsoever responsible for the sharing of your information by the Social Media
            Sites with third parties.
One of the features which you may see available on our Website, App and Site Services in association with the
            Social Media Sites, is the “like” feature by Facebook, and other similar functions provided by other Social
            Media Sites. When you “like” our Website, App or any of our Site Services or our other products or services,
            information about our Website or Site Services, our products and services will be made known to your network
            within your Social Media Sites’ accounts via a variety of methods employed by the relevant Social Media Site.
            Your information may also be made known alongside with our services, products or services that you have liked
            pursuant to the methods/channels made available by Social Media Sites in relation to such features. If you are
            not agreeable to the aforegoing, please instruct the relevant Social Media Site or adjust your account settings
            with the Social Media Site. Please note however that we are not obliged to display on our Website or any related
            webpages (whether on Social Media Sites or otherwise) any of your information, including but not limited to
            your photo or name, even if you “like” our Website, our Site Services, our other services or products. In the
            event that any of your information, product or service endorsements (including your liking of our Website, our
            Site Services, any of our Company’s other services or products, or third party services or products featured
            on our Website or Site Services) appear on our Website or any related webpages (whether on Social Media Sites
            or otherwise), we shall have the right in our sole discretion to remove such information or product/service
            endorsements from our Site or any related webpages.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy are governed by the laws of Singapore. In the event of any disputes
            arising from this Privacy Policy and your use of our Website and/or our Services (including but not limited to
            our courses and other educational activities), you must first contact our Data Protection Officer at
https://support.coingecko.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
or
hello@coingecko.com
regarding your concern and use your best endeavours to amicably settle any dispute in good faith. We on our
            part will also use our best endeavours to amicably settle your concerns in good faith. However, if no amicable
            resolution is reached within 30 days, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Singapore.
            If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or your Personal Data, please contact our Data Protection
            Officer at
https://support.coingecko.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
or
hello@coingecko.com
.
Citizens of and Residents in Members of the European Union
This Section 14 of the Privacy Policy is applicable only if you are a citizen of, or resident in, any members
            of the European Union. The clauses hereunder this Section 14 supplements the above provisions of this Privacy
            Policy which will still apply to you.
Our collection, use, processing and retention of Personal Data is as described above. Our legal basis for processing
            of Personal Data is dependent on the context in which the Personal Data was collected, which will therefore
            also determine the type of Personal Data collected. Nonetheless, collection and processing of Personal Data
            is usually only performed where it is necessary for us to provide our services or products to you, and for us
            to comply with applicable legal requirements (as further described in Sections 3, 4 and 5 above), where necessary
            for our legitimate business or legal interests that are not superseded by your rights, and/or where you have
            consented.
In the event that your Personal Data has been collected based on our (or a relevant third party’s) legitimate
            interests, the said legitimate interest is generally for the operation of our Company and the provision of our
            services, managing our relationship with you such as updating your Activity Post listing, account status, communicating
            with you in order to provide you with our services and products (whether developed by our Company or third parties
            as made available via our Site), updates to our Website, App, APIs, Content, Site Services, Activity Post listings,
            activities, events, offers, and other legitimate business interest such as replying to your requests, sending
            you Updates, maintaining your Activity Post, communicating with you on your Activity Post, facilitating your
            participation in our loyalty rewards program, allowing for your redemption of loyalty points, developing our
            Website, our App, our APIs, our Site Services, our other products and our services, offering promotions, publicity,
            or security enhancements, crime prevention and fraud detection. Should we have other legitimate interests, we
            will where appropriate notify you of them clearly at the relevant time.
In the event that you are requested to provide your Personal Data in order to enter into a contract with us,
            or for compliance with a legal obligation, we will make it clear to you at the appropriate juncture and advise
            you accordingly as to whether the provision of your Personal Data is indispensable, together with the possible
            consequences that may ensue should you still choose not to provide your Personal Data under the circumstances.
            To illustrate, in the event that you request for us to send you regular updates on the latest news regarding
            cryptocurrency trading volume, in order for you to receive such updates and fully benefit from and utilize our
            services, your Personal Data would have to be provided to us and processed as per the above provisions of this
            Privacy Policy.
Your Personal Data will be retained and processed securely for as long as there is still ongoing legitimate
            commercial need for such retention and processing. Examples of legitimate commercial needs would be to allow
            you to continue accessing our Website, to maintain your Activity Post listing on our Website, to maintain your
            account, subscription or membership, facilitating your redemption of loyalty points, providing Updates and other
            services to you, investigating and defending any potential legal action or claim against us, and as may be required
            or permitted by applicable laws (including laws pertaining to taxation and keeping of accounting records). As
            soon as there is no more legitimate business or legal needs for us to retain and process your Personal Data,
            your Personal Data will be deleted or anonymised (where possible), and in the event that it is not possible
            (such as storage of Personal Data in backup archives), we will ensure the security of your Personal Data that
            is being stored, segregate it so that no further processing will be carried out using your Personal Data, and
            will delete your Personal Data once possible.
As we are a business based in Singapore, your Personal Data will be transferred to countries that are not members
            of the European Union, including countries such as Singapore which may not mandate the same obligations of data
            protection as the European Union. Nonetheless, please be assured that we adopt appropriate measures to ensure
            that recipients (as described in Section 4 above) of your Personal Data are bound to obligations of protection,
            security and confidentiality similar to the obligations hereunder this Privacy Policy, including but not limited
            to the use of contractual clauses in our contracts/terms and conditions with such recipients.
As a citizen of, or resident in, any members of the European Union, you can exercise your following data protection rights at any time by contacting us via the details provided in Clause 14.8:-
You have the right to request access to, correction of, updating or deleting of your Personal Data held
                with us;
You have the right to object to processing of your Personal Data based on our legitimate interests, and
                also the separate right to object to direct marketing activities and communications from us;
You have the right to request that in certain situations, to restrict processing of your Personal Data;
You have the right to request for your Personal Data in electronic format for portability;
You are entitled at any time to opt-out of e-marketing communications (if you had previously consented to
                them). Please opt out by clicking on the “opt-out” or “unsubscribe” hyperlink in the marketing e-mails that
                you may receive. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as letters via post, SMSes, Whatsapp, or telemarketing),
                please notify us using the contact details as set out in Clause 14.8.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent to our collection and processing of your Personal Data at any
                time. However, there may be consequences (such as your inability to receive Updates that you may have requested
                or paid for) arising from such withdrawal which we will inform you at the appropriate juncture. For the
                avoidance of doubt, your withdrawal of consent will not render our prior processing of your Personal Data
                unlawful, nor will your consent withdrawal impede the processing of your Personal Data performed based on
                lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You may at any time submit a complain to a data protection regulatory authority about our collection and
                use of your Personal Data. Please check with your local data protection regulatory authority for more details
                in submitting such complaints.
We will respond to all requests we receive pertaining to the exercise of an individual’s data protection
                rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
In the event that you become aware of changes or inaccuracies in your Personal Data, please notify us promptly for the updating and correction of our records.
Should you have any queries, concerns or requests pertaining to the legal basis pursuant to which we collect,
            use and process your Personal Data, your Personal Data held with us, this Privacy Policy or any other matters
            related to your privacy associated with our Company and our services, please contact our Data Protection Officer
            at:-
101 Upper Cross Street,
#05-16 People’s Park Centre,
Singapore 058357.
https://support.coingecko.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
or
hello@coingecko.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://metamask.io/privacy.html:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and marketing.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Cookie Policy
Storage Preferences
Marketing
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Privacy Notice
CONSENSYS SOFTWARE INC. GLOBAL PRIVACY NOTICE
Date of Last Revision: 20 Sep 2024
Effective: 18 June 2024
Consensys Software Inc. is the leading blockchain and web3 software company which provides services to users, creators and developers under brands such as MetaMask, MetaMask Institutional, MetaMask Developer, Infura, Diligence, Linea, Consensys Staking, Teku, Besu and Phosphor.
Consensys Software Inc. (“Consensys,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) knows your personal information is important. As a result, we process your personal information responsibly and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
We appreciate the trust you place in us when you use our products and services, and when you visit our websites,
https://consensys.io/
,
https://metamask.io/
,
https://metamask.io/institutions/
,
https://metamask.io/developer/
,
https://infura.io/
,
https://consensys.io/diligence/
,
https://linea.build/
,
https://consensys.io/staking
,
https://consensys.io/teku
,
https://besu.hyperledger.org
and
https://phosphor.xyz
(“Sites”). This Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) applies to the Sites (including subdomains), applications, products and services (collectively, “Services”) on or in which it is posted, linked, or referenced.
This Privacy Notice describes how we process the personal information collected when you access the Services. When you leave the Services, this Privacy Notice no longer applies. Any subsequent website, application, or service you access is subject to its own terms of service and privacy notice (if any) and not this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, including how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. In this Privacy Notice “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural living individual.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice or any
part thereof, you should not access or use any part of the Services. If you change your mind in the future,
you must stop using the Services. You may exercise your rights in relation to your Personal Information
as set out in this Privacy Notice and you may contact us at any time regarding those rights using the
methods described in the “Contact Us” section below.
MetaMask privacy tl;dr
MetaMask users - what does this mean for you?
We take great care to protect the safety, security and privacy of MetaMask users, and to give users the ability to control and configure their wallet to meet their personal needs. We provide a detailed overview of the settings that we allow users to configure based on their individual experience and privacy preferences. This overview can be found at our MetaMask News site (
here
).
We have updated our Privacy Notice to continue providing transparency on our processing activities. In summary, for MetaMask users this means that we:
do not collect your private keys.
do not sell your Personal Information.
do not collect or retain Personal Information unless necessary to provide you the Services and a great user experience (see below for details).
for IP addresses in particular, we may temporarily process your IP address only where required for some of our Services (depending on your MetaMask settings) to provide the best possible experience for MetaMask users. This includes, for example, the prevention of DDoS attacks (see below for more details).
do not collect financial payment or banking information, however, when you use our on- or off-ramp features these services may necessitate you submitting this information to third-party providers.
We may temporarily process IP addresses, only where necessary and to provide the best possible experience for MetaMask users. This includes the following purposes:
for the basic functionality of our Services where you make requests from your device in relation to the Services. This is a necessary feature of offering our Services on the internet;
to run third-party requests through proxy infrastructure, thereby eliminating your individual device details and IP address from the request that is ultimately received by third-parties. For example, instead of MetaMask sending traffic directly from your device to multiple third-party services, we may run the request through a proxy to improve performance and/or privacy for you;
for providing you with the best experience when using the Services (e.g. to measure latency, volume of requests per region and to route your requests to servers close to your region to improve your experience of the Services) or where interactions with Third Party Platforms are required (depending on your MetaMask settings);
where we are required to do so to comply with our legal obligations (e.g. to help us avoid providing services to regions prohibited by sanctions laws); and
to ensure the safety, security and integrity of the Services (e.g. for the prevention of DDoS attacks).
If users wish to further limit the collection of their device and usage information, users could consider the use of virtual private networks, or ‘VPNs’.
We do not collect other Personal Information that we do not need. Personal Information that we may process is set out below at Section 2 (including information that you may provide to us and information that is collected automatically). For MetaMask users, this includes:
Wallet related information, including your wallet address which is temporarily processed as part of API requests (in URL parameters or bodies) when making API calls required to support the user experience. Please note that this applies where you utilise MetaMask’s default settings and configurations, which you may disable or opt-out of at any time.
Your MetaMask preferences and settings, only as necessary to provide the Service. Generally this information is stored locally on your device. To the extent that we process this information to facilitate cross-device functionality, it is encrypted such that it can only be decrypted by you on your device(s).
Feedback and survey responses, where you choose to provide this information.
User event information, where you opt-in to analytics data collection (also known as MetaMetrics), to support continued improvement of the product experience. We store this data pseudonymously and we do not link it to other Personal Information unless you ask us to do so. You may disable this feature at any time.
Marketing related information, where you opt-in to share this information (like information from cookies). This helps us to learn how you interact with our marketing communications and personalize what we share with you, such as latest developments and product features. You may disable this feature at any time.
Device related information, where you opt-in to receive notifications from your MetaMask wallet. For example, if you opt-in and ask us to provide push notifications to your mobile device, we will retain your device identifier to facilitate such notifications for as long as you remain opted-in. You may disable this feature at any time.
Please note that the use of data described above applies when you utilise MetaMask’s default settings and configurations (which you may disable or opt-out of at any time), such as using Infura as the default Remote Procedure Call (RPC) provider. See a detailed overview of the settings that we allow users to configure based on their individual experience and privacy preferences at our MetaMask News site (
here
).
1. Our Relationship With You
Our relationship with you is described in this section. Consensys is the entity that provides the Services and determines the purpose and the means of processing for your Personal Information.
You are subject to the
Terms of Use
of the Services. This means that Consensys is the entity that provides the Services and determines the purpose and the means of processing for your Personal Information, or other similar designation under law.
The Services can be used by organizations or by individual Users. If you’re using the Services on behalf of your organization, your organization owns the associated accounts and may take certain actions in respect to your access or abilities to use the Services.
2. Personal Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information about you as described in this section. In summary, some information you provide to us. We also collect certain information automatically. All information we collect is subject to the use limitations described in section 3.
For example, when you use the Services we must collect certain data for the Services to work. This may include information like your email address which we may require for setting up an account for certain Services (such as MetaMask Institutional, Infura or Diligence) or your IP address (which we have to collect automatically for certain functionality). Please note that when creating a wallet with MetaMask, no email address is required.
When you visit the Services, we collect: (1) technical information that is used to deliver the contents and Services and for other purposes as described below, and (2) information that you provide to us.
Personal Information You Provide to Us
We collect a variety of information that you provide to us. The specific types of information we collect will depend upon your engagement with the Services. Some Personal Information that you provide to us is required for the use of the Services. However other Personal Information is optional.
Account and Profile Information. Certain Services require you to create an account or profile (for example, MetaMask Institutional, Infura and Diligence). If you create an account or profile to use the Services, we collect Personal Information to allow you to use these Services. When you sign up, you may provide us with your name, password, email address, mobile phone number, job title, account history, or other information necessary to create and maintain your account or profile.
Contact Information and Other Information You Choose to Provide to Us. You can provide a variety of information during your interactions with us, such as through emails or other communications. When you contact us via a website contact form, email, or other means, you provide us with Personal Information, such as your name and contact details, and the content of your communications with us.
Support Information. When you request technical support services, we will process your Personal Information such as your name and the contact details you use to contact us, as well as information regarding the reasons for your support request, the support that was provided, and any additional information you may provide in that context. We may also process Personal Information about how you engage with our Services so that we can improve the support services that we provide to users.
Financial Information. If you purchase our Services, you will need to provide payment information. We will use that information solely for the purpose of fulfilling your purchase request.
Other Information. You may provide us with additional information associated with your use of the Services, such as your wallet address. If you decide to use the Services offered, we may collect and store the content and information you create or upload to the Services. Where relevant, this includes information relating to your preferences and settings when using the Services.
This also includes additional information you may choose to provide to us, such as feedback and survey responses.
For certain Services we may require you to provide additional Personal Information in order to verify your identity or to provide the Service. We will inform you if this is the case.
Information Collected Automatically
We may automatically collect certain information due to your use of the Services. We use this information to enable the basic functionality of the Services. We strive where possible to ensure that the collected information is de-identified, aggregated and/or anonymized.
Single Sign-On Through Internet Service Providers. When you decide to use single sign-in servers to connect to our Services, we may collect Personal Information from internet service providers. Your interactions with these tools are governed by the privacy notices of the corresponding platform.
Device and Usage Information. When you access and use the Services, including in limited circumstances when you engage with our relevant support platforms to make a request or where you require support from us, we may receive and store information about your interactions. This may include information such as date/time stamps, usage information and statistics, your internet protocol (IP) address, location (eg, city or state), hardware and software information (including operating system version and type), browser type, device identifiers, device event information, crash data, cookie data, and your interactions with the Services. This information could be used to identify you or your device.
Cookies and Similar Technologies. When you access the Service, we may collect Personal Information via cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies on the Services (collectively referred to as “Cookies”). For more information on our use of Cookies, please read our Cookie Notice
here
.
Location Information. When you use the Services, we may collect general location information (such as general location inferred from an IP address).
Information from Other Sources. We may collect information about you from third parties, such as marketing partners (for example, when you engage with our marketing campaigns) and researchers (for example, when you engage with our user experience research activities). We may combine this information with information we collect from you and use it as described in this Privacy Notice.
3. How We Use the Personal Information We Collect?
Our use of your Personal Information is described below. In summary, we only use your information for the purposes for which it is collected.
We use the Personal Information we receive or collect for the following purposes:
To create your account or profile, if required, for your use of the Services.
To provide our Services, including to allow access to, operate and support our Services. Your Personal Information is required for the basic functionality of the Services, such as addressing and responding to your requests for the Services.
For personalization to customize our Services to meet your specific needs, such as identifying your requests for regionality to improve your experience with the Service, and enabling you to interact with Third Party Platforms (as defined in Section 10).
For product improvement to improve the Services and to develop new products, services, and features.
To communicate with you, by phone, text, email, or chat. This may include contacting you for administrative purposes such as security or support and maintenance advisories, to provide services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions, to contact you regarding issues concerning your use of our Services, including changes to this Privacy Notice, and to otherwise provide customer support.
Subject to any consent requirements, to send marketing materials, alerts about the latest developments and features or other promotional materials, and to develop new promotional materials that can be useful or relevant to you. You will always be provided with an opportunity to opt out of receiving marketing communications. For example, you can opt out by following the instructions located at the bottom of any commercial emails you may receive or by contacting us as described in the “Contact Us” section in this Privacy Notice.
For customer and third-party relationship management including to track emails, phone calls, and other actions you have taken as a prospective customer or our customer or other third-parties.
For aggregation or de-identifying of Personal Information which is a format that does not allow you to be personally identified. We use the resulting information for statistical analysis regarding the use of the Services, such as to better understand our customer base, or for other purposes.
For administrative and legal purposes, such as for compliance purposes. This includes enforcing our
Terms of Use
or enforcing or defending other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency, and to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies as permitted by law, such as preventing the Services to be accessed by individuals in sanctioned territories, or by sanctioned individuals.
For safety, security and integrity focused on investigating in good faith alleged violations of our
Terms of Use
, including unauthorized access and use. In order to protect the Services, and ensure your continued access to the Services, your Personal Information is collected to prevent malicious actors from attacking and disrupting the Services.
PLEASE NOTE: We may use AI enhanced tooling and systems in the course of our day-to-day business. For example, when you engage with our customer support team, our support agents may use AI tooling to summarize content and to respond to your queries as efficiently as possible. Consensys always uses AI tools and systems in a responsible and ethical way.
4. Who We Share Personal Information With
In order to provide the Services, we must share your Personal Information in certain cases. This includes sharing your Personal Information within the Consensys Group, with our Service Providers and the other third parties listed in this section. We do not sell your Personal Information.
We may disclose Personal Information about you under the following circumstances:
Group Entities. We may disclose Personal Information about you to our Consensys affiliates and subsidiaries, if any, for the purpose of providing the Services and conducting business.
Service Providers. We work with third parties for the purpose of providing the Services such as hosting, maintenance, network management, cybersecurity and support. These third parties may have access to or process your Personal Information as part of providing those services to us. For example:
When you use a credit card to pay for our Services, information such as your name, billing address, phone number, email address and credit card information will be submitted to service providers for verification and to manage any recurring payments.
We use cloud service providers who we rely on for data storage, disaster recovery and to perform our obligations to you.
We use service providers of business communication tools.
We use service providers who manage the networks for the operation of the Services and to improve latency for our users.
We use service providers to help us prevent malicious actors from threatening the Services and to comply with legal obligations, such as preventing individuals from sanctioned territories, or sanctioned individuals, from accessing the Services.
Native Integrations. You can use native integrations to share data with other applications. Consensys does not share data from integrated apps with any other services or clients.
Legal. Personal information about you may be disclosed to law enforcement agencies, regulatory bodies, public authorities or pursuant to the exercise of legal proceedings if we are legally required to do so, or if we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or request, to enforce our terms and conditions, to prevent or resolve security or technical issues, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Consensys, our Users, a third party, or the public.
Strategic Business Partners. Where you have provided your consent, we may share your Personal Information with our strategic business partners in limited circumstances, for example for marketing and advertising purposes.
Third Party Platforms (as defined below). Your Personal Information may be disclosed to Third Party Platforms where you have requested to interact with a third-party service or platform. Please see Third Party Links and Websites (Section 10) for more information.
5. Service Providers
We engage Service Providers for the purposes described above in Section 4. These Services Providers include the unaffiliated entities listed
here
.
6. Your Rights
Your rights associated with the Services are described below. Please note these rights may only be available to you in specific regions, countries or states based on where you reside. In certain cases, we may be prevented from allowing you to exercise these rights but we will inform you if that is the case when you seek to exercise the rights.
You have the following rights associated with the processing of your Personal Information:
Right to Access or Right to Know. You have the right to obtain access to the Personal Information we hold about you and to request certain information about our processing. You have the right to receive an explanation of (i) why we process your Personal Information, (ii) the categories of Personal Information we have about you, (iii) who we share your Personal Information with, (iv) how long we store your Personal Information and (v) who we received your Personal Information from if it was not collected from you directly. We will also inform you about your privacy rights. We will notify you where we engage in automated decision making.
Right to Rectification or Correction. You have the right to correct, update or complete any Personal Information we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. Please note that we may rectify or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
Right to Erasure or Deletion. You may request to have your Personal Information anonymized, erased, or deleted, as appropriate. In this case, if there is no overriding legitimate interest or requirement to continue processing your Personal Information, we will erase your data.
Right to Object to Processing. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information where we are relying on a legitimate interest or if we are processing your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes.
Right to Restrict Processing. You have a right in certain circumstances to stop us processing your Personal Information other than for storage purposes.
Right to Portability. You have the right to receive, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, Personal Information that we hold about you, if we process it based on our contract with you, or with your consent, or to request that we transfer such Personal Information to a third party.
Right to Withdraw Consent. You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward. This will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdraw your consent.
Right to Lodge a Complaint. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work, or where you believe an incident took place.
Right Against Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights.
Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising, Sale or Sharing. You can ask us to stop using your Personal Information for targeted advertising when required by law.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us as set out in the “Contact Us” section below.
Please note that, prior to any response to the exercise of such rights, we may require you to verify your identity. In addition, we may have valid legal reasons to refuse your request and will inform you if that is the case. Note that applicable laws contain certain exceptions and limitations to each of these rights. Subject to certain restrictions, you can ask an agent to exercise your rights for you. If you have an agent exercising your rights, that person must provide to us your written authorization allowing them to make such a request on your behalf. We reserve the right to deny the agent’s request if we are not reasonably able to confirm proper authorization and/or verify your identity as the requestor.
To appeal any refusal by us to act on a data subject rights request contact us by email at:
privacy-requests@consensys.net
.
7. Retention of Information
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, to make the Services available to you, or as instructed by you, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We may also keep your data for as long as it is needed in relation to a legal claim, complaint, litigation or regulatory proceedings.
8. Security and Storage
We implement a variety of security measures that are reasonably designed to protect the safety of your Personal Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction when you enter or submit your Personal Information on the Services. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any information to us via the Internet. IF YOU BELIEVE YOUR PRIVACY HAS BEEN BREACHED THROUGH USE OF THE SERVICES, PLEASE CONTACT US IMMEDIATELY.
For more information about how we secure your Personal Information when using the Services, please see our security page
here
.
When you use the Services, Personal Information about you will be stored in the United States.
9. Data Analytics & Advertising
Data Analytics are required to provide the Services, improve the Services or for marketing purposes. We collect your consent for these activities where required or where we believe it is correct to do so. This includes analytics completed by Consensys and third-party services that we use. We also describe how we advertise on third-party sites based on the analytics described here.
Subject to consent requirements, we may use first-party analytics to provide the Services, including analyzing the performance of the Services for product improvement, or for marketing purposes as described above. We may also use third-party web analytics services on the Services (subject to your consent), such as those of Google Analytics. These third-party services use the sort of technology described in the “Information Collected Automatically” section above to help us analyze how Users use the Services (such as our websites), including by noting a third-party website from which you arrive. The information collected by the technology will be disclosed to or collected directly by these third parties, who use the information to evaluate your use of the Services. We also use Google Analytics for certain purposes related to advertising, as described above. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the
Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on
.
Advertising. Subject to your consent, third-party services, which may include Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Hubspot, LivePerson, Segment or LinkedIn, may use cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on the Services (such as our websites) to provide you advertising based upon your interests. This means these third-party services may show our ads on sites across the Internet based upon your previous visits to the Services. Together with these third-party services, we may use these cookies and web beacons to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to your visits to the Services.
The use of tracking technologies by third-parties, technology partners or other third-party assets (such as social media links) on the site is not covered by this Privacy Notice. We do not have access or control over these technologies.
If you would like to learn more or opt out of receiving online display advertising tailored to your interests, please visit the Networking Advertising Initiative at:
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
or the Digital Advertising Alliance at:
http://aboutads.info/choices
.
10. Third Party Links and Websites
The Services enable you to interact with certain third-party services, decentralized applications, and third-party platforms (collectively "Third Party Platforms"). However, this Privacy Notice does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of any third parties, including but not limited to those that operate websites to which the Services links. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply that we or our affiliates endorse the practices of the linked website. Your use of such Third Party Platforms and those Third Party Platforms' use of your Personal Information is subject to their respective terms of use and privacy notice (if any) and is not subject to this privacy notice.
Where you have sought to interact with a Third Party Platform through the Services and to share Personal Information as required for such interaction, we will seek, where permitted and where possible, to limit the Personal Information shared through the use of proxies.
11. Co-Branded Websites
If our website links to other websites that include our branding, this Privacy Notice does not apply to those other websites. Visitors to those websites are advised to carefully read the notices on those individual websites.
12. Eligibility
If you are under the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, you may use the Services only with the consent of or under the supervision of your parent or legal guardian. Consistent with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), if we learn that we have received any information directly from a child under age 13 without first receiving his or her parent’s verified consent, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child (or his or her parent or legal guardian) to inform the child that he or she cannot use the Sites and subsequently we will delete that information.
13. Change of Ownership
In the event of a change in ownership, or a merger with, acquisition by, or transfer or sale of all or a portion of our assets to another entity, we reserve the right to transfer all your Personal Information to that entity. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of a transfer to an unaffiliated third party (by a posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us, as chosen by us at our discretion).
14. Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at any time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection, use or sharing practices or advances in technology. We will make the revised Privacy Notice accessible throughout the Services. You should review this Privacy Notice periodically. The “Date of Last Revision" included at the beginning of this privacy notice will indicate when it was last updated.
By continuing to access or use the Services, you are confirming you have read and understand the latest version of this Privacy Notice.
15. Complaints
If you wish to lodge a complaint about how we process your Personal Information, please contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section below. We will endeavor to respond to your complaint as soon as possible. You may also lodge a claim with the applicable supervisory authority.
16. Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, our privacy practices, or if you would like to exercise your rights with respect to your Personal Information, please contact us using this
form
.
Alternatively, you can write to us at: 5049 Edwards Ranch Rd, Fort Worth, TX 76109, United States.
Supplemental Privacy Notice
(EU, Turkey, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom (EEA+))
Effective: 18 June 2024
This Supplemental Privacy Notice applies to you only if you are a natural living person and you are located in the European Union, a European Free Trade Association country, Turkey, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“EEA+”). If you are located in the EEA+ and engage with the Services, Consensys is the data controller with regard to the provision of the Services. This Supplemental Privacy Notice is incorporated into and forms part of the Consensys Global Privacy Notice.
This Supplemental Privacy Notice provides supplemental notices that are unique to the EEA+ region.
1. Legal Bases for the Processing of Personal Information
In accordance with our legal requirements in this region, we are required to identify and inform you of the legal basis that we use for the processing of your Personal Information. In this section we provide you with information about the legal bases we rely on when processing your Personal Information.
If you are located in EEA+ our legal basis for processing your Personal Information is described in this section. Please note that more than one legal basis may exist for the processing of your Personal Information:
Consent. This is the case where you have consented to the use of your Personal Information.
Contract.
The performance of the contract is used as the legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information for the purpose of providing the Services to you. For example, we need your Personal Information to provide you with our Services, to perform our obligations associated with our contract with you, such as to create and secure your account, to respond to your inquiries or to take steps that you request prior to signing up for the Services.
Legitimate Interest.
We have a legitimate business interest in processing your Personal Information to provide the Services to our Customers. We only rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis when the legitimate interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms associated with privacy and data protection on balance. We ensure we comply with any requests you make to exercise your associated rights.
The processing of your Personal Information where legitimate interests are used as the legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information may include the following purposes: to communicate with you, to optimize our Services, for compliance, fraud and safety purposes and to provide the Services.
Legal Obligation.
We may have a legal obligation to process your Personal Information, for example to comply with tax and accounting obligations (which may include anti-money laundering (AML) laws and know-your-customer (KYC) requirements). We may process your Personal Information when necessary to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
2. Data Protection Officer
The Consensys Software, Inc. Data Protection Officer can be reached at:
dpo@consensys.net
.
3. International Data Transfers
As part of a global business, we need to transfer your Personal Information outside of the EEA +.In this section we describe how we ensure the protection of your Personal information, through the use of safeguards, when we transfer your Personal Information outside the EEA+.
If you provide us with your Personal Information when using the Services from the EEA, Turkey, Switzerland or the UK or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing.
When we transfer your Personal Information internationally, we ensure that relevant safeguards are in place to afford adequate protection for your Personal Information and we will comply with applicable data protection laws, by relying on an EU Commission adequacy decision, or the current standard contractual protections for the transfer of your Personal Information or a derogation if one is available.
Please contact us using the methods described at Section 16 of the Global Privacy Notice if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of EEA+.
4. Complaints
You have the right to contact the appropriate supervisory authority at any time to lodge a complaint regarding the processing of your data. The list of EU supervisory authorities is located here. All other supervisory authorities can be located via a search for their website homepage.
Supplemental Privacy Notice to Residents in States with Privacy-related Consumer Protection Laws
Effective: 18 June 2024
This Supplemental Privacy Notice applies to you only if you are a natural person and you are a resident of any state in the United States with a privacy-related Consumer Protection Law. This Supplemental Privacy Notice is incorporated into and forms part of the Consensys
Global Privacy Notice
.
Please note that the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized.
This Supplemental Privacy Notice provides supplemental notices that are unique to the US states referenced above.
1. Categories of Personal Information We Collect, and How We Use and Share that Information
The Personal Information we may collect, use and share over the next 12 months is set out above in the
Global Privacy Notice
. Specifically:
Personal Information we collect is set out at Section 2 of the Global Privacy Notice.
How we use Personal Information we collect is set out at Section 3 of the Global Privacy Notice.
Who we share Personal Information with is set out at Section 4 of the Global Privacy Notice.
2. Manage Cookies
Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) is a setting you can enable in your web browser to communicate your privacy preference for not having certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites. For all the details, including how to turn on GPC, visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
.
3. Sharing of Personal Information
In the last 12 months, we have allowed third party ad providers to collect Personal Information from visitors to certain Services (for example, our websites) for the purposes of advertising and analytics. This practice may constitute the “sharing” (which is a term used to address the sharing of information for advertising purposes) of Personal Information.
To the extent that our practices constitute the sharing of your Personal Information, you have the right to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information with the third parties in this Privacy Notice by contacting us using the methods described at Section 16 of the
Global Privacy Notice
. You can also opt-out by enabling Global Privacy Control (see Section 2 above).
4. We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information
You have the right to know whether your Personal Information is being sold. We do not sell your Personal Information. Your personal information is “sold” when it is provided to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration for a purpose that is not a “business purpose” as set forth in the CCPA or other U.S. state data privacy laws. Please note a “sale” does not include when we disclose your personal information at your direction, or when otherwise permitted under law.
5. Right to Opt-out of Sharing
We do not sell your Personal Information, so we do not offer an opt out. We may “share” personal information with third parties for personalized advertising purposes as described above. You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites by contacting us using the methods described at Section 16 of the
Global Privacy Notice
. You can also opt-out by enabling Global Privacy Control (see Section 2 above).
Even if you turn off “sharing,” you may still see personalized ads based on information other companies and ad networks have collected about you, if you have not opted out of sharing with them.
6. Non-Discrimination
U.S. state privacy laws prohibit businesses from discriminating against you for exercising your rights under the law. Discrimination may include denying services, providing a different level or quality of service, or charging different prices. We do not discriminate.