JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Fish & Seafood
Poultry
Mutton
Steaks & Fillet
Ready to Cook
Vegetarian
First name is required!
Last name is required!
First name is not valid!
Last name is not valid!
This is not an email address!
Email address is required!
Email is already registered. Try
Login.
Mobile number is already registered. Try
Login.
This is not a valid mobile number!
Mobile number is required!
Mobile number or email address is required!
Password is required!
Enter a valid password!
Please enter 6 or more characters!
Please enter 16 or less characters!
Passwords are not same!
Mobile/Email or Password is wrong!
Please enter 4 digit OTP
OTP verification failed. Please try again.
Please contact customer care.
Account is inactive. Please contact customer support
Terms and Conditions
FRESHTOHOME FOODS PVT LTD (“FTH”) is the owner of the brand
freshtohome.com
and the  website www.freshtohome.com, the Freshtohome mobile application on iOS and Android devices (together referred as ”Platform”).
Customer Registration and Privacy Policy
The platform provides for registration process to serve its customer better and may now or in the  future collect the following personally identifiable information to serve you better: a) Name including  first and last name; b) email address; c) mobile phone numbers and contact details; d) Postal Pin  code; e) Personal demographic profile like your age, gender, occupation, location, education, address  etc.,
By completing the registration or placing an order, the Customer agrees to receive promotional and  transactional communication, text messages, mobile notifications, phone calls and newsletters. The  Customer can opt out by contacting the customer service at customercare@freshtohome.com. We  will never sell or provide your information to third party companies or outside agencies for  commercial purposes. However, the platform may contain links to other web sites that we do not  directly manage such as Google Analytics used to understand and optimize user’s behavior. FTH shall  not be responsible for the privacy policies of such external web sites.
Who Can Sign Up
Any person can sign up for services provided if he or she is competent to enter a contract. Section 11  of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 specifies that every person is competent to contract provided he or  she has attained the age of 18 years, is of sound mind and not disqualified from contracting by any  other law to which he or she is subject to.
Terms of access to Platform
FTH grants customers limited access rights for personal use on this platform and not to download  (other than page caching) or edit any portion of it.
The access to this platform is for personal use of the Customer and not for any commercial use or to  access its contents to collect and use of product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of  this platform or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. No  portions of this platform may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold or otherwise exploited  for any commercial purpose without express written consent of FTH.
Further no Customer is authorized to frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark,  logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) on the platform without express written consent of FTH.
Any unauthorized use automatically terminates the permission granted by FTH
Pricing
Prices displayed for all the products on www.freshtohome.com exclude GST. The prices of all  products mentioned at the time of ordering will be charged on the date of the delivery except for fresh food products. In case fresh food prices are higher or lower on the date of delivery, additional  charges will be collected or refunded at the time of the delivery of the order.
Delivery and Handling Charges
FTH may impose delivery and handling fees and taxes from time to time.
FTH endeavors to fulfil orders on time, but the actual delivery time may differ from the delivery time  stated at the time of placing the order. Delivery delays will be communicated by FTH.
Order Cancellation
A Customer can opt to cancel order within 1 hour for the order placed either online or by calling our  customer service and receive refund of advance paid if any. This is not applicable for Express delivery  orders since those are processed and shipped immediately. To avoid any damage claims after  delivery, users are recommended to inspect the product seal before accepting the order.
FTH reserves the right to cancel any order at its discretion based on product availability or if it  suspects any fraudulent transaction by a customer or breaches the terms & conditions of using the  platform.
Return & Refunds
FTH believes in Centum Customer satisfaction and "no questions asked return and refund policy" for  issues relating to quality or freshness of its supplies. Customer may request for a refund/replacement  within 24 hours of delivery of the products in case of any quality issues.
The mode of refund shall be as determined by FTH from time to time, such as, credit to Freshcash, or  to the original payment source. However, considering the order value and challenges to refund for  cash on delivery orders in particular, the refunds will be applied to the subsequent purchases or  credited to Customers Freshcash account.
Freshcash
Please visit below links for Freshcash related terms and conditions:
Click here for Delhi, Gurgaon, Ghaziabad, Noida, GrNoida, Faridabad, Ballabhgarh, Manesar, Kolkata, Jaipur, Panchkula, Zirakpur, Mohali, Chandigarh, Lucknow, Rewari, Bhiwadi, Bawal, Neemrana, Kanpur, Ambala, Dehradun, Kurukshetra, Panipat, Karnal, Sonipat
Click here for all other regions
Customer Acceptance
I hereby agree upon:
To pay extra cost claimed by FTH in the case of redelivery due to wrong name or address or  any other wrong information provided while booking order.
To use the platform to transact for lawful purposes in compliance with all applicable laws and  regulation.
To provide authentic and true information in all instances and authorize FTH to validate the  information provided at any point to time and reject registration if any details are found to  be untrue wholly or partly.
To access the services made available on the platform and to purchase the products offered  at my own risk after using best and prudent judgement as a well-informed Customer.
That the delivery address provided is correct and proper in all respects.
That the product descriptions have been carefully checked before placing the order and agree  to be bound by the terms and conditions of sale.
That there may be excess / short quantity when ordering a cut SKU of a particular product.  For example, the Steak version of a particular fish may have some variance in the final weight,  given the fact it is hard to cut a fish in to an exact weight without damaging the shape of the  Steak piece. In such instances, I agree to pay the difference amount at the time of delivery or  adjust excess payment against next order.
Obligations of Visitor / Customer
I hereby unconditionally undertake not to use the Platform for:
Disseminating any objectionable material, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful,  vulgar, obscene, or any unlawful activity.
To transmit material that constitutes a criminal offence or results in civil liability or  otherwise breaches any relevant laws, regulations or code of practice.
To gain unauthorized access to other computer network systems.
Interfere with any other person's right to use or enjoyment of the platform. Breach of applicable laws.
Interfere or disrupt networks or web sites connected to the platform.
Make, transmit or store electronic copies of materials protected by copyright without the  permission of FTH.
To post customer review feedback in violation of this policy or right of any third party,  including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s), and cause  injury to any person or entity.
To post comments containing libelous or otherwise unlawful, threatening, abusive or  obscene material, or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation,  chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam".
Not to use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as  to the origin of any Customer feedback submitted on the Platform.
To be solely responsible for the content of any Customer Feedback made and agree upon to  indemnify FTH for all claims resulting from such Customer Feedback submitted.
Customer Reviews & Feedback
Unsubscribe Process
By taking the steps below, you can choose not to get any marketing or sales messages from us in the  future.
You can unsubscribe by emailing: customercare@freshtohome.com or contact @ 18003133302 or  by writing to Freshtohome Foods Private Limited No. 1, 2nd Floor, Carlton Towers, Old Airport Road,  Bangalore - 560008
Pictures & Colors
FTH has made every effort to display the products and its colors on the platform as accurately as  possible. FTH does not guarantee nor take responsibility for variations in pictorial representations  for fresh foods and color variation due to technical reasons.
Right to Modify Terms & Conditions of Service
FTH reserves unconditional right to modify terms and conditions of transacting business  on Freshtohome platform without any prior notification and consent of customers. When a registered customer accesses Freshtohome platform, he or she is deemed to have accepted  the latest version of the Terms & Conditions on the Site.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All disputes arising out of or in doing business on the platform shall be amicably settled at the first  instance by mutual discussions and negotiations. In the event the dispute is not resolved then the  same may be referred to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and  Conciliation Act, 1996 or any enactment of statutory modification thereof. The arbitration  proceedings shall be in the English language and shall be held in Bangalore. The award of the arbitral  tribunal shall be final and binding upon the parties and no appeal against the same shalt lie to any  court. The courts of competent jurisdiction in Bangalore shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any  dispute, differences or claims arising out of this agreement.
Copyright & Trademark Rights
The Customer acknowledges that access to this platform does not confer and shall not be considered  as conferring upon anyone any license under any of FTH or any third party's intellectual property  rights.
FTH expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all text, programs, products, processes,  technology, content, and other materials, which appear on the Platform.
All rights, including copyright, on this platform is owned by FTH.
Any use of this platform or its contents, including copying or storing it either in whole or part, is  prohibited without the permission of FTH.
The names and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the  trademarks or service marks of FTH.
References on Freshtohome Platform to any names, marks, products, or services of third parties or  hypertext links to third party sites or information provided is solely for customer convenience and  does not in any way constitute or imply FTH endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the  third party, information, product or service.
FTH is not responsible for content of any third-party sites and does not make any representations  regarding the content or accuracy of material on such sites. Customers deciding to link to any such  third-party websites, are doing entirely at their own risk.
All materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, programs, music clips  or downloads, video clips and written and other materials hosted on Freshtohome platform  (collectively, the "Promotional Material") are intended solely for customer convenience. All software used in Freshtohome platform is the property of FTH or its licensees and protected by  copyright laws.
The Contents and software in Freshtohome platform are to be used only as a shopping resource. Any  other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication,  display, of the Contents on this platform is strictly prohibited.
All Contents are copyrights, trademarks, and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled, or  licensed are by FTH and its affiliates and are protected by copyright laws.
The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all Contents on this platform  is the exclusive property of FTH and is also protected by copyright laws.
Objectionable Material
While all IT security measures are taken to ensure wholesome and socially acceptable content are available on Freshtohome platform, notwithstanding the best efforts the customer understands and  accepts the risk that while using this platform or any services provided on the  www.freshtohome.com, one may encounter Content that may be deemed by some to be offensive,  indecent, or objectionable, which Content may or may not be identified as such.
FTH and its affiliates shall have no liability to Customer for Content that may be deemed offensive,  indecent, or objectionable to you.
Indemnity
As a Customer, I hereby agree upon to defend, indemnify and hold harmless FTH, its employees,  directors, officers, agents and their successors and assigns from and against any and all claims,  liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including attorney's fees, caused by or arising out of  claims based upon my actions or inactions, which may result in any loss or liability to FTH or any  third party including but not limited to breach of any warranties, representations or undertakings or  in relation to the non-fulfilment of any obligations under this User Agreement or arising out of  violation of any applicable laws, regulations including but not limited to Intellectual Property Rights,  payment of statutory dues and taxes, claim of libel, defamation, violation of rights of privacy or  publicity, loss of service to other subscribers and infringement of intellectual property or other  rights.
This clause shall survive the expiry or termination of this User Agreement. We may terminate this  User Agreement at any time, without notice or liability to FTH.
Grievances
Details of the Grievance officer is given below;
Mr. Jayesh Jose
Freshtohome Foods Private Limited
No. 1, 2nd Floor, Carlton Towers,
Old Airport Road, Bangalore - 560008
Email: grievance.officer@freshtohome.com
Time: Mon - Fri (09:00 - 18:00)
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Awesome! We deliver in your city
We do not deliver in this location
Continue
India
UAE
India
India
UAE
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.freshtohome.com/privacy-policy:
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Fish & Seafood
Poultry
Mutton
Steaks & Fillet
Ready to Cook
Vegetarian
Awesome! We deliver in your city
We do not deliver in this location
Continue
India
UAE
India
India
UAE
First name is required!
Last name is required!
First name is not valid!
Last name is not valid!
This is not an email address!
Email address is required!
Email is already registered. Try
Login.
Mobile number is already registered. Try
Login.
This is not a valid mobile number!
Mobile number is required!
Mobile number or email address is required!
Password is required!
Enter a valid password!
Please enter 6 or more characters!
Please enter 16 or less characters!
Passwords are not same!
Mobile/Email or Password is wrong!
Please enter 4 digit OTP
OTP verification failed. Please try again.
Please contact customer care.
Account is inactive. Please contact customer support
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how freshtohome.com uses and protects any information
    that you give freshtohome.com when you use this website.
    freshtohome.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
    Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website,
    then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
    freshtohome.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
    You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Consent & terms of this Privacy Policy
By using our platform (website, application or services), you have voluntarily agreed to consent & abide with this privacy policy.  You have the option to disagree to abide by our privacy policy; if you choose disagree, you will not be able to access any portion of our platform or gain access to services provided on this platform.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the
List of cookies we collect
section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service,
    and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we
        think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
        We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website
        according to your interests.
Without identifying you personally we may use your information to provide updates on our service offerings and promotional schemes through third party advertising partners (‘TPAP’).
        Our TPAP may use cookies on our website as well as third party websites and social media platforms to understand customer interests to provide updates on our latest service offerings and promotional schemes that are akin to your interests.
        Our TPAP provide you with complete control over ads experience and you can remove ads shown to you.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,
    we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
    the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.
    Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit
    a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application
    can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about
    your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic
    and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical
    analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful
    and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you,
    other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
    Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting
    to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links
    to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
    Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst
    visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
    You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate
        that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes,
        you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at
        customercare@freshtohome.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission
    or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information
    about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
    A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at
    customercare@freshtohome.com
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete,
    please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address.
    We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
How can a user opt not to disclose information with FTH?
You have the option of not disclosing Your Sensitive Personal Data or Information to Us. You can also ask us to remove your data from our database by sending a mail to us at customercare@freshtohome.com.  In the event that You choose not to disclose Sensitive Personal Information, you may not be able to access multiple areas of the Platform or awail our e-commerce facility / services provided on the Platform.
Marketing & promotional activity
FTH may use your information to provide you with better platform user-experience, send information on products and services which may be of interest to you, send via Short Messaging Services (SMS) marketing promotions, and share such personal information to our business partners on a need-to-know basis to render effective services for better customer experience.
What is NDNC Policy?
By using the Platform, you hereby authorize Us to contact You via email, phone, or SMS (Short Message Service), other applications (android or apple) linked to phone number on the contact details so provided, to furnish You with information about Our Products, Services, product delivery, marketing promotions, & other allied services offered by FTH on its platform. This authorization is licit for the mentioned purposes irrespective of whether You are registered with the NDNC (National Do Not Call) registry.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold FTH harmless from:(i) any actions, claims, demands, suits, damages, losses, penalties, interest and other charges and expenses (including legal fees and other dispute resolution costs) made by any third party due to or arising out of any violation of the terms of this Policy; (ii)any acts or deeds, including for any non-compliance or violation, of any applicable law, rules, regulations on Your part; or (iii) for violations committed by You.
Governing Law & Severability
The invalidity or unenforceability of any part of this Policy shall not prejudice or affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Policy.
    
    This Policy has been prepared under the provisions of the Indian Information Technology Act, 2000 (“IT Act”) and its corresponding rules as enshrined under the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 (“IT Rules”) to monitor information (including sensitive personal data or information) collected, received, possessed, stored, dealt with, or handled by FTH.
Grievances
Should you have any grievances about the processing of your personal information or the privacy policy, you may contact:
Jayesh Jose
Freshtohome Foods Private Limited
No. 1, 2nd Floor,  Carlton Towers,
Old Airport Road, Bangalore - 560008
Phone:
+91 8047188388
Email:
grievance.officer@freshtohome.com
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.