Powered by
Privacy Policy
Last updated in April 2024
This is a summary of the Zed global group’s privacy policy, which may be used to help you navigate our privacy policy and
understand how the Zed global group collects, uses, stores and disposes of your personal information. Please read the
privacy policy in its entirety to understand how we handle your personal information.
Collection of personal information – see section 1 of our privacy policy
If you register to use our Services, we will need to collect certain information about you. We will also process some
information when you use the Services or get in contact with us. If you are a job applicant or contractor, we may also collect
identity information and information about your qualifications, experience and opinions from you and your references. This
may also include a police check.
How we use your personal information – see section 2 of our privacy policy for more info
We use your information for a range of purposes, including to enable you to use the Services and provide you with support
and updates. We also use personal information to assess your job applications, for direct marketing and in consultation
with our business partners.
Storing and sharing your personal information – see section 3 of our privacy policy for more info
Our servers and third party suppliers which store your personal information are located in countries including Australia,
Singapore and Ireland. We may share your personal information with third parties to help us provide the Services including
to third parties located in the USA. When we provide information to a third party, it may only be processed on the terms of
this privacy policy.
Cookies and similar technologies – see section 4 of our privacy policy for more info
We may collect personal information automatically through the use of functional, marketing, advertising and performance
cookies.
Data Retention – see section 7 of our privacy policy for more info
We retain your information while we provide the Services and afterwards in accordance with our retention periods and as
otherwise required by law.
Your rights - see section 8 of our privacy policy for more info
Depending on where you live, you may have particular rights with respect to your information, such as rights of access, to
receive a copy of your data, or to delete your data or restrict or object to our processing of your data
Contacts and complaints – see section 9 of our privacy policy for more info
If you have any questions or concerns about how we handle your personal information or you would like to exercise your
rights in relation to your personal information, you can contact us using the details provided.
Changes to this privacy policy – see section 10 of our privacy policy for more info
If there are any significant changes to this privacy policy, we will update the policy by providing a new version here:
https://zedtechnologies.com.au/docs/privacy_policy
.
Supplementary terms – see the attachment to this privacy policy for more info
If you reside in a particular country, certain terms may apply specifically to you and the processing of your personal
information. Please check this section of the privacy policy for applicable supplementary terms.
In this privacy policy,
Zed
,
us
,
we
or
our
means Zed Technologies Pty Ltd (ACN 145 575 408), Zed Technologies (SG) Pte Ltd
(Registration No. 201608906M) and Zed Technologies international Pty Ltd (ACN 663 567 736) and other members of the
Zed global group. This privacy policy sets out how, when and why we collect, store, use, disclose and otherwise process
personal information, including in connection with our
Services
(being access to and use of our website, software, mobile
applications and related services).
Please read this privacy policy carefully – it is important you understand how we collect and process your
    information and how we control it.
If you do not agree to the processing of your personal information in the way this privacy policy describes, please do not
    provide your information when requested and immediately stop using the Services. By using the Services you are
    accepting our processing of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
Collection of personal information
Information we collect directly from you
Zed collects personal information when you enquire about, register for or use our Services. This includes
                        information such as:
• identification and contact information (e.g. your name, email address, and telephone number);
• your log-in and other account details;
• information that you upload, transmit or share through the Services (including information about your
        health and medical conditions);
• your feedback and information about the support that you need using the Services; and
• information through customer surveys, promotions, competitions and any enquiries.
If you are a job applicant or wish to provide services to Zed, we may collect information such as:
• your name, residential address, postal address, telephone number, email address and banking or payment
                            information;
• your gender and date of birth;
• details about your qualifications, skills, employment history and salary;
• links to your professional profile (e.g. LinkedIn or corporate website);
• your company name, company number, ABN and applicable tax information;
• your citizenship status and/or right to work; and
• information about whether you have a disability or illness that we need to accommodate;
• information that helps us identify your identity such as passport or utilities bills;
• emergency contact details;
• a police check
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain data from you when you use the Services.
This includes your device ID, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, network provider, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, ad data, IP address and standard web
                        log information
We may also collect any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our
    Services or indirectly through your use of our Services or online presence or through other websites or accounts
    from which you permit us to collect information
Information we collect from others
We may collect personal information from third parties in some circumstances, such as:
• if you are using our Services as a patient, we collect diagnostic images and other associated information
    (including health information) from our customers, including your doctor or clinician; and
• if you are a job applicant, we collect information from your references or from publicly available
    sources e.g. data from your LinkedIn profile.
How we use your Personal Information
Below are the purposes for which we collect and use your personal information and the lawful bases:
Purpose
Lawful basis
We use personal information to administer and
improve the Services, including to allow you to
access our software and mobile applications and to
provide you with related services (which might
include technical support).
As part of providing the Services, we enable the
uploading, sharing, receiving, viewing and storing of
diagnostic imaging and other related information
between patients and their doctors or clinicians.
We do this either to perform a contract that we
have with you or otherwise as necessary to comply
with our legal obligations.
This activity is also necessary for our legitimate
interest in running our business and providing you
with the requested products and services and/or
authorised access.
We use personal information to manage our
                            relationship with you before, during and after your
                            use of the Services, as well as to improve the
                            Services and user experience.
For example, we might collect and use personal
                            information to:
• respond to your queries;
• manage concerns raised; and
• conduct surveys, promotions and other activities
                                that you choose to participate in.
This activity is necessary for our legitimate interest
                            in promoting and improving our Services and
                            business.
In some cases, the activity is also necessary to
                            comply with our legal obligations.
We use personal information to conduct direct
marketing, including to inform you of products and
services that may be of interest to you.
This activity is necessary for our legitimate interest
                                in promoting and improving our Services.
Processing of personal information for direct
                                marketing purposes will only be with your consent.
                                In the event that you do not wish to receive such
                                communications, you may opt-out by letting us
                                know via the contact details set out later in this
                                privacy policy or through the opt-out mechanism in
                                the communication.
We use personal information to understand how our
                                Services are used and user preferences, and to
                                improve the user experience.
We do this by conducting certain data analysis and
                                creating aggregate and anonymised data sets.
This activity is necessary for our legitimate interest
                                in running our business and providing you with the
                                requested products and services and/or authorised
                                access.
In some cases, the activity is also necessary to
                                comply with our legal obligations.
We use personal information to verify and confirm
                                who you are, and to secure and enhance the Services
                                and our internal business.
This activity is necessary for our legitimate interest
                                in running our business, to keep the Services and
                                information secure, to prevent fraud and to ensure
                                the security and integrity of our internal business.
In some cases, the activity is also necessary to
                                comply with our legal obligations (particularly as
                                these relate to privacy and data security).
We use personal information to interact with you as
                                part of the job application process.
This activity is necessary for our legitimate interest
                                in running our business, including hiring employees
                                and engaging suitable service providers. It is also
                                necessary for us to comply with our legal
                                obligations.
We use personal information to comply with
                                applicable legislation and other legal and regulatory
                                requirements and requests.
This activity is necessary for us to comply with our
                                legal obligations.
How we store and share your personal information:
Zed may store and disclose personal information to locations outside the country in which you live. If you are
            located in the United Kingdom or European Union, your information may be transferred outside of the
            European Economic Area (
EEA
) to countries that do not have laws equivalent to EEA data protection laws,
            including Australia. We may also engage service providers outside the EEA. When we transfer your personal
            information outside your country of residence, we take steps to ensure that your information is secure.
Our servers for the Services and third party service providers are located in the following jurisdictions:
• Australia;
• Singapore;
• Europe: Ireland,
We may disclose your personal information only where necessary and as follows:
•
Affiliates
: we may share information with our employees and the global Zed group;
•
Service Providers
: we may share your information with our third party service providers who assist us
            in providing our Services or in our business operations, including professional advisors, website
            services or analytics providers and any third party services you connect to our Services;
•
Our Partners
: we may share your information with our sponsors, resellers, or promoters, including in
            connection with any competition we conduct via our Services;
•
Sale or Transfer of Business
: we may share your information with any party to whom our assets or
            business (or any part of them) are transferred;
•
Recruitment or third party agencies
: we may disclose your personal information to recruiters who
            provide your information to us, to third party references you have provided us, and to enable
            verification and background checks for job applicants and service providers;
•
Legal Matters
: we may disclose personal information to government agencies, regulatory bodies and
            law enforcement agencies, as required, authorised or permitted by law; and
•
With your Consent
: we may share your personal information with third parties authorised by you to
            receive information held by us (e.g. doctors and clinicians).
While we take reasonable steps to ensure that third party recipients of your personal information comply with
privacy laws that are similar to those in your jurisdiction, you acknowledge and agree that we cannot control the
actions of third party recipients and so cannot guarantee that they will comply with those privacy laws.
Cookies
We may use 'cookies' on our website that help us track your website usage and remember your preferences.
            We may also use cookies to enable us to collect data that may include personal information. For example,
            where a cookie is linked to your account, it will be considered personal information under applicable privacy
            laws. We will handle any personal information collected by cookies in the same way that we handle all other
            personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
For more information on the functional, marketing, advertising and performance cookies we use, please review
            our cookie policy:
https://zedtechnologies.com.au/docs/cookies
Security
We may hold your personal information in either electronic or hard copy form. We will take reasonable steps to
            protect your personal information from misuse, interference and loss, as well unauthorised access, modification
            or disclosure and we use a number of physical, administrative, personnel and technical measures to protect
            your personal information.
Please understand that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. While we will
            do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the information
            transmitted to our Services; therefore we do not assume any responsibility for any transmission of your
            information which you do at your own risk.
Links
Our Services may contain links to websites, software and applications operated by third parties. Those links are
            provided for convenience and may not remain current or be maintained. We are not responsible for the privacy
            practices of, or any content on, those linked services, and have no control over or rights in those linked services.
            The privacy policies that apply to those other services may differ substantially from this privacy policy and so we
            encourage you to read the terms of those other applicable privacy policies before using any third party services.
Data Retention
Personal information is retained for the following periods, unless otherwise required by law or agreed:
Personal information category
Retention period
Customer account data
AUntil you request erasure of such data. Customer data is deleted
                            within 30 days of a lawful request from you for the erasure of
                            such data.
Diagnostic imaging and other
                            associated patient data
Until you request erasure of such data. Patient data is deleted
                            within 30 days of a lawful request from you for the erasure of
                            such data.
Survey information
Until you request erasure of such data. Survey data is deleted
                            within 30 days of a lawful request from you for the erasure of
                            such data.
Customer support information
Until you request erasure of such data. Support data is deleted
                            within 30 days of a lawful request from you for the erasure of
                            such data.
Employee or service provider data
This activity is necessary for our legitimate interest
                            in promoting and improving our Services.
In accordance with workplace and privacy retention obligations.
Your Rights
Some countries grant specific rights, which are set out in this section. If you are located in the United Kingdom
or European Union, all of the below rights apply to you. If you are located in Australia, only “access” and
“correction” rights apply. If you are located in any other country, the extent to which these rights apply to you
will depend upon the laws of your country. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us
using the contact details set out later in this privacy policy.
Access
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you, and know how we use it, and who we
                    share it with. You can access the personal information you have made available as part of your account by
                    logging into your Services account
Correction
You have the right to correct any of your personal information that we hold that is inaccurate. You can access
                    the personal information we hold about you by logging into your Services account.
Erasure
Where we process your personal information, you can withdraw your consent at any time, exercise your rights
                to object to processing based on legitimate interest, and ask us the source of personal information held and
                whether it came from publicly accessible sources. You can also object to us using your information for direct
                marketing purposes.
Note that exercising your right to be forgotten by requesting a removal of personal data may result in us being
                unable to provide some or all of our Services to you.
Restriction of processing
You have a right to require us to stop processing the personal information we hold about you other than for
                    storage purposes in certain circumstances. Please note, however, that if we stop processing the personal
                    information, we may use it again if there are valid grounds under data protection law for us to do so (e.g. for the defence of legal claims or for another’s protection).
Where we agree to stop processing the personal information, we will try to tell any third party to whom we
                    have disclosed the relevant personal information so that they can stop processing the personal information too.
You may request we stop processing and just store the Personal Information we hold about you where:
• you believe the personal information is not accurate (for the period it takes for us to verify whether it is
                        accurate);
• we wish to erase the personal information as the processing we undertake is unlawful (but you want us to
                        retain the personal information and just store it instead); or
• we wish to erase the personal information as it is no longer necessary for our purposes (but you require it
                        to be stored for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims).
Portability
If you wish for us to transfer your personal information to a third party, please ensure you provide appropriate
                    details of that party. Note that we can only do so where it is technically feasible. We are not responsible for the
                    security of the personal information or its processing once received by the third party
Objection
You may object to our use of your personal information if we use your personal information on the basis of our
                    legitimate interests (such as when we use your personal information for your account security, such as to
                    prevent malicious log-ins). To the extent provided by applicable laws and regulations, you may also withdraw
                    any consent to processing that you previously provided to us.
Contracts and complaints
We welcome questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy.
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal information, then please
            contact us as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with the relevant data
            protection authority where you consider we have infringed data protection laws.
Contact details for customers
Please contact Zed's Data Protection Officer on:
Email:
privacy@zedtechnologies.com.au
Postal Address: Suite 2, Level 9, 150 Lonsdale St, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 3000
Changes
If we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated privacy policy on our website:
https://zedtechnologies.com.au/docs/privacy_policy
. Please check frequently to see if there are any updates or
changes to this privacy policy.
Supplementary Terms: Australia
If you are located in Australia, the following terms apply to you:
Your rights
If you are dissatisfied with our response to your request for access to, or correction of, your personal
information or your privacy complaint, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
by email at
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
or telephone: +61 1300 363 992.
Transacting Anonymously
Where practicable, we will give you the option of not identifying yourself or using a pseudonym when
                interacting with us. You acknowledge that if you don’t provide us personal information, we may be unable to
                provide you with access to certain sections of the Services or effectively respond to your query.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://zedtechnologies.com.au/docs/privacy_policy:
Please enable Javascript in your browser for this site.