About
Community
Advertise
News
Download
About
Community
Advertise
News
Download
IMPORTANT
If you are in the United Kingdom - please see our
UK Terms of Use
If you are in Australia or New Zealand please see our
AU Terms of Use
This is an agreement between you, a community member (“
individuals”
,
“you”
) and  WeAre8, PBC., with registered offices at 224 W 35th St, Ste 500 PMB 195, New York, NY 10001 (
“we”
,
“us”
,
“WeAre8”
) together referred to as "Parties" and individually referred to as "Party" for the use of our WeAre8 mobile application and/or the WeAre8 web application made available via weare8.com and its subdomains from time to time (the “
WeAre8 App
”). We may also sometimes refer to the WeAre8 mobile application/platform as “
8
”.
This agreement includes these terms of use, our privacy policy, the terms of any advertising campaign a Brand (as defined below) submits or modifies, the terms of any competition that we may promote from time to time, and any other terms listed on
https://www.weare8.com/
(our “
Website
”) for access to and use of the WeAre8 App (the “Terms”).
We provide a social media app that inspires you, is good for the planet, free from hate, puts money in your wallet and celebrates the good in life in just 8 minutes a day. How do we do this?
• We moderate all the content to ensure that it is safe for brands and people alike
• We provide you with an option (not an obligation) to watch Paid Brand Videos
• Every time you watch a Paid Brand Video and answer questions – you will get paid and/or a donation to a charity will be made.
This agreement shall remain in force unless terminated by either Party in accordance with these terms of use.
‍
IMPORTANT NOTICE:
‍
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR THE WEARE8 APP.
‍
‍
BY USING OUR WEBSITE AND/OR THE WEARE8 APP:
(A) YOU AGREE AND CONFIRM THAT YOU ARE AGE 13 OR OLDER AND IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF 13 AND 18, YOU HAVE YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN’S PERMISSION TO USE OUR WEBSITE AND THE WEARE8 APP AND YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN AGREES TO THESE TERMS OF USE; AND/OR
(B) IF YOU ARE 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER YOU AGREE YOU HAVE REVIEWED AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR THE WEARE8 APP.
‍
‍
Please be sure to read our
Privacy Policy
to find out how we process your personal data.  We reserve the right to update the Terms and our
Privacy Policy
at any time.
Contact us: You can contact us at
feedback@weare8.com
.
1. WEARE8 DEFINITIONS
“Brands”
means the people or corporate entities who are eligible to send Paid Brand Videos (as defined below) to individuals through the WeAre8 App;
"Content”
means as defined in clause 13.1;
“Donation”
means the funds that will be donated to a charity of the Brand’s choice after completion of the Paid Brand Video (i.e. watching the full length of the video and answering all questions after it).
“Paid Brand Videos”
a video sent to individuals through the WeAre8 App which individuals can then accept and complete on the WeAre8 App and can receive a reward for viewing. Brands have the flexibility in regards to Payment and/or Donation for the completion of the Paid Brand Videos (i.e. watching the full length of the video
and
answering all questions after it);
“Payment”
means the funds that will be deposited to the individual’s WeAre8 wallet 30 days after completion of the Paid Brand Video (i.e. watching the full length of the video and answering all questions after it);
“Payout”
means withdrawal of the fund from your WeAre8 Wallet (this can only be done using your Paypal account (so that we can transfer monetary amounts to you);
"Supported Countries"
means United States, United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand
“us”
means as defined at the top of these terms of use;
“Verified Creator Status”
means as defined in clause 11.1 below;
“we”
means as defined at the top of these terms of use;
“WeAre8”
means as defined at the top of these terms of use;
“Website”
means as defined at the top of these terms of use;
“Work Product”
means as defined in clause 15.4 below;
“you”
means as defined at the top of these terms of use;
“WeAre8 App”
means as defined at the top of these terms of use; and
“8Stage”
means as defined at the top of these terms of use.
2. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT PAID BRAND VIDEOS
2.1 If you would like to receive Paid Brand Videos you need to complete full onboarding so that you become an 8Citizen.
2.2 To become an 8Citizen, you should head to your profile within the WeAre8app which you can download here.
2.3 Once you have become an 8Citizen, we will notify you via in app notifications, push notifications, and/or other means when a new Paid Brand Video is available.
2.4 You can choose to watch each Paid Brand Video and if you choose not to watch a particular Paid Brand Video, you have an option to decline it.
2.5 Brands have full discretion over the targeting for their Paid Brand Videos and they can choose to block their Paid Brand Videos from your profile based on any criteria they choose. They may also withdraw the Paid Brand Video at any time, in their sole discretion.
2.6 If you find the content of the Paid Brand video unsuitable – please feel free to let us know at feedback@weare8.com.
3. YOUR USE OF THE WEARE8 APP
3.1 The WeAre8 App is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that the WeAre8 App, or any content on it, will always be available or be interruption free. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of the WeAre8 App for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
3.2 You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the WeAre8 App through your internet connection are aware of the Terms and other applicable terms and conditions,and that they comply with them.
3.3 Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on the WeAre8 App, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on the WeAre8 App is accurate, complete or up to date.
3.4 Where the WeAre8 App contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
3.5 The WeAre8 App includes information and materials uploaded by other users. The views expressed by other users on the WeAre8 App do not represent our views or values.
3.6 We do not guarantee that the WeAre8 App will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access the WeAre8 App. You should use your own virus protection software.
3.7 Published content may be moderated in our sole discretion from time to time. Posts that are in violation of these Terms will be removed, and violators may lose Verified Creator Status (where relevant) or be removed from the WeAre8 App, in our sole discretion.
3.8 While we try to ensure that all the content you see on our Platform is moderated, we accept no responsibility or liability for any content that you may deem to be unsuitable or inappropriate.
3.9 To enhance your user experience, certain content you view through our platform may be temporarily downloaded and stored on your device. This allows for faster loading times and improved performance. By using our services, you acknowledge and agree to this functionality.
3.10 You are responsible for ensuring that your device has sufficient storage capacity and that this feature does not interfere with your device’s performance. If you do not wish to allow temporary downloads, please discontinue use of the service or check your device settings to manage caching options, where applicable.
4. YOUR ACCOUNT DETAILS
4.1 If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
4.2 We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
4.3 If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at the contact details found above.
5. TRACKING OF DATA AND CONFIDENTIALITY
5.1 You will be given the opportunity to link your social media accounts such as Facebook, Twitter,  YouTube, Instagram and TikTok. If you choose to do this, we may see various information associated with your social accounts on listed networks including but not limited to your profile’s posts, available inventory (meaning the details of the types of content you have posted on social networks) and data related to your profile and your audience, such as your number of followers, the demographics of your audience and the geographic locations of you and your followers, your content views and measures of popularity such as the number of engagements and reposts, as well as the performance of content on listed social networks. We may use this data in anonymised format. For more information on how we process your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy.
5.2 We may track, record and then resell the data listed above in anonymized format (i.e. that is not personal information or personal identifiable information (PII)) including that associated with how you use the WeAre8 App, including the types of Paid Brand Videos you view, accept, complete. Although we won’t map this data to your name or personal information, it will get mapped to your general demographics so we can track how people interact with the content. For more information on how we process your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy.
6. PAYMENTS FOR PAID BRAND VIDEOS
6.1 Payments will reach your WeAre8 wallet within 30 days after completion of the Paid Brand Video (i.e. once you have watched the full length of the video and answered all questions after it). Where this takes longer, we will use reasonable efforts to communicate the issue to you and fix the problem as soon as we can.  This length of time is to allow WeAre8 adequate time to collect payment from Brands.
6.2 Only individuals located in the Supported Countries will be eligible for Paid Brand Videos and/or Payment. The use of a VPN to sign up to the WeAre8 App outside of the Supported Countries will not enable you to receive Paid Brand Videos or Payment.
7. COLLECTING YOUR PAYMENT
7.1 At the present time, you can only receive Payment through your WeAre8 wallet using PayPal. We do not offer alternative payment methods so you must have a PayPal account to receive Payment. The minimum amount that you can request for Payout is communicated during withdrawal.
7.2 At the time of disbursement, PayPal’s fee will be deducted from your pay-out. The PayPal fee can be changed at any time by PayPal without a notice. The PayPal fees for withdrawal are listed in PayPal Payouts section here. Please see PayPal’s terms and conditions for further information. WeAre8 shall not be liable for any changes to your Payment due to changes in PayPal’s fees.
7.3 The first time that you select to “redeem” funds from your WeAre8 account, you will be asked to link the PayPal account that you want to use for collection of the Payment. WeAre8 assumes no liability or responsibility for the services associated with your PayPal account and/or your use of PayPal.  You are subject to their terms of use including, but not limited to, PayPal’s own payment terms such as the length of time taken to credit the funds into your account. Note that PayPal may require the verification of additional account information for the disbursement of certain amounts to maintain compliance with financial regulations and tax reporting.
8. COMPETITIONS
8.1 We may run competitions on the WeAre8 App from time to time. Specific competition terms will be provided on a case by case basis. The general competition terms are provided below, at clause 8.2. If specific competition terms conflict with these terms of use, the specific competition terms will prevail.
8.2 Competition entrants must be 18 years or older. Prizes cannot be exchanged for cash alternative. Entrants must be based in the Supported Countries. For more information on how we process your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy.
9. LIABILITY
9.1 You agree that you will be responsible for your use of the WeAre8 App and you agree to defend and indemnify us and our officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with: (i) these Terms and your access to, use of, or alleged use of the WeAre8 App; (ii) participation in viewing and/or otherwise accessing or using Paid Brand Videos; or (iii) any disputes or issues between you and any Brand in relation to your use of the WeAre8 App and participation in viewing and/or otherwise accessing or using Paid Brand Videos.
9.2We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (and without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to such matter), and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defence of such claim.
9.3 We reserve the right to withhold any Payment and/or suspend your use of the WeAre8 App where you breach these terms of use.
9.4 To the maximum extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or other similar damages, including but not limited to loss of revenues, lost profits, lost data or business interruption or other intangible losses (however such losses are qualified), arising out of or relating in any way to these terms of use, whether based on contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation, restitution or otherwise and whether or not WeAre8 have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
9.5 To the extent not prohibited by law, our total aggregate liability in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation, restitution or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with these Terms shall be limited to the amount of Payment received by you over the six months prior to when the claim arose. Nothing in these Terms shall affect the statutory rights of any consumer or exclude or restrict any liability in any way for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or resulting from gross negligence or wilful misconduct of us.
10. GENERAL
10.1 IF A COURT FINDS PART OF THIS CONTRACT INVALID OR ILLEGAL, THE REST WILL CONTINUE IN FORCE.
Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
10.2 WE MAY TRANSFER THIS AGREEMENT TO SOMEONE ELSE.
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms to another organisation. We will try to let you know if we plan to do this.
10.3 WHO HAS RIGHTS UNDER THIS CONTRACT.
‍
No person other than you and us has a right to enforce these Terms unless WeAre8 willingly transfers its rights and obligations under the terms of use to another party.
10.4 EVEN IF WE DELAY IN ENFORCING THIS CONTRACT, WE CAN STILL ENFORCE IT LATER.
If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these terms of use, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.
10.5 NOTICES.
‍
We may notify you via e-mail or any other contact information you provide to us.
10.6 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.
These terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by laws of the State of New York.  You and we both agree that the courts of New York will have exclusive jurisdiction.
11. VERIFIED CREATOR STATUS
11.1 You may apply to become a verified creator and obtain status as a verified creator (
“Verified Creator Status”
). To obtain Verified Creator Status, all connected social accounts must be public and have 100+ followers, 15 pieces of content (80% original), and be active for over 6 weeks. Accounts that do not meet these requirements will be ineligible to become verified creators on the WeAre8 App.
11.2 We reserve the right to deny Verified Creator Status to any individual whose social accounts may cause a threat to Brands or Citizens, as determined by us in our sole discretion. This includes (but is not limited to) accounts which include any content or materials that:
11.2.1 violate any intellectual property laws;
11.2.2 is defamatory, pornographic, illegal, or offensive in nature;
11.2.3 is used to sell illegal property; or
11.2.4 depicts hatred, violence, cruelty, or anything else that could in our reasonable opinion constitute hate speech, infringe the rights of others, or be otherwise considered illegal, immoral, distressing or offensive (including but not limited to abuse, threats, obscenity, defamation, libel, or otherwise promote illegal activities or conduct) or is in our reasonable opinion inappropriate (including but not limited to nudity, bullying, excessive violence, selling firearms, drugs or excessive alcohol, and vulgar speech (verbal and written)).
11.3 The application process involves connecting your social network accounts and going through both automatic and manual verification process. You will be notified if you are approved. Any content in relation to your social network accounts must comply with the rules and restrictions as set out in clause 13.2 and 13.3 below.
12. MODERATION OF THE WEARE8 APP
12.1. These terms govern the use of our content moderation services across images, text, usernames, and videos. By using our platform, you agree to comply with these guidelines and acknowledge that we aim to create a safe, respectful, and inclusive environment for all users. This section outlines the moderation principles and guidelines that we apply to maintain the integrity of our platform.
12.2. Image Moderation Guidelines: We aim to ensure that image content on our platform adheres to safety standards while respecting the diversity of users.
12.2.1.Prohibited Content:
12.2.1.1 Explicit Content: This includes visible or obstructed genitalia, buttocks, female nipples (excluding through clothing), and sexual activity (excluding kissing).
12.2.1.2 Violence and Weapons: Graphic depictions of real-world violence or weapons are prohibited, though artistic or gaming-related depictions may be evaluated in context.
12.2.1.3 Self-Harm and Gore: Explicit depictions of self-harm or excessive blood and gore are prohibited.
12.2.1.4 Hate Symbols and Extremism: Content containing Nazi symbols, white supremacy symbols, extremist material, or promoting terrorism is prohibited.
12.2.1.5 Animal Cruelty: Any depiction of animal cruelty will be rejected.
12.2.2 Acceptable Content:
12.2.2.1 Content that adheres to appropriate guidelines, including art, history, education, or entertainment, may be allowed depending on context.
12.2.2.2 Brief accidental exposure or non-gratuitous depictions are handled leniently, especially in artistic, cinematic, or educational contexts.
12.3. Text Moderation Guidelines: We strive to foster open discussion while ensuring that comments remain respectful, inclusive, and constructive.
12.3.1 Prohibited Comments:
12.3.1.1 Profanity: Comments that use profanity to insult or attack others will be rejected.
12.3.1.2 Hate Speech: Comments promoting hate speech or discriminating against any group will be rejected.
12.3.1.3 Personal Insults: Attacks against individuals or groups are prohibited.
12.3.2 Acceptable Comments:
12.3.2.1 Profanity used in a positive or constructive manner is allowed.
12.3.2.2 Comments expressing differing opinions, when done respectfully, are welcome.
12.4. First Name Moderation Guidelines: First names are an essential part of a user’s identity. We aim to allow cultural diversity while maintaining respect for all users.
12.4.1 Prohibited Names:
12.4.1.1 First names containing explicit profanity or offensive language.
12.3.1.2 Strings of random characters, symbols, emojis, or numbers that do not resemble real names.
12.4.2 Acceptable Names:
12.4.2.1 Common and traditional first names from various cultures.
12.4.2.2 Unusual names that are legitimate or publicized.
12.4.2.3 Names that may have different meanings in other languages but are not offensive in the user’s context.
12.5 Last Name Moderation Guidelines: Last names are an important part of user identity. We aim to support a respectful platform while accommodating diverse naming practices.
12.5.1 Prohibited Last Names:
12.5.1.1 Names containing explicit profanity or offensive language.
12.5.1.2Strings of random characters, symbols, emojis, or numbers that do not resemble real surnames.
12.5.2 Acceptable Last Names:
12.5.2.1 Common, traditional, and hyphenated last names from a variety of cultures.
12.5.2.2 Surnames that might be misinterpreted in one context but are legitimate in another.
12.6 Username Moderation Guidelines: Usernames are public identifiers and are visible to all users. They play a key role in maintaining a safe and welcoming environment.
12.6.1 Prohibited Usernames:
12.6.1.1 Usernames containing explicit profanity, sexual references, or promoting illegal activities.
12.6.1.2 Usernames that contain hate speech or discriminatory content.
12.6.2 Acceptable Usernames:
12.6.2.1 Usernames related to gaming or internet culture references.
12.6.2.2 Creative usernames that do not violate other guidelines.
12.6.2.3 Usernames with numbers, special characters, or combinations that do not present offensive material.
12.7 Video Moderation Guidelines: We ensure video content is analyzed objectively and in line with our safety standards.
12.7.1 Prohibited Video Content:
12.7.1.1 Explicit Content: This includes visible genitalia, buttocks, female nipples (excluding through clothing), and sexual activity (excluding kissing).
12.7.1.2 Violence and Weapons: Graphic depictions of real-world violence or visible weapons are prohibited.
12.7.1.3 Self-Harm and Gore: Depictions of self-harm or excessive blood and gore are rejected.
12.7.1.4 Extremist Content: Videos promoting terrorism, hate speech, or extremist ideologies will be rejected.
12.7.1.5 Animal Cruelty: Explicit depictions of animal cruelty are not allowed.
12.7.1.6 Drug Use: Videos showing explicit drug use are prohibited.
12.7.2 Acceptable Video Content:
12.7.2.1 Artistic, Cinematic, and Educational Content: Videos within these categories may be evaluated leniently, provided they are non-gratuitous.
12.7.2.2 Contextual Factors: Educational, historical, or documentary content may be allowed if factual and non-exploitative.
12.7.2.3 Accidental Exposure: Brief accidental exposure may be considered differently than intentional violations.
12.8. Moderation Process and Decision Making
12.8.1 Decision Making: Our moderators will review content based on the guidelines above. Content will either be Allowed or Rejected based on the presence of prohibited material and the overall context.
12.8.2 Holistic Evaluation: Moderators will take into account the full context of the content, including its intent, purpose, tone, and setting. Special considerations are given to artistic, educational, and historical content when appropriate.
12.9 Special Considerations
12.9.1 Cultural Sensitivity: Names, images, and content from different cultures and languages will be assessed with respect for their meanings and contexts.
12.9.2 Accidental Exposure: Minor accidental violations (e.g., brief accidental nudity) will be evaluated leniently based on the overall context and intent of the content.
12.9.3 Non-Exploitative Content: Educational, historical, or documentary content is allowed if it is factual, non-exploitative, and serves a legitimate purpose.12.10. Enforcement and Consequences
12.10.1 Violation of Guidelines: Content that violates these guidelines will be rejected. Repeated violations may lead to account suspension or permanent bans, depending on the severity of the infractions.
12.10.2 Appeals: Users may appeal moderation decisions by submitting a formal request through the platform’s support system.
12.11 Updates and Amendments: These Terms of Use may be updated from time to time. Users will be notified of significant changes and are encouraged to review the guidelines regularly to stay informed of any updates.By continuing to use the platform, you agree to adhere to these Terms of Use and the associated moderation guidelines.
12.12 In our sole discretion, select posts from Verified Creators will be approved to appear on the 8Stage. You will receive a notification if your post is selected.
13. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND POLICIES
13.1 We reserve the right to remove any and all content and/or materials you upload onto the WeAre8 App including but not limited to Work Product (as defined at clause 15.4) (“
Content
”), withhold any outstanding Payment and deactivate or blacklist your account if you breach any of these terms of use, including the restrictions set out in this clause 13.
13.2 You agree that you and any Content will fully comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, industry guidelines and 8Stage rules as follows:
13.2.1 We respect and appreciate art in all its forms and its power to elevate humanity.
13.2.2 We created WeAre8 to inspire and mobilize a billion people to take small actions every day to solve the world’s biggest problems, so please use your power to influence others responsibly.
13.2.3 There is no hate on WeAre8. We do not tolerate racist, sexist or abusive content.
13.2.4 Create videos up to 2 minutes. You can direct people out to your other channels or your own websites for longer form videos.
13.2.5 Always tag and honour any collaborators.
13.2.6 Your thoughts, words and actions are powerful. Please be kind and respectful to others. We invite feedback and all your thoughts and ideas - please be open with us and give us time to implement your ideas.
13.3 Your Content must not:
13.3.1 be misleading, inaccurate, incomplete or in violation of any intellectual property laws;
13.3.2 be defamatory, pornographic, illegal, or offensive in nature;
13.3.3 in violation of our privacy policy, including through the use of other people’s names and contact information;
13.3.4 be used to sell illegal property; or
13.3.5 include any content or materials that depicts hatred, violence, cruelty, or anything else that could in our reasonable opinion constitute hate speech, infringe the rights of others, or be otherwise considered illegal, immoral, distressing or offensive (including but not limited to abuse, threats, obscenity, defamation, libel, or otherwise promote illegal activities or conduct).
13.4 You will cooperate with us in removing or modifying any Content that in our opinion breaches these Terms, including that relating to a Brand or its products/services.
13.5 To the extent that you are not in compliance with these Terms (without limiting any remedies that may be available to us and a Brand in law or equity), you will promptly remove and take down any non-compliant Content, and we may report you to the appropriate legal authorities and/or otherwise exclude you from a specific promotion and/or suspend your use of the WeAre8 App.
13.6 We may, in its sole discretion, provide tools and features to reasonably help you to comply with applicable laws from time to time.
13.7 You must not create any fake or duplicate profiles. Only one WeAre8 account per individual and only one social account on each platform can be connected per WeAre8 community member. Any individual with more than one WeAre8 profile will have all active accounts flagged and permanently banned from the WeAre8 App.
13.8 Connected social accounts must be authentic and original. Fake accounts or accounts with content reposted or stolen from other people may be rejected and Payment denied.
13.9 If an image of a child appears in any photos or social posts you upload onto the WeAre8 app, you warrant that you are the legal guardian of the child and have the right to agree to usage rights.
14. PAYMENTS FOR VERIFIED CONTENT CREATORS
14.1 We may pay you for certain Work Product, in our sole discretion from time to time, which may be governed by a separate written agreement between us.
15. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU, BRANDS AND WEARE8:
15.1 You may receive inbound sponsorships from Brands for sponsorship, which you do not have to accept. We do not warrant, promise or guarantee any level of brand sponsorships or pricing. WeAre8 has no control over sponsor activity through the WeAre8 App and we are simply providing individuals the unique opportunity to have access to this advertising market through the WeAre8 App. It is entirely up to you to earn your sponsorships revenue by having great, engaging content, and building your own audience of followers who regularly view your content to demonstrate to Brands that their ads will perform well on your profile.
15.2 Except for the payments described above, we do not take any responsibility for agreements reached between individuals and Brands using our services.
15.3 You are the owner of the Content you create and publish on the WeAre8 App, to the extent it is not Work Product (which is covered by clause 15.4 below) and you grant us, other users, Brands a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free license, with the right to create derivative works, sublicense, use, edit, view, copy, adapt, modify, distribute, license, sell, host, market, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast, access, and otherwise fully exploit such Content that currently exist and/or may be developed in the future.
15.4 In cases where you are getting paid by WeAre8 and/or Brands to create and/or publish content (including publishing on your social media accounts), content that you create shall be considered a “work made for hire” according to copyright law of the country you are in, and such content (“
Work Product
”) and all intellectual property rights in any Work Product shall be owned exclusively by the Brand and/or WeAre8 (as applicable). In the event any portion of the Work Product is not considered “work made for hire” or as otherwise necessary to ensure full ownership of the Work Product by the Brand and/or WeAre8, you hereby assign to the Brand and/or WeAre8 all right, title and interest in and to such Work Product.  You agree to sign any additional documents that may be reasonably necessary to effect such assignment. You also acknowledge that WeAre8 and the Brands can use your Content and include your name, likeness, social media handle, channel/blog name and similar attributes in any manner that we and/or the Brands determine including, but not limited to, use in any media that accepts advertising, promotional content or communications (such as, but not limited to, digital, print, television or radio). We and/or Brands also have full discretion to “boost” your sponsored content on social media platforms (i.e. to make into advertisements and/or increase visibility).
15.5 You agree that you will be responsible for your use of the WeAre8 App and your Content and you agree to defend and indemnify us and our officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with: (i) these terms of use; (ii) your Content and your access to, use of, or alleged use of the WeAre8 App and participation in sponsorships; (iii) any third party intellectual property right infringement claims in relation to your Content; or (iv) any disputes or issues between you and any third party (including but not limited to any user of the WeAre8 App and Brands) in relation to your use of the WeAre8 App and participation in sponsorships. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (and without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to such matter), and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defence of such claim.
Last updated:
November 19, 2024
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
functionality, experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel.  Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept all” button to consent. Use the “Reject all” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.weare8.com/privacy-policy:
About
Community
Advertise
News
Download
About
Community
Advertise
News
Download
If you are under 18 years old, please read our dedicated
Child-Friendly Privacy Notice
before creating an account with us or using our platform.
Introduction
WeAre8, Pbc. and its affiliates, subsidiaries (WeAre8 Media Ltd in UK, WeAre8 Greece Plc in GR, Weare8 Australia Pty Ltd in AU) and related entities (“WeAre8”, “we, “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of the personal data we collect about our B2B clients’ customers and representatives, as well as from your end customers and users of our services (“you/your”).
This privacy notice is applicable on a global scale, including to data subjects located across the world, and was built following the highest data protection standards from the applicable data protection regulations: these Data Protection Laws include the UK General Data Protection Regulation UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”) and / or EU General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR” - EU Regulation 2016/679), the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act) and the Australian Privacy Act 1988 ( (whichever is applicable) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (“DPA 2018”).
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain what personal data we collect about you either when your business become a client, you become a user, use our mobile application, watch our ads and receive remuneration for it, interact with our website, and contact us by telephone, email or other sources. In this privacy notice, we are also explaining what data we collect from our brands. When we do this, we are the Data Controller.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to third party platforms that may be accessible through hyperlinks on the website, or your relationship with the brands we partner with, which have their own privacy statement that we encourage you to review. Linking to a third-party site or partner does not mean that we endorse the site, any products or services described on the site or provided by them, or any other material contained in a third-party site. To the extent any linked platforms you visit are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for the sites’ content, any use of the sites, or the privacy practices of the sites. Please review the privacy statement on those other brands’ platform to see how they handle your information.
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it provides important information about how we handle your personal information and your rights. If you have any questions about any aspect of this privacy notice you can contact us using the information provided below or emailing us at
privacy@weare8.com
.
Personal data we collect
We collect the following information from a variety of sources, including information that you give us directly (for example, when you post information or register on the website or platform), information that we receive from affiliates and other third-party sources (including other website, social media and platform users), information we receive from our business clients through the SAM-I system, and information automatically collected when you visit our platform and navigate through our platform (such as via cookies, pixels or web beacons), information we collect from you through our mobile application, SDK, external social media platforms, in telephone or email communication, in connection with social networking, or at one of our events.
We collect the following information from our website and platform users, and from our brand’s end-customers:
•  First name
‍
•  Last name
‍
• Username
‍
• Email address
‍
• Phone number
‍
• Location (city, state, and zip code, through GPS, cell tower, Bluetooth or WiFi signals) – you may turn this feature off in your phone settings at any time.
• Date of birth
•  Gender
•  Social handles
•  Interests
•  Biography, as disclosed by you
•  Financial payment information, such as PayPal email address and account for payouts
•  Passions
•  Personal statements you choose to share
•  Content you produce and upload to 8Stage, including written statements, videos, and photography, voice
•  Login details
•  Opinions on brands, habits regarding using brands and personal and life habits
•  Contact list
•  Phone Status (if you are on a call)
•  Proof of Identification (driver’s licence, personal ID, passport, utility bill or other depending on location)
When user pay-outs exceed certain threshold (defined by country of residency) we are obligated to collect w9 or w-8ben or other Country specific tax documents for tax purposes:
•  Full name
•  Business name
•  Federal tax classification
•  Permanent residence address
•  Social Security Number OR Employer Identification Number
•  Country of citizenship
•  SSN OR other Tax identifying number
•  Date of Birth
When we collect influencer/consumer information and analytics we are getting from provided social accounts and from 8Stage on our own:
•  Social networks following and performance
•  Content, caption, and performance of content published through our service
•  Link to social account
•  Profile picture
•  Background picture
•  Followers
•  Following
•  Name
•  Username
•  Email address
When we perform behavioural tracking and mapping activities while you use our platform and website:
•  Device IDs
•  Type of device (IOS/Android)
•  History and usage of our platform (such as buttons clicked and interactions with the platform) through pixels and cookies
•  IPs (tracking for locations, but not storing)
•  Browser preferences
•  Session and login times
•  Paid Brand Video views, acceptance, completion and charities which user paid it forward
•  Information about whether user navigated to the Brand website and acquired any of their products and services after watching their ads
•  Performance includes:
•  Views
•  Likes
•  Comments
•  Clicks on trackable links
•  Conversions/installs
More rarely, when we onboard brands as clients/partners, we may collect personal data that is embedded among business data, such as:
•  Name
•  Corporate email address
•  Role within the organisation
•  Professional address
•  Professional or personal phone numbers
•  Any information provided and included on the agreements signed with clients and partners.
When we engage with investors who are natural persons, we may collecttheir:
•    Corporate email address
•  Corporate phone number
•  Company name
•  Home address
•  Holdings information (shares held)
•  Name
•  Tax information
•  Spouse/partner details
•  Incoming money transfer information
Does WeAre8 Collect Information From Children?
WeAre8 does not intentionally collect information from children under 13 years of age, and children under age 13 should not submit any information to us nor access our platform. Even though we have an age gate that keeps children under 13 years of age from accessing our platform, it is still possible that such controls are bypassed, in which case, if we become aware that a child has provided us with information without parental consent, or a parent or guardian of a child contacts us through the contact information provided below, we will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our databases.
However, children between the age of 13 and 18 may use our app and benefit from watching our videos under the condition that consent and validation from a parent or guardian is obtained.
‍
Purposes for which we use personal data and the lawful basis
When providing services to you, we may use your personal data for the following purposes and on the following lawful bases:
‍
Purpose
Personal Data
Lawful Basis for Processing
Creating and setting up your account preferences and making it possible for you to use our services and platform as expected by you. Establishing and verifying the identity and eligibility of our users. When it comes to age, to establish the identity and eligibility of Advertisers
• First name
• Last name
• Username
• Emails
• Phones
• Locations (with history, down to the city and zip code, GPS)
• Date of birth
• Gender
• Social handles
• Interests
• Bio
• Favourite charities
• Passions
• Personal Statements
• Login details
• Contact list
• Phone Status
•
Performance of our contract
•
Legal obligation
•
Consent
Processing payments from brands to you
Financial information, such as PayPal email for payouts
Performance of our contract
To upload and disclose your content on our social platform, 8Stage
Content you produce and upload to 8Stage, including written statements, videos, and photography, voice
Consent
To comply with our tax obligations
• Full name
• Business name
• Federal tax classification
• Permanent residence address
• Social Security Number OR Employer Identification Number
• Country of citizenship
• SSN or other Tax identifying number
• Date of Birth
Legal obligation
To obtain market intelligence information and analytics about our users, from third-party social media networks to improve our services, improve our public relations when carrying out marketing activities and gaining business, and to Check individual’s eligibility to publish content on our Platform and 8Stage.
• Social networks following and performance
• Content, caption, and performance of content published through our service
• Link to social account
• Profile picture
• Followers
• Following
• Name
• Username
• Email address
Consent
Tracking and mapping our users’ activities, behaviours and interaction with our platform, to generate insights and market intelligence in order to improve our services, personalise/target the right contents to you, and for marketing purposes.
• Device IDs
• Type of device (IOS/Android)
• History and usage of our platform (such as buttons clicked and interactions with the platform) through pixels and cookies
• IPs (tracking for locations, but not storing)
• Browser preferences
• Paid Brand Video views, acceptance, completion and charities which user paid it forward
• Information about whether user navigated to the Brand website and acquired any of their products and services after watching their ads.
• Performance includes:
- Views
- Likes
- Comments
- Clicks on trackable links
- Conversions/installs
Legitimate interest
To answer to your customer enquiries and provide you with customer service and IT support upon your requests
• Name
• Email address
• Login
• Information you choose to share as part of your enquiry
Performance of contract
To onboard brands as our clients/partners, roll out brand campaigns, and  provide our brand customers with product, service, or company update
• Name
• Corporate email address
• Role within the organisation
• Professional address
• Professional or personal phone numbers
Performance of contract
To send you marketing and advertisement communications about our services, platform, events, sweepstakes, surveys, contests and offers
• Name
• Email
• Marketing preferences
Consent
‍
Where personal data is processed because it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, we will be unable to provide our services without the required information.
‍
Sharing your data
8Stage: we share your information with the audience on the platform that you specifically identify as well as anyone when you share public content. All details about your public profile may be shared with other platform users.
We share your information such as opinions on brands, life habits and preferences with our partner brands in order to make it possible to provide you with our services and process your payment, as part as our service agreement. When we do it so, we make sure to fully anonymise your personal data and to only share aggregated data that cannot be traced back to you by any mechanism or process.
We may disclose your information to third parties who help us with our business functions, such as service and payments providers or suppliers, and with business partners. Such third parties are not authorized to use or disclose your information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of these service providers include entities that process credit card and other types of payments, help us moderate content posted on the platform, provide web hosting and cloud-based data storage services, or analytics services, or who assist with marketing functions. These services providers may be located around the world and in countries where privacy rules are different or less stringent than rules in the country where you reside.
We may also contract with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons on our platform and emails; on third-party platform and emails; and on our advertising placed on third-party platform. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests (including for companies not affiliated with us). You may see these advertisements on other platform. This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our and third-party marketing efforts.
In addition, we may share your information if necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of us, our customers, or employees, or when otherwise required by law. We may also share your information with your consent in certain circumstances.
We reserve the right to transfer information we have about you in the event we sell, transfer, or engage in another transaction involving all or a portion of our business or assets, or undertake another form of corporate change, including bankruptcy. Following such a sale, transfer, or transaction, or corporate change, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
The countries we are likely to disclose your information to include the UK, countries in the EEA, the USA, Australia. It is necessary that we share your personal data outside the UK, the European Union, or European Economic Area in order to provide you with our services. However, we will only share it with organisations in countries benefiting from a European Commission adequacy decision or on the basis of International Data Transfer Agreements approved by the Secretary of State, which contractually oblige the recipient to process and protect your personal data to the standard expected within the UK/EU/EEA. A copy of the model clauses can be provided on request. For Australian customers, we will take reasonable steps to ensure your data is handled consistently with the Australian Privacy Principles by any overseas recipients we disclose it to.
Whenever we engage and share your personal data with third-parties, we make sure to conduct a thoroughly due diligence assessment to guarantee any data will be shared in accordance with the highest UK GDPR/EU GDPR standards, and to sign the appropriate agreements.
We do not sell or share your personal information and/or data to or with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Social Media
Our platform allow you to connect you social network account. This is required for you to become a verified 8Creator and to publish content on our platform. WeAre8 will collect certain information from your social media account including your profile information (such as name, username, email address, profile picture, followers, following).
The information we may have access to will vary by social media platform and is controlled by privacy settings on that platform and your choices on that platform. Your use of services on third party social media platforms are governed by the privacy statement and other terms of use for that third party social media platform.
‍
How long we keep your data
We will retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide you with our services and for a reasonable period thereafter to enable us to meet our contractual and legal obligations and to deal with complaints and claims.
At the end of the retention period, your personal data will be securely deleted or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data, so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
You can delete your account at any time. When you delete your account or content you have posted on the Platform, that content (such as profile information, photos, and status updates) will no longer be viewable to the public or Platform users. However, your information will continue to be stored in our internal systems for our administrative purposes. In addition, information that other users have posted about you will remain on the Platform. We also participate in interest-based or behavioral advertising. This means that you may receive advertising on our website or other platform that are tailored to how you browse.
If you want to understand specific retention periods for specific types of personal data we hold from you, you may ask us for a copy of our Data Retention and Destruction Policy.
‍
How we protect your data
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect data that we process from unauthorised disclosure, use, alteration or destruction.
In addition to the technical and organisational measures we have put in place, there are a number of simple things you can do to in order to further protect your personal information;
v1. Never share your account credentials with anyone
2. Be diligent with emails and text messages that you receive. Potential scammers may pose as our Platform.
3. Always send confidential information by encrypted email where possible this reduces the risk of interception.
4. If you’re logged into any online service do not leave your computer or mobile phone unattended.
5. Close your internet browser and app once you’ve logged off.
6. Never download software or let anyone log on to your computer or devices remotely, during or after a cold call.
If you want to know more about the technical measures we adopt to protect data, you may ask us for  a copy of our Information Security Polciy.
‍
Your rights and options
You have the following rights in respect of your personal data:
•  You have the right of access to your personal data and can request copies of it and information about our processing of it.
•  You can restrict certain permissions in the phone settings
•  If the personal data we hold about you in incorrect or incomplete, you can ask us to rectify or add to it.
•  Where we are using your personal data with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time, including disconnecting your social media accounts. You may “opt-out” or unsubscribe from our newsletters, special offers or discounts, or other marketing communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail or other communication you receive from us. After doing so, you will not receive future promotional emails unless you open a new account, enter a contest, or sign up to receive newsletters or emails. You may also continue to receive non-marketing communications about your account. Please allow up to 2 weeks to process your request.
•  Where we are using your personal data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so, you can object to us using it this way.
•  Where we are using your personal data for direct marketing, including profiling for direct marketing purposes, you can object to us doing so.
•  You can ask us to restrict the use of your personal data if:
-  It is not accurate.
-  It has been used unlawfully but you do not want us to delete it.
-  We do not need it anymore, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claims; or
-  if you have already asked us to stop using your data but you are waiting to receive confirmation from us as to whether we can comply with your request.
•  You can request to erase your personal data and/or request a machine-readable copy of your personal data to transfer to another service provider.
•  You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
If you wish to exercise your rights, please contact us at privacy@weare8.com. We will respond to your requests for access and correction within a reasonable time.
‍
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
If you live in California, you have certain rights concerning your personal information under the CCPA, such as:
•  The right to know what personal information we have collected, used, and stored in the past 12 months;
•  The right to know how we have been using your personal information in the past 12 months;
•  The right to know what the purpose of using your personal data is;
•  The right to ask us to delete your personal data from our database;
•  The right to opt-out from any activities considered to be a “sale” of personal data under the CCPA:
we do not sell, trade, share, or rent personal data for commercial purposes. However, we do engage in personal data sharing activities that could be considered “sales” under the CCPA, such as sharing commercial information, identifiers, or virtual network activity with third-parties. If you wish to opt-out from these activities (“sales”), please contact us at
privacy@weare8.com, or ,alternatively, if you’re in the EU, at datarequest@datarep.com.
•  The right to not be discriminated against when exercising any of your rights concerning privacy.
You can find a detailed description of what kind of personal data we collect from you and how we use it in our activities in the past 12 months by reading our “
Personal Data We Collect” and Purposes for which we use personal data and the lawful basis”
sections of this Privacy Notice.
‍
How to complain
If you live in the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority, if you believe we are infringing the data protection laws or you are concerned about the way in which we are handling your personal data.
‍
The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office who can be contacted using the information provided at:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
or by telephone on 0303 123 1113.
‍
If you are a resident of an USA state that has passed a Data Protection Law (such as California, Maryland, Colorado, Virginia and more), your data protection rights may be enforced by the Attorney General or district attorneys in your location.
‍
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to lodge an online consumer complaint under the CCPA with the Attorney General at
https://oag.ca.gov/contact/consumer-complaint-against-business-or-company
.
‍
If you are a resident of Australia, you have the right to lodge a complaint under the Privacy Act 1988 (so long as you have raised your concerns with us first) to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
or by post, to:
‍
Complaints
Office of theAustralian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218,Sydney NSW 2001
‍
Contact us
If you have any questions, or wish to exercise any of your rights, then you can contact:
‍
AUSTRALIA:
Weare8 Australia Pty Ltd
LEVEL 11 , 139 MACQUARIE STREET
SYDNEY
NSW 2000
UK:
WeAre8 Media Ltd
3 Bloomsbury Place
London
WC1A 2QA
EUROPE:
Weare8 Greece PLC
Kalapothaki 7
Thessaloniki
54624
Greece
USA:
WeAre8, Pbc.
224 W 35th St
Ste 500 PMB 195
New York, NY 10001
Alternatively, you can email us at privacy@weare8.com
‍
If you arein the EU, WeAre8 EU data protection representative contact details are:
DataRep  (Data Protection Representative Limited)
datarequest@datarep.com
DataRep, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athens, 17671, Greece
All communications must be addressed to ‘DataRep’.
‍
Changes to this privacy notice
We may update this notice (and any supplemental privacy notice), from time to time as shown below. We will notify of the changes where required by applicable law to do so.
‍
Last modified:
February 13, 2024.
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
functionality, experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel.  Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept all” button to consent. Use the “Reject all” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all