Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is provided in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and privacy-related concerns. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason; each version will apply to information collected while it was in place. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. The following sets forth our information gathering, use and dissemination practices. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at
info.beautyeditor@gmail.com
Information we may collect
Generally, we do not collect personal identifiable information; such as names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses and specific location. The only situation we get access to your Personal Identifiable Information about you is when you specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis; for example, when you provide us with information in connection with a user registration, email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report. Such information is only used to contacting you, finding any bug and improving our services.
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Be assured, we do not use your personal information for any other purpose and we do not disclose these information to any third party.
We might collect the following data (that is not linked to your identity) for analytics, performance improvement and personalised user experience.
Device Identifier
Product Interaction Data
Performance Data
Advertisement Data
Crash Data
Face data (some of our services might require facial landmark points in order to provide perfect editing experiences, but we will never store any Face Data and we do not share any Face Data with any third parties)
Other Diagnostic Data
We use third party advertising such as Google AdMob, Facebook etc. For providing personalized experience, these providers may use your Device Identifier to track you across different apps and website with your Permission. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites or third party services.
Cookies
We use “cookie” technology to collect non-personal website usage data and to improve the Site and our service. Cookies are files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, and allow a web site to track web usage behavior. Cookies take up minimal room on your computer and cannot damage your computer’s files. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our apps and website. website and services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the website, and to improve the web site and our services. A session cookie enables certain features of the site and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave our app or our website. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our website. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
Disclaimer
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 07, 2020. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting. We take your privacy concerns very seriously. If you still have concerns about privacy issues after reading this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
info.beautyeditor@gmail.com
Home
Support
Tutorial
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions