This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
This privacy policy applies to applications owned by Aleksey Kozlov:
Angle Meter 360
Illuminance Pulsation Meter
Thermal Transmittance Calc
MixArt Photo Editor
These applications are provided by Aleksey Kozlov for use as is.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Log Data
We may collect Data that include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services, such as
Google Analytics
and
Yandex Services
, that collect, monitor and analyze information to enhance the functionality of our Service and to provide personalized advertising. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.

We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party services.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information.
Camera and Visual Information
Some applications may use the camera. We do not collect or distribute data from the camera or other sensors. All such personal data is stored only on the user's device with their consent and in accordance with their actions. Any visual information containing personal data, such as location or address, that users share for feedback purposes is also not stored by us or distributed to third parties.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS
If you have additional questions regarding this privacy policy or our handling of your personal information please contact at email address:
AK.app.development@gmail.com