Start for Free
Log in
Play
Parents
Overview
Curriculum
Plans & Pricing
Why Code?
Educators
Overview
School Curriculum
Standards Alignment
Request a Quote
Training & PD
Hour of Code
Why Code?
What is Coding?
Why Coding Matters
Coding eBooks
Mobile Apps
Tynker Apps
Blog
Please see our latest privacy updates.
Student User Privacy Policy
Non-Student User Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms for Educational Institutions
Additional Terms of Use for Tynker Live Classes
EU Privacy Notice
EU Data Processing Addendum
Kids & Online Safety
About Us
Student User Privacy Policy
Non-Student User Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms for Educational Institutions
Additional Terms of Use for Tynker Live Classes
EU Privacy Notice
EU Data Processing Addendum
Kids & Online Safety
About Us
Student User Privacy Policy
Effective date: Aug 31, 2023
At Tynker, we take your privacy seriously. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn how we treat your personal data if you are a student user of Tynker Services under the age of 18 (“Student User”). If you’re a parent or guardian, teacher, or school administrator, or any other user who is not a Student User, please see the
Non-Student User Privacy Policy
to learn how we treat personal data of non-student users.
If you’re a Student User, you may only use Tynker Services and disclose information to us with your parent’s or guardian’s consent. Please refer to
Tynker’s Terms of Use
regarding how Tynker and/or Educational Institutions (defined therein) collect verified parental consent before a Student User can use Tynker Services. Only a Student User’s parent or guardian, or teacher or school administrator, can sign up such Student
User to Tynker Services.
By agreeing to sign up a Student User to Tynker Services, you, as either such Student User’s parent or guardian or teacher or school administrator, (i) acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined below on behalf of such Student User, and (ii) hereby consent that we will collect, use and share the Personal Data of such Student User as described in this Privacy Policy; and (iii) you represent and warrant that you’re such Student User’s parent or guardian, or teacher or school administrator and have the legal authority to accept these terms on behalf of such Student User and grant such consent in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Remember that your use of Tynker's Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use
https://tynker.com/terms/
, which incorporates this Student User Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use. If any data of Student Users (including Personal Data and other types of data) is shared with us from an Educational Institution (as defined in our Terms of Use), the
Additional Terms for Student Data from Educational Institution
apply to our treatment of such Student User’s data. In the event of a conflict between this Student User Privacy Policy and the Additional Terms for Student Data from Educational Institution, the terms that are most protective of Student User’s data shall prevail.
You may print a copy of this Student User Privacy Policy by clicking
here
.
Student User Privacy Policy Table of Contents
What this Privacy Policy Covers
No Behavioral Advertising
Personal Data of Children
Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data
How We Share Your Personal Data
Cookies
Data Security and Retention
California Resident Rights
Other State Law Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Information
What this Student User Privacy Policy Covers
This Student User Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather when Student Users access or use our Services. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we don’t manage.
As noted above, if you’re not a Student User, please see the
Non-Student User Privacy Policy
to learn how we treat personal data of Non-Student Users (defined therein).
No Behavioral Advertising
We do not use or disclose Personal Data of a Student User or any other information of Student User collected through such Student User’s Educational Institution (whether personal information or otherwise) for behavioral targeting of advertisements to students.
Personal Data of Children
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit personally identifiable information from a child under 13 without obtaining verifiable consent from that child’s parent or guardian (“Parental Consent”), except for the limited amount of personally identifiable information we need to collect in order to obtain Parental Consent (“Required Information”). Until we have received Parental Consent, we will only use Required Information for the purpose of obtaining Parental Consent. If you are a child under 13 years of age, please do not attempt to send any Personal Data about yourself to us before we obtain Parental Consent, except for the Required Information in the context of the Parental Consent process. If you believe that a child under 13 years of age has provided us with Personal Data (beyond the Required Information) without our obtaining Parental Consent, please contact us at
support@tynker.com
.
We do not condition participation in our Services on disclosure of more Personal Data from a child under 13 years of age than is reasonably necessary for that participation, and we do not retain Personal Data from children under 13 years of age longer than is reasonably necessary in order to fulfill the purpose for which it was disclosed.
If you are a parent or guardian of a Student User of our Services who is under 13 years of age, you may contact us at any time to ask that (a) we stop collecting Personal Data from such Student User, (b) we delete any Personal Data already collected from such Student User (although note that we may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify such Student User personally), or (c) we stop disclosing Personal Data collected from such Student User to third parties, but continue to allow for collection and use of Personal Data collected from such Student User in connection with the Services.
If you’re above the age of 13 but under the age of 18, you represent and warrant that you’ve received your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the Services and gotten your parent or guardian to agree to our
Terms of Use
on your behalf and also to agree on their own behalf.
For Student User, no matter whether you’re under the age of 13 or above, your parent or guardian, teacher, or school administrator can view all information within or associated with your Tynker account, including, without limitation, messages between you and your teacher, your work assignments and results, comments, comments you received on your assignments, your projects saved in your account.
For clarity, we do not collect, maintain, use or share any Personal Data of a Student User beyond that needed for authorized educational/school purposes, or as authorized by the Student User or his/her parent or legal guardian, or teacher or school administrator under this Student User Privacy Policy and the
Additional Terms for Student Data from Educational Institution
. In no instance do we sell any Personal Information of Student Users to anyone.
Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
This chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect and have collected from Student Users over the past 12 months:
Category of Personal Data
Examples of Personal Data We Collect
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share this Personal Data:
Profile or Contact Data
First and last name
Parent or guardian’s first and last name
User name
Email (only when a Student User signs in through third party services (e.g. Google) as approved by his/her parent or guardian)
Parents, guardians
Educational Institutions
Service Partners
Parties You Authorize
Device/IP Data
Note:
This category of data is collected automatically from the website if a user is not logged in and if you are a Non-Student User. We do not knowingly collect this category data through our website or application from Student Users.
IP Address
Type of device/operating system/browser used to access the Services
Service Providers
Web Analytics
Web page interactions
Referring webpage/source through which you accessed the Services
Non-identifiable request IDs
Statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Services
Service Providers
Consumer Demographic Data
Age (only to identify children under the age of 13 for parental consent verification as required by COPPA)
None
Non-Public Education Data
Work assignments, results, and comments
Student progress reports and placement tests
Messages and chat logs between Student Users and teachers
Parents, guardians
Educational Institutions
Service Providers (specifically, but not limited to, our email and mailing communications processors)
Parties You Authorize
Voice recording data and/or photos voluntarily submitted by student users (
See section on “Voice Recording” Below
)
Voice recordings and/or photos of Student Users
Parents, guardians
Educational Institutions
Service Providers
Parties You Authorize
Audio and video data incidental to the conduct of live classes
Audio and video recordings of Student Users participating in online classes conducted by an Instructor
Our Business Affiliates
Service Providers
Parties You Authorize
Other Identifying Information Collected
Identification information shared in email or mailing communications
Students’ programming projects, experience and interests
Parents, guardians
Educational Institutions
Service Providers
Parties You Authorize
Categories of Sources of Personal Data
We collect Personal Data about Student Users from the following categories of sources:
You
When you provide such information directly to us.
When you create an account or use our interactive tools and Services.
When you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes through the Services or through responses to surveys or questionnaires. We do not have control over what personally identifiable information you may include in free-form text boxes, so please use caution not to include any personally identifiable information.
When you send us an email or otherwise contact us.
Voice Recording and Photos
:
The Services provide the functionality that allow Student Users to create voice recordings or upload photos in connection with their projects. We do not require Student Users to submit any voice recordings or photos, but Student Users can voluntarily opt to use such functionality to create voice recordings or upload photos.
Student Users may publish their projects containing voluntarily provided voice recordings or photos to the Services that are available to other users on our Services. For example, if a Student User chooses to publish his/her projects to the public community of the Services, the data of such projects, including any voice recordings and/or photos, will be shared with other users of the community, if the project is approved by Tynker. Any published voice recording and/or photos can be accessed, used, downloaded or modified by other users of our Services.
If a Student User keeps access to his/her projects limited to his/her own account, by default, the projects (including the voice recordings and/or photos contained therein) are only accessible by the parent or legal guardian, and/or teacher or school administrator of such Student User.
The parent or legal guardian, or teacher or school administrator of a Student User can disable the community function of a Student User account. If disabled, the Student User can’t publish the projects to the community, and the voice recordings and/or photos are stored in the Student User’s own account, which by default, areis only accessible by the parent or legal guardian, and/or teacher or school administrator of such Student User.
We do not combine or supplement the voice recordings and/or photos stored on the Services with any other Personal Data  we have about a Student User. Before a project is published into the community, we take commercially reasonable measures designed to prevent any other Personal Data from being included in the voice recording and/or photos.
Audio and video data incidental to the conduct of live classes
:
We (and all parties involved in providing this recording facility) collect, record, store and use these audio and video recordings, details of the live classes, and likeness of Instructors and Students who attended the live classes.
We use these recordings to provide and improve the quality of our Services and to provide customer support to Users. Parents are not permitted to record any classes. Tynker retains all ownership rights in the recordings.
When you use the Services and such information is collected automatically.
Through Cookies (defined in the “Cookies” section below).
If you download our mobile application or use a location-enabled browser, we may receive information about your location and mobile device, as applicable.
If you download and install certain applications and software we make available, we may receive and collect information transmitted from your computing device for the purpose of providing you the relevant Services, such as information regarding when you are logged on and available to receive updates or alert notices.
Third Parties
Educational Institutions
If you signed up to our Services through your Educational Institutions, we may receive your Personal Data, as well as other data (such as your education records) from your Educational Institutions. Please refer to the
Additional Terms for Student Data from Educational Institution
for more information.
Service Providers
We may use analytics providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, or third parties that may help us provide you with customer support.
Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Services
Creating and managing your account or other user profiles.
Providing you with the products, services or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Services.
Improving the Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Services, website content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
Corresponding with You
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences or that display content that we think will interest you.
Educational Purposes
Carrying out educational purposes as directed by Educational Institutions, such as sharing with the parent or guardian of a Student User of project progress, work results, and teacher comments through courses assigned with the Student User’s Educational Institution.
Supporting educational/school purposes as authorized by Educational Institutions and/or the parent or guardian of a Student User. For example, the Tynker Services track a Student User’s academic process, and create a profile for each Student User associated with the progress of such Student as they complete learning modules through the Tynker Services. Such profile and related features are solely for educational/school purposes, and for clarity, we do not build any personal profile of a Student User for marketing purposes.
Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms
Fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process, such as preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.
Protecting the rights, property or safety of you, Tynker or another party.
Enforcing any agreements with you.
Responding to claims that any posting or other content violates third-party rights.
Resolving disputes.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
How We Share Your Personal Data
We disclose your Personal Data to the categories of service providers and other parties listed in this section. We only share the Personal Data of our Student Users with service providers or other parties that are subject to restrictions to collect, use, or share your Personal Data in ways that are consistent with commitments in this Student User Privacy Policy.
Parent/Guardian.
We disclose your Personal Data to your parent or guardian who provided Parental Consent for your use of our Services. Also, as directed by Educational Institutions (if you signed up to our Services through your Educational Institutions), we share with your parent or guardian your results and progress through courses, and other data or information pursuant to the instructions from your school, educational institution, teacher or school administrator, or in connection with your use or the your Educational Institution’s use of the Services.
Educational Institutions.
There are schools, school districts, educational institutions, teachers and school administrators who offer and use our Services for educational purposes only. Please refer to the
Additional Terms for Student Data from Educational Institution
for more information.
Service Providers.
These parties help us provide the Services or perform business functions on our behalf. They include:
Hosting, technology and communication providers.
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Support and customer service vendors.
Analytics Partners.
These parties provide analytics on web traffic or usage of the Services. Please refer to section “Cookies” section below for more details. They include:
Companies that track how users found or were referred to the Services.
Companies that track how users interact with the Services.
Business Partners.
These parties partner with us in offering various services. They include:
Companies that we partner with to offer products and services to you, but only after you’re signed up to such third party services with your parent’s consent.
Educational Institutions as noted above.
Business Affiliates.
These affiliated entities, under the same corporate group, partner with us in offering various services.
Parties You Authorize
Other users. For example, your projects saved in your account are by default private, so only you (and your parent/guardian and/or teacher/school administrator) can access and view. But you have the option to publish your private projects so that other users of Tynker Services can access and view them as well. Note that any users of Tynker Services can remix and revise published projects. Please refer to “3. Services Content” of our
Terms of Use
for more details on what rights you grant to others with respect to your User Submission (defined therein).
Legal Obligations
We may share any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in conjunction with any of the activities set forth under “Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms” in the “Our Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data” section above.
Business Transfers
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part). Should one of these events occur, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you before your information becomes subject to different privacy and security policies and practices. We will endeavor to require our acquirer to use the acquired Personal Data of our Student Users in accordance with the commitments made in this Student User Privacy Policy, which reflects the principles of the Student Privacy Pledge. Alternatively, the acquirer may allow Student Users a choice to send Personal Data to the acquirer directly or have Personal Data of Student Users deleted or de-identified.
If the acquirer chooses to do so, it may separately obtain consent, as required by applicable laws and regulations, to use the Personal Data of our Student Users previously collected by us for other purposes, and such consent process and such use will be governed by the privacy policies and data processing practices of the acquirer, for which we have no control.
Data that is Not Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
Cookies
The Services use cookies and similar technologies for Student Users such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and JavaScript (collectively, “Cookies”) to enable our servers to recognize your web browser, tell us how and when you visit and use our Services, analyze trends, learn about our Student User base and operate and improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you use that device to access our Services.
We use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies
. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functional Cookies
. Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Performance/Analytics Cookies
. Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to understand how visitors use our Services. They do this by collecting information about the number of visitors to the Services, what pages visitors view on our Services and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Services.
We may supplement the information we collect from you with information received from our analytics partners, which have placed their own Cookies on your device(s). For clarity, we only use Google Analytics and Hotjar for our internal analytics purposes specified below:
We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our websites. These cookies collect information in the aggregate to give us insight into how our website is being used. Google Inc. (“Google”) uses cookies in connection with its Google Analytics services. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. For Google Analytics, we have tagged certain portion of our websites (e.g., all student areas including the student dashboard (
https://www.tynker.com/dashboard/student/
) and community project galleries (
https://www.tynker.com/community/projects/
and https://www.tynker.com/explore/mobile-community-projects) as “targeted to children”, so as to signal to Google to enable the child-directed treatment for such websites. This measure is designed to ensure that any Student User under the age of 13 will not be served with behavioral advertising. You also have the option to opt-out of Google’s use of Cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at
www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize the Service and user experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our Service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of Hotjar’s support site at
https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/categories/115001323967-About-Hotjar
.
For clarity, the Services do not use retargeting/advertising cookies on the home page or student-targeted pages on our website or application (e.g., coding games, minecraft and code jam pages), and we do not use or disclose Personal Data of a Student User or any other information of Student User collected through such Student User’s Educational Institution (whether personal information or otherwise) for behavioral targeting of advertisements to students
.
We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s). Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Services do not support “Do Not Track” requests sent from a browser at this time.
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your internet browser’s settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the Cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new Cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all Cookies that are already on your device. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our website and some of the Services and functionalities may not work.
To explore what Cookie settings are available to you, look in the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu. To find out more information about Cookies, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. We do so by, in part, maintaining a comprehensive security program that is reasonably designed to protect the security, privacy, confidentiality, and integrity of Personal Data against risks – such as unauthorized access or use, or unintended or inappropriate disclosure – through the use of administrative, technological, and physical safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Although we work to protect the security of your account and other data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the internet or storing data is completely secure.
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us and no longer than is necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
California Resident Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the rights set forth in this section. Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. Please note that we may process Personal Data of our customers’ end users or employees in connection with our provision of certain services to our customers. If we are processing your Personal Data as a service provider, you should contact the entity that collected your Personal Data in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data.
If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at
support@tynker.com
.
Access
You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. In response, we will provide you with the following information:
The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Data.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
If we have disclosed your Personal Data to any third parties for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient.
Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected about you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your Personal Data to provide you with the Services or complete a transaction or other action you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, you or your Authorized Agent (defined below) must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify your identity and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:
Email us at:
support@tynker.com
Submit a form at this address:
https://www.tynker.com/about/contact
You may also authorize an agent (an “Authorized Agent”) to exercise your rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide your Authorized Agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from your Authorized Agent when they make a request on your behalf.
Personal Data Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In
We will not sell your Personal Data, and have not done so over the last 12 months. To our knowledge, we do not sell the Personal Data of minors under 18 years of age
.
We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the CCPA
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. However, we may offer different tiers of our Services as allowed by applicable data privacy laws (including the CCPA) with varying prices, rates or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.
Other State Law Privacy Rights
California Resident Rights
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at
support@tynker.com
.
Nevada Resident Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Data. For clarity, we do not engage in such activities of “sale” of your Personal Data to third parties as defined under Nevada law.
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)—United States
Tynker’s Student Privacy Policy and our services are designed to meet our responsibilities under FERPA to protect personal information from students' educational records. In some cases we collect, receive and use student personal information as a “School Official” that performs an outsourced institutional function, subject to the direction and control of the school. We agree to work with each school to jointly ensure compliance with the FERPA regulations to protect the confidentiality of educational records, provide parents and eligible students the opportunity to access and review such records, and limit further disclosure of personal information only as necessary to support the school's educational purposes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, but we will alert you to any material changes by placing a notice on the Tynker website, by sending you an email and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use Student User’s Personal Data or your choices and rights regarding such collection and use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
https://www.tynker.com/
support@tynker.com
NEURON FUEL, INC. D/B/A TYNKER
200 W Madison Ave, Suite 1000, Chicago, IL 60606
+1 (650) 450-4875
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.tynker.com/privacy/:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.tynker.com/privacy/non-student:
We use cookies to enhance your experience and ensure the proper use of our
      website.
Manage cookies
Accept all
Manage Cookie Preferences
You can view and change Tynker's website cookie preference.
Essential
Always on
?
Functional
Performance
Advertising
Learn more
×
Sub-policy 2
https://www.tynker.com/privacy/eu:

Sub-policy 3
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語