Privacy policy
Datenschutzerklärung (Deutsch)
Privacy policy (English)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://legal.wolvesville.com/privacy-policy-en.html:
PRIVACY POLICY
1. Introduction
In the following, we provide information about the collection of personal data when using
our website
https://www.wolvesville.com
(hereinafter "Website")
our app (hereinafter "app", website and app together "applications")
our profiles in social media.
Personal data is any data that can be related to a specific natural person, such as their name or IP address.
1.1. Contact details
The controller within the meaning of Art. 4 para. 7 EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is Wolvesville GmbH & Co. KG, Peter-Händel-Straße 10,
      91334 Hemhofen, Germany, email: howl@wolvesville.com. We are legally represented by Wolvesville Verwaltungs-GmbH with the managing director Philipp
      Eichhorn.
Our data protection officer is heyData GmbH, Kantstr. 99, 10627 Berlin,
www.heydata.eu
, E-Mail: datenschutz@heydata.eu.
1.2. Scope of data processing, processing purposes and legal bases
We detail the scope of data processing, processing purposes and legal bases below. In principle, the following come into consideration as the legal basis
      for data processing:
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 it. a GDPR serves as our legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent.
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR is the legal basis insofar as the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract, e.g. if a
        site visitor purchases a product from us or we perform a service for him. This legal basis also applies to processing that is necessary for
        pre-contractual measures, such as in the case of inquiries about our products or services.
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. c GDPR applies if we fulfill a legal obligation by processing personal data, as may be the case, for example, in tax law.
Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR serves as the legal basis when we can rely on legitimate interests to process personal data, e.g. for cookies that are
        necessary for the technical operation of our website.
1.3. Data processing outside the EEA
Insofar as we transfer data to service providers or other third parties outside the EEA, the security of the data during the transfer is guaranteed by
      adequacy decisions of the EU Commission, insofar as they exist (e.g. for Great Britain, Canada and Israel) (Art. 45 para. 3 GDPR).
If no adequacy decision exists (e.g. for the USA), the legal basis for the data transfer are usually, i.e. unless we indicate otherwise, standard
      contractual clauses. These are a set of rules adopted by the EU Commission and are part of the contract with the respective third party. According to Art.
      46 para. 2 lit. b GDPR, they ensure the security of the data transfer. Many of the providers have given contractual guarantees that go beyond the standard
      contractual clauses to protect the data. These include, for example, guarantees regarding the encryption of data or regarding an obligation on the part of
      the third party to notify data subjects if law enforcement agencies wish to access the respective data.
1.4. Storage duration
Unless expressly stated in this privacy policy, the data stored by us will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose
      and no legal obligations to retain data conflict with the deletion. If the data are not deleted because they are required for other and legally
      permissible purposes, their processing is restricted, i.e. the data are blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies, for example, to data
      that must be retained for commercial or tax law reasons.
1.5. Rights of data subjects
Data subjects have the following rights against us with regard to their personal data:
Right of access,
Right to correction or deletion,
Right to limit processing,
Right to object to the processing,
Right to data transferability,
Right to revoke a given consent at any time.
Data subjects also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about the processing of their personal data.
1.6. Obligation to provide data
Within the scope of the business or other relationship, customers, prospective customers or third parties need to provide us with personal data that is
      necessary for the establishment, execution and termination of a business or other relationship or that we are legally obliged to collect. Without this
      data, we will generally have to refuse to conclude the contract or to provide a service or will no longer be able to perform an existing contract or other
      relationship.
Mandatory data are marked as such.
1.7. No automatic decision making in individual cases
As a matter of principle, we do not use a fully automated decision-making process in accordance with article 22 GDPR to establish and implement the
      business or other relationship. Should we use these procedures in individual cases, we will inform of this separately if this is required by law.
1.8. Making contact
When contacting us, e.g. by e-mail or telephone, the data provided to us (e.g. names and e-mail addresses) will be stored by us in order to answer
      questions. The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR) to answer inquiries directed to us. We delete
      the data accruing in this context after the storage is no longer necessary or restrict the processing if there are legal retention obligations.
1.9. Competitions
Occasionally, we offer competitions via our website or in other ways. We process the data requested in these competitions in order to determine and notify
      the winners. Afterwards, we delete the data. It may also be that we only offer competitions for existing customers. In this case, we only process the name
      to determine the winners and the contact data to notify the winners. It is our legitimate interest to offer competitions to attract customers or to
      interact with our existing customers. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
1.10. Customer surveys
From time to time, we conduct customer surveys to get to know our customers and their wishes better. In doing so, we collect the data requested in each
      case. It is our legitimate interest to get to know our customers and their wishes better, so that the legal basis for the associated data processing is
      Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit f GDPR. We delete the data when the results of the surveys have been evaluated.
2. Data processing on our applications
2.1. Downloading the app
Our app is ready for download at ​Apple's App Store, Google's Play Store and Huawei AppGallery​ (hereinafter "Stores"). When users download the app, the
      necessary information is transmitted to the stores, i.e. in particular user name, e-mail address and customer number of the account, time of download,
      payment information and the individual device identification number. We have no influence on this data collection and are not responsible for it. We
      process the data only insofar as it is necessary for downloading the mobile app to the user's mobile device.
2.2. Informative use of our applications
During the informative use of our applications, i.e. when users do not separately transmit information to us, we collect the personal data that the
      terminal device transmits to our server in order to ensure the stability and security of our website. This is our legitimate interest, so that the legal
      basis is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
These data are:
IP address
Date and time of the request
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (specific page)
Access status/HTTP status code
Amount of data transferred in each case
If applicable, website from which the request comes
Browser
Operating system and its interface
Language and version of the browser software.
This data is also stored in log files. They are deleted when their storage is no longer necessary, at the latest after 14 days.
2.3. Hosting and provision
Our applications are hosted by Amazon AWS. The provider is Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle WA 98109, USA. In doing so, the
      provider processes the personal data transmitted via the applications, e.g. content, usage, meta/communication data or contact data, in the EU. Further
      information can be found in the provider's privacy policy at
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
.
It is our legitimate interest to provide our applications, so the legal basis of the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
On the website we use a content delivery network to help provide our website. The provider is as well Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North,
      Seattle WA 98109, USA (privacy policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/?nc1=f_pr
). The provider thereby processes the personal data transmitted via the
      website, e.g. on content, usage, meta/communication data or contact data. It is our legitimate interest to provide a website, so that the legal basis for
      data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
2.4. Registration and provision of functions
Users can open a user account. We process the e-mail address, user name and gender requested in this context for the fulfillment of the respective user
      contract concluded for the account, so that the legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b GDPR. We delete the data when users delete
      their user account.
We also process text and voice messages to provide the user with features of the game. Various persons - "Mentors" and "Guardians" - are given access to
      the username and text messages to advise other players or to check compliance with rules. The legal basis for the processing is the usage contract
      concluded with the user.
The legal basis of the processing with respect to Guardians is the user agreement concluded with the user, which provides that the compliance with rules
      of the game will be verified by Guardians. The data transfer to Mentors is based on the consent of the users (Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR). Users can
      revoke their consent at any time by contacting us at the above contact details. The withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until the
      withdrawal.
2.5. Access to functions or data
The app requests the user's access to functions of the end device or to data of the device in order to be able to execute functions of the app. By
      allowing access, the user gives consent to the associated data processing, so that the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. Users can revoke
      their consent at any time by terminating access in the settings of their end device. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing until
      the revocation.
The functions or data processed to this extent are
Camera and
Microphone
2.6. Single sign-on procedures
Site visitors can log in to our applications using a single sign-on procedures. In doing so, they use the login data already created for another provider.
      The prerequisite is that the site visitor is already registered with the respective provider. When a site visitor logs in using a single sign-on
      procedure, we receive information from the provider that the user is logged in with the provider and the provider receives information that the user is
      using the single sign-on procedure on our website. Depending on the settings of the user in his account on the provider's site, additional information may
      be provided to us by the provider. The legal basis of this agreement is the consent of the site visitor who logs in to our site with the account (Art. 6
      para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR).
The provider of these procedures are
Apple Inc, Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA (privacy policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/de-ww/
).
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
).
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook").
Which data we receive from Facebook is communicated to users by Facebook as part of the registration process. Information about Facebook and the contact
      details of the data protection officer, as well as further information about how Facebook processes personal data, including the legal basis and the
      options for exercising rights as a data subject against Facebook, can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
. We are jointly responsible with
      Facebook for the data processing taking place through Facebook in the context of the use of the procedure and have concluded a joint controller agreement
      (Art. 26 GDPR) with Facebook. There we have defined the respective responsibilities for the fulfillment of the obligations under the GDPR with regard to
      joint processing. We are required to provide the above information and Facebook has assumed responsibility for the other data subject rights under Art.
      15-20 GDPR.
2.7. Payment processors
For the processing of payments, we use payment processors who are themselves data controllers within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR. Insofar as they
      receive data and payment data entered by us in the ordering process, we thereby fulfill the contract concluded with our customers (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1
      lit. b GDPR).
These payment processors are:
Apple Inc., USA (for Apple Pay)
Google Ireland Limited, Ireland (for Google Pay)
Paddle.com Market Limited, Great Britain
Huawei Pay
2.8. Technically necessary cookies on the website
Our website sets cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the web browser on the end device of a site visitor. Cookies help to make the
      offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Insofar as these cookies are necessary for the operation of our website or its functions (hereinafter
      "Technically Necessary Cookies"), the legal basis for the associated data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in
      providing customers and other site visitors with a functional website. Specifically, we set technically necessary cookies that payment providers set for
      payment processing and do not analyze user behavior.
2.9. Third parties
2.9.1. Vivox voice chat
We use Vivox voice chat as chat in the game. The provider is Unity Software Inc, 30 3RD St San Francisco, CA, 94103-3104, USA. The provider processes
      access and log data and voice messages in the US.
The legal basis of the processing is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time with effect for the future, e.g. by
      e-mail to howl@wolvesville.com.
The data transfer to the third country is also based on consent.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available
      in the provider's privacy policy at
https://unity3d.com/de/legal/privacy-policy
.
2.9.2. Mailbox.org
We use Mailbox.org for sending e-mails. The provider is Heinlein Hosting GmbH, Schwedter Str. 8/9B, 10119 Berlin. The provider processes the content of
      the e-mail, the e-mail address and opening and click rates in the EU.
The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. We have a legitimate interest to communicate with our users via email.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available
      in the provider's privacy policy at
https://mailbox.org/en/data-protection-privacy-policy
.
2.9.3. Google AdSense
We use Google AdSense for advertising on the website. The providerGoogle Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The provider
      processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and tracker.
The legal basis of the processing is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time with effect for the future, e.g. by
      e-mail to howl@wolvesville.com.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available
      in the provider's privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
2.9.4. Google AdMob
We use Google AdMob for advertising. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The provider processes unique
      device identifiers for advertising (e.g. Google Advertiser ID or IDFA), usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and
      tracker.
The legal basis of the processing is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a GDPR. The consent can be revoked at any time with effect for the future, e.g. by
      e-mail to howl@wolvesville.com.
The data will be deleted when the purpose of its collection has ceased to apply and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is available
      in the provider's privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
2.9.5. ​Firebase Cloud Messaging​
We use Firebase Cloud Messaging to communicate with users. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The
      provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP
      addresses) in the EU.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any
      time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the
      processing until the revocation.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is
      available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
.
2.9.6. ​Sentry​
We use Sentry to monitor applications and to track errors in applications or on websites. The provider is Functional Software, Inc., 132 Hawthorne Street
      San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. The provider processes usage data (e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access times), content data (e.g. entries in
      online forms), and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. The processing is based on consent. Data subjects may revoke their consent at any
      time by contacting us, for example, using the contact details provided in our privacy policy. The revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the
      processing until the revocation.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country
      (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in
      accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is
      available in the provider's privacy policy at
https://sentry.io/privacy/
.
2.9.7. ​Cloudflare​
We use Cloudflare for application security. The provider is Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. The provider processes
      content data (e.g. entries in online forms) and meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses) in the USA.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in increasing the security of our app by preventing
      malicious traffic from reaching our server.
The legal basis for the transfer to a country outside the EEA are standard contractual clauses. The security of the data transferred to the third country
      (i.e. a country outside the EEA) is guaranteed by standard data protection clauses (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) adopted by the EU Commission in
      accordance with the examination procedure under Art. 93 para. 2 of the GDPR, which we have agreed to with the provider.
The data will be deleted when the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies and there is no obligation to retain it. Further information is
      available in the provider's privacy policy at
.
2.10. Notice for users from Germany
Our applications store information in the terminal equipment of visitors (e.g. cookies) or accesses information that is already stored in the terminal
      equipment (e.g. IP addresses). What information this is in detail can be found in the sections above.
This storage and access is based on the following provisions:
Insofar as this storage or access is absolutely necessary for us to provide the service of our website expressly requested by website visitors (e.g., to
        carry out a chatbot used by the website visitor or to ensure the IT security of our website), it is carried out on the basis of Section 25 para. 2 no. 2
        of the German Telecommunications Digital Services Data Protection (Telekommunikation-Digitale-Dienste-Datenschutz-Gesetz, "TDDDG").
Otherwise, this storage or access takes place on the basis of the website visitor's consent (Section 25 para. 1 TDDDG).
The subsequent data processing is carried out in accordance with the following sections and on the basis of the provisions of the GDPR.
3. Data processing on social media platforms
We are represented in social media networks in order to present our company and our services there. The operators of these networks regularly process
      their users' data for advertising purposes. Among other things, they create user profiles from their online behavior, which are used, for example, to show
      advertising on the pages of the networks and elsewhere on the Internet that corresponds to the interests of the users. To this end, the operators of the
      networks store information on user behavior in cookies on the users' computers. Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that the operators merge this
      information with other data. Users can obtain further information and instructions on how to object to processing by the site operators in the data
      protection declarations of the respective operators listed below. It is also possible that the operators or their servers are located in non-EU countries,
      so that they process data there. This may result in risks for users, e.g. because it is more difficult to enforce their rights or because government
      agencies access the data.
If users of the networks contact us via our profiles, we process the data provided to us in order to respond to the inquiries. This is our legitimate
      interest, so that the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
3.1. Facebook
We maintain a profile on Facebook. The operator is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The privacy policy
      is available here:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
. A possibility to object to data processing arises via settings for advertisements:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
. We are joint controllers for processing the data of visitors to our profile on the basis of an agreement within
      the meaning of Art. 26 GDPR with Facebook. Facebook explains exactly what data is processed at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
. Data subjects can exercise their rights both against us and against Facebook.
      However, according to our agreement with Facebook, we are obliged to forward requests to Facebook. Data subjects will therefore receive a faster response
      if they contact Facebook directly.
3.2. Instagram
We maintain a profile on Instagram. The operator is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. The privacy policy
      is available here:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
.
3.3. YouTube
We maintain a profile on YouTube. The operator is Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4. Ireland. The privacy policy is available
      here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
.
3.4. Twitter
We maintain a profile on Twitter. The operator is Twitter Inc, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. The privacy policy is
      available here:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
. One way to object to data processing is via the settings for advertisements:
https://twitter.com/personalization
.
4. Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy with effect for the future. A current version is always available here.
5. Questions and comments
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us using the contact information provided above.