You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Sign up
Log in
+
everyday
Privacy
Last updated: April 13, 2021
Everyday Growth SL ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://everyday.app website
         (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of
         Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this
         Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is licensed by TermsFeed Generator to everyday.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the
         Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this
         policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy
         Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at
         https://everyday.app
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable
         information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable
         information may include, but is not limited to, your name ("Personal Information").
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data").
         This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP")
         address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time
         and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Other
everyday stores the email address and the name of those who sign up. everyday
           won't publish nor sell any of this data. everyday uses google analytics on the
           landing page at https://everyday.app to track visits. everyday may use the
           provided email addresses for newsletters or updates on the application. There will
           always be the option to opt out of this kind of emails. everyday will enforce the
           privacy of the data introduced in the application.
EverydayCheck runs on dedicated servers that only I have access to. Wherever possible,
           the site uses SSL. My goal is to have the site be SSL by default as soon as practicable.
           I do not share individual user data with third parties under any circumstances. The site
           will never show ads. The site keeps third party content to the bare minimum, google
           analytics on certai public pages, fonts and payment buttons. Google Analytics scripts
           are not served to logged-in users. If you spot a privacy leak, please report it
           discreetly to joan@everyday.app.
Please do not store truly sensitive information on everyday
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique
         identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your
         computer's hard drive.
We use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all
         cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept
         cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to
         provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist
         us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these
         tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no
         method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
         While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information,
         we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on
         a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise
         you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies
         or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
         If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with
         Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a Children under 13 has
         provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers
         immediately.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by
         posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to
         this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Start doing it every day!
Everyday is free.
Forever.
Name
Email
Password
By signing up you are accepting everyday's
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy.
Sign up