Support
Swapna Puramsetty
Terms & Conditions
By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to .
is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.
The Health & Fitness / Games app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the Health & Fitness / Games app won’t work properly or at all.
You should be aware that there are certain things that  will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but  cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.
If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.
Along the same lines,  cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service,  cannot accept responsibility
With respect to ’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you.  accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.
At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android & iOS – the requirements for both systems(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app.  does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android & iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.
Changes to This Terms and Conditions
I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
                                          this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting
                                          the new Terms and Conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
                                          this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact
                                          me.
Privacy Policy
built the Health & Fitness / Games app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by  at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and
                                          disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation
                                          to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the
                                          Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
                                          in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible
                                          at Health & Fitness / Games unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
INTEREST-BASED ADS
We promote our Apps and games in our own. we additionally enable our partners to advertise and promote their products and enterprises in our Apps. We may share data we gather from you to our advertising partners and they can reuse such information for targeted promoting. We or our advertising partners may show interest based, or retargeted, advertisements (''IBA''), however just for the device IDs that have passed the age gate and have not opted out of IBA. By utilizing our Apps and not picking one of the quit choices, you give us agree to move your information as expressed beneath.
Advertisers may pick their audience by area, demographics, likes, catchphrases, age and sexual orientation, interests, practices, associations and some other data Facebook gets or construes about users. We help out a few providers of IBA that are recorded thus in subsection
a) and in Opt-Out Section of this Privacy Policy (''Third Parties''). While enabling Third Parties to lead IBA
You have a choice to opt out from sharing your data and information for the purposes of interest-based advertising. At the point when you opt out, you will not stop receiving ads,
they just won't be founded on themes you like, your interest, behavior, demographics, and so on. You can opt out by picking one of the accompanying alternatives (for more data please read the ''Opt Out'' Section of our Privacy Policy):
a) Via third party IBA provider:
MoPub
http://www.mopub.com/optout/;
Facebook Audience Network
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update?ref=old_policy;
Facebook Ad Campaigns
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update?ref=old_policy
InMobi
http://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/;
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/optout;
Google
(Adx) https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html;
Google
(AdMob) https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html;
Vungle
https://vungle.com/opt-out/;
AdColony
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/#targetingchoices;
Apple
(Search Ads) https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074;
Google
(Ad Words) https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en;
Chartboost
www.chartboost.com/useroptout;
ironSource
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/#how-to-control-your-info;
Fyber Monetization Ltd
. https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/#user-choice;
If you choose to opt out by following one of the third party IBA provider’s opt out mechanism, you should stop receiving interest-based and targeted ads via the selected IBA provider, but you may continue to receive interest-based or targeted ads through other IBA providers. For opting out from receiving interest-based or targeted ads through all IBA providers, please see opt out options b) and c) below.
b) Via “Do Not Track Settings” in mobile phone:
Turn on “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOS device or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on your Android device.
ABOUT US AND THIS PRIVACY POLICY
As used in this Privacy Policy, "
Perfect gym
", “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”, “
ours
” refers to
Perfect gym
This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated by reference into the End User License Agreement (the “EULA”) governing the use of all "Siima" branded software applications and games (the “Apps/games”), which may operate on any type of computing device (including without limitation, a mobile device), and applies to your use of the App. This Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store information received about you and/or information received about your computing device through your use of the Apps and Games.
By using our Apps you specifically consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information (including personal information) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may receive and/or you may be asked to provide your information (including personal information) any time you are in contact with us or use the Applications. As described in greater detail below, we may share this information (including personal information) with our affiliates and with third party partners (as defined below) and use it in ways consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may also use your information (including personal information) together with other information to provide and improve products, services, content, and advertising.
INFORMATION AND DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU
1. Technical Information And Data
We collect technical data necessary for you to use our App and additional technical data that enables us to maintain and analyze the functioning of the App, to personalize the content of the App, and to display advertisements.
We automatically obtain certain information about your computing device, including:
IP address; Country code;
IDFAs, IDFVs, Advertising IDs;
Language; Locale (specific location where a given language is spoken);
Time zone, session start/stop time,
Network status (WiFi, etc.), browser plug-in types and versions;
User agent string (UA), platform, SDK version, timestamp;
Technical device information (e.g. device model and name, operating system name and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware, software, mobile phone carrier, Internet service provider, API key identifier for application, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) on Android, Android ID, Android Serial No);
Push notifications token;
Player identifier string (we collect player identifier string only upon your sign in to Google Play Games Services or Apple's Game Center).
In addition, for users of Android devices we create a unique user ID and for users of iOS devices we use IDFVs to track your use of our Apps.
Older versions of our Apps/Games may still obtain information such as UDID number and IMEI number on iOS. If you wish to prevent this, please update the App with the latest version available on App Store.
2. Notifications
We use  notifications to remind you about your activities within the App. You will receive  notifications only
For the restriction on the usage of information please see ‘Children's Privacy’ Section of this Privacy Policy.
HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We cannot provide all services necessary for the successful operation of the Apps/Games by ourselves. We must therefore share collected information with third parties, including analytics providers, tracking providers, third party advertising providers and other third party service providers that support the Apps/Games (collectively referred to as “Partners”).
HOW OUR PARTNERS MAY USE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to adhere to the generally accepted industry practices regarding the collection and the usage of information by our Partners and to limit their usage to the services they provide for us. They adhere to this Privacy Policy, but in some cases we must use their privacy policies.
We strive to commit our Partners to using the information solely for the purposes as stated in this Privacy Policy. Notwithstanding the above, we cannot guarantee that our Partners will adhere to the contractual obligations or acceptable business practices. While we strive to protect the information provided to our Partners, we have no direct control over their use of the collected information and therefore you acknowledge that we are not liable for any third party privacy breach and that our liability for our Partner breaches is limited to the amount we are able to receive as indemnification from our Partners (legal costs exempted).
Some of the Apps/Games allow you to submit content generated in or by the Apps/Games to third party sites like Facebook, Google Play Games, Game Center and YouTube. These submissions follow the information transfer protocols of such third parties, which are designed to enable content sharing with such third parties.
ADVERTISING
When you use our Apps/Games we may display contextual advertisements to you. In order to enable advertising we allow our advertising partners to collect online identifiers (such as Advertising ID on Android and IDFA on iOS) that might be considered as personal information under some legislations, but they should use it solely for the purposes of contextual advertising. For any other purposes they should use the information solely on anonymized and aggregated basis.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We consider ourselves to be family oriented, however we have decided to voluntarily implement higher child protection standards even though our products and services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13, with the sole exception of persistent identifiers as described below. If we learn that we have collected personal information other than persistent identifier of a child under the age of 13, we will take all reasonable steps to delete the information as soon as possible. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at
Swapna Puramsetty
In order to preserve the family-friendly reputation of our Apps/Games, we age-gated some of the features in our Apps/Games, so that they are not available for use by children under 13. The age gate is being conducted after the download of some of our Apps/Games for specific territories in order to assure the privacy and protection of younger users of our Apps. The features enabling potential collection and sharing of personally identifiable information, with the exception of persistent identifiers, are disabled for device IDs of users who did not pass the age gate. For user’s safety, it is not possible to change the age later on. We do not store the year of birth of users who have identified themselves as below the age of 13 in our Apps/Games, but only the information that their device ID did not pass the age gate.
The only personal information we collect from users who have identified themselves as below the age of 13 for the purposes of offering our services are persistent identifiers (such as device ID, IDFA, IDFV, advertising ID, IP address). Such persistent identifiers are used and shared with third parties solely for providing support for the internal operations meaning to place contextual advertisement (including frequency capping), to authenticate users of or personalize the content on Apps/Games, to maintain or analyze the functioning of the Apps/Games, personalize the content of the App (such as sending push notifications), to perform network communications to protect the security or integrity of the user or the App, to ensure legal or regulatory compliance.
OPT-OUT
Opting Out of IBA:
For MoPub Ads please visit http://www.mopub.com/optout/;
For FB Ads please visit https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads;
For InMobi Ads please visit http://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/;
For Google (Adx) please visit https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html;
For Google (AdMob) please visit https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html;
For AppLovin please visit https://www.applovin.com/optout;
For Vungle please visit https://vungle.com/opt-out/;
For AdColony please visit https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/#targetingchoices;
For Apple (Search Ads) please visit https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074;
For Google (Ad Words) please visit https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en;
For Chartboost please visit www.chartboost.com/useroptout;
For Motive Interactive please visit http://motiveinteractive.com/privacy#opt-out;
For ironSource please visit https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/#how-to-control-your-info.
For Fyber Monetization Ltd. please visit https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/#user-choice.
If you choose to opt out by following one of the third party IBA provider’s opt out mechanisms, you should stop receiving ads based on your interest via the selected third party IBA provider, but you may continue to receive interest-based or targeted ads via other IBA providers. For opting out from receiving interest-based or targeted ads through all IBA providers, please see opt out options 2. and 3. below.
2. Via “Do Not Track Settings” in mobile phone
If you choose to opt out via “Do Not Track Settings” in your mobile phone all providers of advertising services are bound to comply with such “Do Not Track” setting, but we cannot provide any guarantees on their behalf. If you choose the opt-out option available via our Apps, we will not share your advertising ID with advertisers for the purposes of IBA. We provide no guarantees regarding the information provided prior to opting out. Some providers may have additional opt-out mechanisms implemented.
If you turn on “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOS device or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on your Android device, you can restore interest-based ads by turning the settings off. When you opt out, you may still see the same number of ads on your mobile device; however, these ads may be less relevant because they won’t be based on your interests. Our advertising partners may continue to serve you ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related to the content of the application you are using.
Your iOS or Android mobile device may provide a “Limit Ad Tracking” or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising” setting. When you have opted out using this setting on a device, our partners will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests, or to serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can find the setting for your mobile device by following the directions below, or contact your device provider.
The reason for switching from device IDs to Advertising Identifier is that advertisers are able to use this identifier only for advertising and for no other purpose, while users can choose to opt out of tracking via the settings of mobile phone. Advertising Identifier is an anonymous identifier for advertising purposes which enables users to reset their identifier or opt out of interest-based ads. The parties participating in advertising are obligated to follow users’ choice for opting out of tracking according to the app store guidelines.
IOS DEVICE
iOS 7 or Higher
Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting
iOS 6
Go to your Settings > Select General > Select About > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ads Tracking” setting
More information about the iOS setting can be found here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
ANDROID DEVICE
For Android devices with OS 2.2 and up and Google Play Services version 4.0 and up:
Open your Google Settings app > Ads > Enable “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising”
IN-APP PURCHASES
Our Apps/Games enable in-app purchases. We do not process payments for in-app purchases nor have access to your credit card information. Payment transactions for in-app purchases are completed through the app store via your app store account. Any post-purchase processes are controlled by the app store and are subject to specific terms of such app store.
ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
We make good faith efforts to provide you with access to the personal information you provide to us (information associated with your account). You can also request that we correct or delete information, provided that we are not required to retain such information by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Access, correction or deletion requests regarding your personal information may be submitted to
Swapna Puramsetty
DELETION OF INFORMATION
When information is no longer needed, we shall delete it using reasonable measures to protect the information from unauthorized access or use.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users, furnish current information, and respond to legal and technical changes.
PRIVACY QUESTIONS
If you have questions or concerns about Perfect Gym Privacy Policy or information processing, please contact us through
Swapna Puramsetty