This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which JSplash collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the
http://www.jsplash.com
website ("Site") and associated products including mobile and web applications. This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by JSplash.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
We collect or share your location only with permission
In serving you, we may use or store your precise geographic location, if you give us permission to do so. We do not use or share this data for any other purpose. Many devices will indicate through an icon when location services are operating. We only share this location information with others as approved by you.
How we use collected information
JSplash collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service - Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To send periodic emails - The email address Users provide will only be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Ad companies collect anonymous data. You can opt out.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
AdMob (Google)
AdMob knows performance mobile advertising. As one of the largest performance mobile ad networks worldwide, AdMob offers performance advertisers sophisticated targeting capabilities and low-cost customer acquisition with measurable return on investment.
Privacy Policy and Choices
Service providers access data on our behalf.
In order to serve you, we may share your personal and anonymous information with other companies, including vendors and contractors. Their use of information is limited to these purposes, and subject to agreements that require them to keep the information confidential. Our vendors provide assurance that they take reasonable steps to safeguard the data they hold on our behalf, although data security cannot be guaranteed.
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. Click to see company privacy policies that govern their use of data.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so they can improve it. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors.
Privacy Policy and Choices
We take steps to protect personal information
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
Special situations may require disclosure of your data.
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on April 10, 2018. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application. If the change materially affects registered users, we will send a notice to you by email, push notification or text.
Changes to this privacy policy
JSplash has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Phone: +1 206 569 5516
Emaill: app
...
@jsplash.com
This document was last updated on April 10, 2018.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en&ref_topic=2745287:
Skip to main content
Policies
AdMob policies and restrictions
Next: AdSense Program policies
Publishers who wish to participate in AdMob must comply with our online
AdSense Program policies
.
All publishers are required to adhere to the following policies, so please read them carefully. If you fail to comply with these policies without permission from Google, we reserve the right to disable ad serving to your app and/or disable your AdMob account at any time. If your account is disabled, you will not be eligible for further participation in the AdSense and/or AdMob program(s).
Content policies and restrictions
Behavioral policies
Google Publisher Policies
Google Publisher Restrictions
User-generated content
Exceptions to AdSense policies
Invalid clicks and impressions
Ad placement
Sub-syndication and ad network mediation
App promotion
Personalized advertising
Apps that offer compensation programs
Policies for ads that offer rewards
Invalid activity
Implementation guidance
Invalid activity
How Google prevents invalid activity
How you can prevent invalid activity
Estimated vs. finalized earnings
Implementation guidance
Banner ad guidance
Interstitial ad guidance
AdMob native ads advanced policy compliance guidelines
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Next: AdSense Program policies
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
Policies
1 of 6
Google Publisher Policies
2 of 6
Google Publisher Restrictions
3 of 6
Understand the Google Publisher Policies and Google Publisher Restrictions
4 of 6
Fix policy issues
1 of 7
About the Policy center
2 of 7
Understand policy account warnings and suspensions
3 of 7
Policy notification FAQ
4 of 7
Ad serving limits
5 of 7
Limited ad serving vs. limited ads
6 of 7
How policy enforcements affect mediation and campaigns in AdMob
7 of 7
About Confirmed Click
5 of 6
AdMob & AdSense program policies
1 of 12
AdMob policies and restrictions
2 of 12
AdSense Program policies
3 of 12
App and account appeals
4 of 12
Behavioral policies
5 of 12
Implementation guidance
6 of 12
Ad format specific policies
7 of 12
Families
8 of 12
Invalid activity
9 of 12
Deductions from earnings FAQ
10 of 12
Privacy and security
11 of 12
Advertiser guidelines and policies
12 of 12
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
6 of 6
AdMob policy change log
Show your support to promote DEI in Gaming by turning intentions into action!
Check out the newly launched Diversity in Gaming website, where you can find video stories and written pledges from global gaming developers. This campaign centers on 3 pillars: diverse teams, diverse games and diverse audiences showing how diversity is not just good for gamers, but for business as well. Show your support by taking the pledge to promote DEI in Gaming and share it on social!
Learn More
9035847808310116048
true
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Community
Google AdMob
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
true
true
73175
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support