Fiveamp Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Fiveamp Pivacy Policy
Last Updated: October 12, 2024
General
We are Fiveamp LLC, a company registered in the United States and domiciled in Texas. 
        This Privacy Policy applies to Fiveamp's games, websites and related services, which we here collectively call the
        Service. By using our Service you you acknowledge and consent to the terms of this privacy policy.
We update this notice from time to time so please check back in. 
        Please note that our processing of personal data may differ depending on how you access our Services. 
        For example, when you access our Services via desktop or Steam, we won’t undertake a number of the processing operations listed below. 
        We have included further information on this below.
This Privacy Policy details:
What information (often referred to as ‘data’) is collected from you
How your information is used
With whom your information may be shared
How you can access, update, or delete your information
Data collected automatically.
Data about your game progress
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data inside the Service
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
General location data
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
In most cases, we also create a Fiveamp-specific ID for you when you use the Service.
Data you provide us.
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name and password
Your messages to the Service (such as player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect from our third-party partners on Mobile only.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes
Why do we collect your data
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data
        to
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Provide social features as part of the Service
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you Fiveamp offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
To show personalized advertisements on Mobile.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service. We have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to deliver, 
        target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section 'Your rights and options'
        below.
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment collected data.
Who can see your data
Apart from Fiveamp, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Partners working with Fiveamp.
Fiveamp has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to
        Fiveamp's
        instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud
        prevention.
Other companies and public authorities.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and
        provide
        it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property
        or
        safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game
        advertising. A
        list of these partners is available below, see 'Advertising and Analytics Partners'. These partners may access
        your
        data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn
        more
        about their data processing practices.
Your rights and options
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the
        instructions
        in such communications.
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your
        Android
        or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). For
        more
        information, see 'Advertising and Analytics Partners' below.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and
        restrict
        how we use or share your data.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use
        concern
        that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us.
Cookies and similar technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize
        the
        Service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings,
        but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
How do we protect your data
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing
        administrative,
        technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse
        or
        alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will
        for
        example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our
        legitimate business
        interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Age limits
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to
        anyone
        under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do
        not
        send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No
        one
        under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about
        a
        child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any
        data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Advertising and Analytics Partners
Below you can find a list of Fiveamp's analytics and ad serving partners within our games and fiveamp.com.
        For more information about their privacy practices and opt-out possibilities regarding analytics and targeted
        advertising, please visit the links below. Please note that opt-out options are specific for each browser and device.
Partners:
Amplitude
Privacy Policy
AppLovin
Privacy Policy
Chartboost
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Privacy Policy
Google AdMob
Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
Privacy Policy
IronSource
Privacy Policy
PlayFab
Privacy Policy
Unity
Privacy Policy
Vungle
Privacy Policy
Yodo1
Privacy Policy
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at
https://fiveamp.com/privacy
.
        We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
Contact us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data,
        we encourage you to primarily contact us through our support portal so we can reply to you more quickly.
https://fiveamp.com/support
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 1
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 2
https://chartboost.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269:
Sign in to Chartboost Support
Switch to agent sign-in
Email
Password
Forgot password?
Missing the following required fields:
Sign in
Sub-policy 3
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.google.com/adsense/new/localized-terms:
AdSense Help Center
AdSense Help Center
Sub-policy 5
https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 6
https://www.ironsrc.com/privacy/:
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Accessibility
Popup heading
Close
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Keyboard Navigation
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility menu



en
jp
cn
kr
Platform
Monetization
Marketing
Analytics
Publishing
Products
Unity LevelPlay
Mediation
ironSource Network
Ad network
Tapjoy
Offerwall
Aura
On-device solutions
Supersonic
Publishing
Luna
Cross-channel management
Learn
Community
Blog
Case studies
LevelUp Academy
Knowledge center
Glossary
Company
About
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Log into Tapjoy
Login
Login
Signup
Signup
Customer support
Customer support
ironSource has merged with Unity
Our platform
User growth
Scale up your user base with ROI positive campaigns that connect you to users who are in it for the long-haul
Check out our growth solutions
Check out our growth solutions
Monetization
Increase your app’s ARPDAU and maximize the value of your users with powerful ad mediation and high-impact ad formats
Learn about our monetization solutions
Learn about our monetization solutions
Analytics
Make optimization quicker and easier with analytics that help you better understand your app’s performance from every angle
See the analytics we offer
See the analytics we offer
Creative management
Leverage our creative production tools to boost your creative performance and delight your users
Check out our creative firepower
Check out our creative firepower
Publishing
Take your games to the top of the charts – and stay there – with our publishing solutions
Get to know our publishing team
Get to know our publishing team
For telecom operators
Aura enables digital transformation for the world’s leading telecom operators and OEMs, allowing them to engage their customers with relevant content, apps, and services across the entire lifecycle of the device
Discover Aura
Discover Aura
Baris Aygoren, Performance Marketing Director at King
“ironSource’s user growth solution not only delivered great ROAS and quality, but also made our internal optimization processes more efficient. ironSource is an integral part of our growth strategy”
View case study
View case study
Scott Koenigsberg, SVP, Head of Product at Zynga
“ironSource has been a key partner for Zynga for several years, and their platform has played an integral role in driving sustainable growth for our titles, from launch through to the long-term”
Rohan Verma, Director of User Acquisition at Calm
“ironSource’s creative management solution has been a major boost for our UA. They’ve been a true partner in helping us optimize performance and leverage data-driven insights to fuel growth”
Mike Brooks, SVP Revenue at Weatherbug
“There are few channels with the strategic positioning, scale, and efficacy that Aura provides, and we’re as excited as ever to continue our multi-year partnership”
Evgeniy Sidorov, Lead Game Producer for Join Clash
“The amazing work that we did together with Supersonic on Join Clash took us all the way to the #2 spot in the US charts while maintaining significant profit along the entire way”
View case study
View case study
Pawel Czartotyjski, Product Marketing Director at Orange
“ironSource Aura enables us to optimize the content experience throughout the life cycle of the device, which translates into a superior user experience for our customers”
The latest from ironSource
Blog
2025 Mobile gaming trends: Unity perspectives
Read more >>
eBook
Understanding the mobile gaming and fast food connection
Read more >>
Podcast
How Tilting Point is unlocking the value of D2C webstores
Read more >>
About ironSource
ironSource is the leading business platform for the app economy. Our mission is to help any app developer turn their app into a scalable, successful business.
Get to know us
Get to know us
Supersonic Studios
One of the most downloaded game publishers in the world, Supersonic’s unique publishing technology is behind 41 top 10 hits
Discover Supersonic
Discover Supersonic
Build your way at ironSource
At ironSource, we don’t just build the code – we all have a hand in building the company, too. Join our growing team to make an impact on millions of users around the world
See our open positions
See our open positions
Learn how ironSource can help you scale your business
Contact us
Contact us
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 8
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 10
https://policy.yodo1.com/website/en/privacy.html:
Yodo1 Privacy Policy
What does this Privacy Policy Cover?
Yodo1 respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your Personal Data. We want to be transparent with you about how we collect and use your Personal Data in making available our games, (“Site”) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how Yodo1 collects and processes your Personal Data through your use of this Site, including any data you may provide through this Site. The Privacy Policy is intended to meet our duties of Transparency under the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”. We will post any modifications or changes to this Privacy Policy on this page.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
IronSource
Firebase Analytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Yodo1 provides advertising services for a range of apps, some of which are primarily targeted at children and their families, and others are intended for users of all ages. Apps targeting both children and older audiences must implement a neutral age screen that does not result in data collection from children.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children as defined and required by applicable laws. On any application where we ask for age and determine whether the user is under 13 years of age or above, Yodo1 advertising services only forward ad requests to third-party Google Play certified ad networks to display ads while avoiding transmitting AAID if the user’s age is under 13 years of age.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA):
Yodo1 advertising services do not collect personal data relating to users under 13 years of age. We will promptly delete the data from our records if we discover that we unintentionally collect or hold personal data relating to such a user. Please contact us if you believe we collect or hold personal data relating to a user under 13 years of age.
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information that is covered by the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act without your required consent, please contact us. We will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with the law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
We do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
What Data We Collect
The type of data we collect depends on the Services you use, and the applicable laws.
Data provided by you
Player name (real or alias)
Contact information (name, email address)
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your in-game messages to the Services (support tickets raised by you and chat logs)
Other information you choose to share (eg. data to identify your lost account)
Data collected automatically
Your game account details and game progress
Your Mobile device identifiers and IP address
You device data like the device name, operating system, and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
Approximate location (as suggested by your IP address)
Your gameplay data and/or interactions with other players inside the Service
Application performance and debugging information
To Offer Services
Create accounts and make it possible for you to use our Service
Verify and confirm payments
Process requests made by you
Data collected from third-parties
We also use third-party partners, such as social networking sites, advertising networks, and data analytics providers, including:
Data made available by you via your privacy settings in third-party services like Facebook, Google, Apple
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud related to refund or advertising
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as purchase data to verify payments)
Additional information (such as data for advertising and analytics purposes) to help improve the services we provide
Why We Collect Your Data?
To Offer Services
Create accounts and make it possible for you to use our Service
Verify and confirm payments
Process the requests made by you
Improve our Services
Maintain and update player profiles
Enable social features in our Services
Enable personalization and customization in our Services
Provide player support
Provide offers within our Services
Communicate with you regarding service updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable communication within the player community
Showing personalized advertisements
Make advertisements relevant to you
Serve, measure, and improve the effectiveness of advertising
How We Protect Your Data
Security Safeguards
Our priority is to provide a safe and transparent gaming environment to our players and in order to do that we ensure that our security system is constantly evolving to meet the highest standard possible. We take all necessary measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or misuse.
Data Retention
Your data will be stored by us, so long as you have an active account. Aged Studio Limited may re-assess unused accounts and de-identify unnecessary data. In case of request for removal of personal data, we will process the same in compliance with the legal obligations. You can request access to the Personal Data we hold on you by emailing
globaldev@yodo1.com
.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
info@yodo1.com
.
Sub-policy 11
https://fiveamp.com/privacy:
Fiveamp Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Fiveamp Pivacy Policy
Last Updated: October 12, 2024
General
We are Fiveamp LLC, a company registered in the United States and domiciled in Texas. 
        This Privacy Policy applies to Fiveamp's games, websites and related services, which we here collectively call the
        Service. By using our Service you you acknowledge and consent to the terms of this privacy policy.
We update this notice from time to time so please check back in. 
        Please note that our processing of personal data may differ depending on how you access our Services. 
        For example, when you access our Services via desktop or Steam, we won’t undertake a number of the processing operations listed below. 
        We have included further information on this below.
This Privacy Policy details:
What information (often referred to as ‘data’) is collected from you
How your information is used
With whom your information may be shared
How you can access, update, or delete your information
Data collected automatically.
Data about your game progress
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data inside the Service
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
General location data
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
In most cases, we also create a Fiveamp-specific ID for you when you use the Service.
Data you provide us.
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name and password
Your messages to the Service (such as player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect from our third-party partners on Mobile only.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes
Why do we collect your data
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data
        to
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Provide social features as part of the Service
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you Fiveamp offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
To show personalized advertisements on Mobile.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service. We have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to deliver, 
        target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section 'Your rights and options'
        below.
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment collected data.
Who can see your data
Apart from Fiveamp, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Partners working with Fiveamp.
Fiveamp has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to
        Fiveamp's
        instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud
        prevention.
Other companies and public authorities.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and
        provide
        it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property
        or
        safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game
        advertising. A
        list of these partners is available below, see 'Advertising and Analytics Partners'. These partners may access
        your
        data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn
        more
        about their data processing practices.
Your rights and options
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the
        instructions
        in such communications.
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your
        Android
        or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). For
        more
        information, see 'Advertising and Analytics Partners' below.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and
        restrict
        how we use or share your data.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use
        concern
        that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us.
Cookies and similar technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize
        the
        Service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings,
        but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
How do we protect your data
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing
        administrative,
        technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse
        or
        alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will
        for
        example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our
        legitimate business
        interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Age limits
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to
        anyone
        under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do
        not
        send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No
        one
        under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about
        a
        child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any
        data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Advertising and Analytics Partners
Below you can find a list of Fiveamp's analytics and ad serving partners within our games and fiveamp.com.
        For more information about their privacy practices and opt-out possibilities regarding analytics and targeted
        advertising, please visit the links below. Please note that opt-out options are specific for each browser and device.
Partners:
Amplitude
Privacy Policy
AppLovin
Privacy Policy
Chartboost
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Privacy Policy
Google AdMob
Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
Privacy Policy
IronSource
Privacy Policy
PlayFab
Privacy Policy
Unity
Privacy Policy
Vungle
Privacy Policy
Yodo1
Privacy Policy
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at
https://fiveamp.com/privacy
.
        We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
Contact us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data,
        we encourage you to primarily contact us through our support portal so we can reply to you more quickly.
https://fiveamp.com/support