META FLOW LTD.
Privacy Policy
Last Revised:                2025-03-02 12:20:35
Meta Flow Ltd. d/b/a Lumen (“
Meta Flow
,” “
Company
,” “
we
” or “
us
”) is committed to protect the privacy of the users of our website located at lumen.me (the “
Website
”) and of the users of the Lumen device (the “
Lumen Device
”) and of the services we provide in connection with use of the Lumen Device through the Lumen mobile application (respectively: “
User(s)
” or “
you
”; the “
Lumen Services
” and the “
Lumen App
”), in compliance with applicable privacy and personal data laws and regulations. The Website, the Lumen Device, the Lumen Services and the Lumen App shall be together referred to hereunder as the “
Services
”.
This Privacy Policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) is intended to describe our practices regarding the information we may collect from you when you use the Services, the ways in which we may use such information, and the options and rights available to you. This Privacy Policy supplements and should be read in conjunction with our
Terms of Use
(the “
TOU
”), which provides additional information on the Services. Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our TOU or in applicable privacy and personal data laws and regulations.
1. Types of Information we collect from our Users and how we collect It
Personal Information
, information that identifies an individual or may, with reasonable effort, identify an individual, either alone or in combination with other information, all unless anonymized. The Collection of Personal Information varies dependent on the Services that you use, according to the specification below:
1.
Personal information you provide us when you use our Services
. Generally, this category refers to Personal Information you actively and voluntarily create or provide through our Services such as:
Contact information
: such as your name, email, physical address, birthdate, username or telephone number that you provide through the Services when you fill out an online form or register for an account with us or when you update your account details. If you choose to log in, access or otherwise connect to the Services through a third-party service (such as Apple, Google, etc.), we collect your user ID and username associated with that service, as well as any information you make public using that service or that the service allows us to access.
Payment Information
: Information you provide during a transaction you perform through the Services, or other transaction-based content that you generate related to such transaction. For example, if you pay with a credit card or bank transfer, we will collect your card information or bank account details.
Health-related information
: information you provide us in the scope of your use of the Lumen Services and corresponds to a measurement of your physical/mental objective and/or subjective state and nutrition data, such as height, weight, sleep habits, food, caffeine and water intake, heart rate, breath data, real-time assessment of carbohydrate availability and metabolic fuel use as measured via use of the Lumen Device and through the Lumen App, daily diet, exercise routine, emotional and mental state, perceived sense of viability, as well as ongoing feedback that you provide us regarding your satisfaction from the diet plans, the difficulty to follow-up with the plans, as well as body activity data, such as types of exercise, number of steps, speed and distance and any Personal Information we derive from such information. More information about how we collect and use your health-related information can be found in our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
.
Shipping information
: Shipping, delivery, postage, billing, and other information used to transact and deliver through the Services, as well as, where applicable, information required to clear customs (such as Tax ID or other identification numbers).
Communication information
: the contents of your interaction with our customer support or sales departments, which may include text/video/audio recordings, and transcripts of such communications including information you enter in our “Contact Us” online form or any similar input.
Lumen community
: Our community feature ("Lumen Community") allows you to share information, photos, and videos ("Content") and interact with other members of the Lumen Community and the Content they share. If you participate in the Lumen Community, we will collect the Content you share as well as information about your interactions with other community members and the Content they share.
2.
Personal information we collect automatically when you use our Services
. In other words, we are aware of your usage of the Services and Website and may gather, collect and record the information relating to such usage, including by using our third party service providers as detailed in Section 5 (sharing information with third parties) below, and by using “cookies” and other tracking technologies, as further detailed in Section 9 (Local Storage and Third Party Software/Service, Cookies and other Tracking Technology) below. We collect information about your interaction with and use of our Services, including in certain cases about your impressions of and reactions to our advertisements, and information related to our communications with you. This is the information we receive from devices (including mobile devices) and software you use when you access our Services. This information could include the following: mobile device geo-location, mobile devices motion, Device ID or unique identifier, device type, ID for advertising, unique device token, operating system, information regarding your clicks and “clicks stream”, views and engagement with our advertisement and Services, information concerning your traffic to and from the Website, your referral URL to and from our Website, ad data, your IP address, your web login information, and location information as can be derived from your IP address. We collect and process Personal Information that is derived from other Personal Information we collect or obtain from you. This means that we process Personal Information in order to provide you with the output of our Lumen Services such as recommendations, suggested analysis, and other insights we may offer through the use of the Lumen Services. Please take into consideration that certain portions of such above mentioned information may also be collected from your device or software, when the Lumen App is running in the background, i.e., when it has been launched but not used. Please keep in mind - that most mobile devices and auxiliary software, allow you to control or disable the use of certain collectible information including location services, by any application, in the device's settings menu.
3.
Personal information collected from third parties.
When using the Lumen Services, you may choose to connect your Account with certain other third party accounts you hold with such third party applications and platforms (such as Apple Health Kit, Android Fit, etc.), and thereby providing us with access to information available on such accounts. To the extent that information is linked or connected to your identity, we will treat that information as your Personal Information.
4.
Social Media
- We allow you to share information with social platforms or use social platforms to create your Account or to connect your Account with the respective social platforms. Those social platforms may give us automatic access to certain Personal Information retained by them about you (e.g., content viewed by you, content liked by you, your public profile, other profiles you are associated with, and information about the advertisements you have been shown or have clicked on, etc.). You control the Personal Information you allow us to have access to through the privacy settings on the applicable social platforms and the permissions you give us when you grant us access to the Personal Information retained by the respective social platforms about you. We may also collect Personal Information concerning you, from third parties who have assured us that they have obtained your consent for such provision of information or that you have freely and publicly provided and those third parties have established an adequate legal basis for the processing and sharing of such information. For example, we may collect and use demographic and other information that is publicly available in an applicable jurisdiction, additional contact information, as allowed by applicable national laws. By associating your Account with your social platform account or other third party accounts and authorizing us to have access to information maintained by such third party accounts, you agree that we can collect, use and retain such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
‍Non-personal Information -
non-identifying and without reference to the identity of any User, such as technical data that is necessary for the performance of the Services, for example, app analytics, taps and inputs, Wi-Fi network information, operating system, mobile device type, Lumen Device technical information, browser and keyboard language, the 'click-stream' and activities on the Services, and the period of time the Services were used and related timestamps.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, we will treat any User Personal Information that is anonymized and deidentified in a way that such User can no longer be personally identified as Non-personal Information and may use or share this information in aggregated form for statistical, research or other lawful purposes.
For the avoidance of doubt, we will treat any Non-personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
2. The Purposes and Legal Basis of the Processing of Information
Legal Basis for processing
: We process your Personal Information, which is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, based at least on one of the following legal grounds:
In Performing an agreement with you
: We process your Personal Information in order to provide you with the Services, following your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and pursuant to the TOU; and to personalize the Services in order for you to get a better user experience.
With your consent:
When required, we may ask for your consent and approval to collect and process certain Personal Information for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Legitimate interest or compliance with legal obligations:
We process your Personal Information for our legitimate interests while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy and provided that such processing will not prejudice your interests, fundamental rights, and freedom. This means that we process your information for things like detecting, preventing, or otherwise addressing fraud, abuse, security, usability, functionality, or technical issues with our Services, protecting against harm to the rights, property, or safety of our properties, or our users, or the public as required or permitted by law; enforcing legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of this Privacy Policy; defending a legal claim made by you or on your behalf against us, in order to comply and/or fulfill our obligation under applicable laws, regulation, guidelines, industry standards, and contractual requirements, legal process, subpoena or governmental request, as well as our TOU. We may also use Personal Information to develop new services and features for our Users. Additional examples of us processing your Personal Information in accordance with legitimate interests would include: (i) where we disclose your Personal Information to any one or more of our associate/subsidiary companies following a restructure or for internal administrative purposes; or (ii) sharing Personal Information with our advisers and professional services providers (such as auditors).
Purpose of use.
We may use the Personal Information that we collect about you for the following purposes:
To provide, operate and improve the Services.
To verify the identity of our Users
To personalize the Services and content provided to you, to customize and improve your use experience of the Services, and to enable you to retrieve your information.
To be able to contact Users for the purpose of providing them with technical assistance, support, handle requests and complaints and collect feedback
To send you updates, notices, notifications, and additional communications regarding the Services.
To study and analyze the information on an aggregated, statistical basis to discover patterns and anomalies, to study complications and treatment methods and improvements, and other health related research and development.
To enable us to further develop, customize and improve the Services based on Users’ common preferences, uses, third party services, features and functionalities, statistical and research purposes, attributes and anonymized data etc.
To prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
To display or send to you marketing and advertising material and general and personalized content and advertisement via the Services, the Website, email, postal mail, telephone, mobile devices and/or when you visit other sites.
To perform functions or services as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
To comply with any applicable rule or regulation, to protect our legal interests and/or respond to or defend against (actual or potential) legal proceedings against us or our affiliates.
We may also collect, use and disclose your Personal Information for other purposes with your consent or authorization or as otherwise permitted by law.
3. Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may share, disclose or otherwise allow access to any Personal Information we collect third parties, as described below:
a.
Advertising Partners:
We may share certain data with advertising partners (such as AppLovin) to enhance your experience, provide personalized advertising, and improve our services. The information shared may include usage data, device identifiers, and any other information that helps us run and optimize our services. AppLovin and similar partners use this information in accordance with their respective privacy policies, to serve targeted advertisements, measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, and improve user experience. For more information about AppLovin's collection and use of your information, visit:
http://www.applovin.com/privacy/
b. Law enforcement, legal proceedings, protecting rights and safety and as authorized by law:
We may disclose Personal Information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena, or governmental request. We may also share Personal Information to enforce this Privacy Policy and/or the TOU, including investigation of potential violations thereof; to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security ,or technical issues; to respond to claims that any content available on the Services or the Website violates the rights of third-parties; or otherwise if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Meta Flow, any of our Users, or any member of the general public.
c. Our Affiliated Companies:
We may share Personal Information internally with our affiliated companies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, when we or any of our affiliated companies is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition, or purchase of all or substantially all of its assets, we may share Personal Information with the parties involved in such event. If we believe that such change in control might materially affect your Personal Information then stored with us, we will notify you of this event and the choices you may have via e-mail and/or prominent notice on our Website or Services.
d. Third Party Service Providers:
We are partnering with several selected service providers, whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own. Such third party service providers may have access to, or process on our behalf Personal Information that we collect, hold, use, analyze, process and/or manage. These Service Providers include hosting, database, and server co-location services, payment processors, data analytics services, session replay records for app analytic purposes such as crashes, functionality and usability, and our business, legal and financial advisors. We remain responsible for any Personal Information processing done by Third Party Service Providers on our behalf not in accordance with the terms hereof, except for events outside of its reasonable control and except for such Third Party Service Providers with whom you have a direct contractual relationship.
e. Your known health care providers, care management services or health care payers.
In some instances, we will be working with you in conjunction with your own health care providers, care management services, or healthcare payers (insurance companies) (any such party is one of “
Your Health Service Providers
”). To the extent your relationship with us originates from one of Your Service Providers, we may provide your Personal Information to that party for its use in connection to the services it provides to you. Any Personal Information we provide back to Your Health Service Providers will be subject to Your Service Providers own privacy policies and practices, and you should confer with Your Health Service Providers if you have any questions regarding their own usage and treatment of your Personal Information.
f. Lumen Community members.
If you participate in the Lumen Community, other people who are also logged-in to the Lumen Community will be able to see you some details which you agreed to be public such as your username and profile picture. In addition, other Lumen community members are able to see any Content shared by you in the Lumen Community.
In the 12 preceding months, we have collected and/or disclosed the following categories of Personal Information:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Personal Information Collected
Categories of recipients to whom Personal Information was disclosed
Identifiers
Full name, username, email address, postal address, telephone number, birthdate social media identifier, IP address, device identifiers, tax ID.
Service providers
Affiliated companies
Your Health Service Providers
Lumen Community members
Commercial information
Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Payment information such as Credit card or bank account numbers and billing information.
Service providers
Affiliated companies
Your Health Service Providers
Health-related information
Information that corresponds to a measurement of your physical/mental objective and/or subjective state and nutrition data, such as height, weight, sleep habits, food, caffeine and water intake, heart rate, breath data, real-time assessment of carbohydrate availability and metabolic fuel use as measured via use of the Lumen Device and through the Lumen App, daily diet, exercise routine, emotional and mental state, perceived sense of viability, as well as ongoing feedback that you provide us regarding your satisfaction from the diet plans, the difficulty to follow-up with the plans, as well as body activity data, such as types of exercise, number of steps, speed and distance and any Personal Information we derive from such information.
Service providers
Affiliated companies
Your Health Service Providers
Lumen Community members
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Search history, information on your interactions with our Website, Lumen App or advertisements, including taps and inputs, device motion, Wi-Fi network information, Lumen Device technical information, browser and keyboard language, the 'click-stream' and activities on the Services, and the period of time the Services were used and related timestamps.
Service providers
Affiliated companies
Geolocation data
Physical location or movements, including the location or movements of your device.
Service providers
Affiliated companies
Audio and visual information
Pictures you may have uploaded to our Services and recorded customer services calls.
Service providers
Affiliated companies
Lumen Community members
Inferences drawn from other Personal Information
Information to create consumer profiles reflecting certain preferences and behaviors and customized content/offerings.
Service providers
Affiliated companies
In the 12 preceding months, we have collected Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
Consumer directly.
Your Lumen Device when using it.
Your mobile device and web browser when accessing our mobile app or Website
Third party applications and platforms (including social media) you chose to connect your Lumen account with.
Your Health Service Providers, to the extent your relationship with us originates from one of them.
Drawn from other information we collect.
We do not Sell or Share your Personal Information.
4. Storage, Transfer and Retention of your Information
Information regarding the Users will be maintained, processed, and stored by us and our authorized affiliates and service providers in the United States, EU and in Israel, and as necessary, in secured cloud storage provided by our third party service providers. While the data protection laws in the above jurisdictions may be different from the laws of your residence or location, please know that we, our affiliates and our service providers that store or process your Personal Information on our behalf are each committed to keeping it protected and secured, pursuant to this Privacy Policy and industry standards, regardless of any lesser legal requirements that may apply in their jurisdictions.
Specifically, if you reside in the EU or the UK, each of our Third Party Service Providers who stores or processes your Personal Information outside the EEA or the UK, either: (i) assured us, including through contractual means, that it provides adequate safeguards to protect your rights to privacy; or (ii) holds and processes such information on our behalf in a jurisdiction which has been determined to ensure an adequate level protection by the EU Commission or the UK government. We retain the Personal Information we collect only for as long as legitimately needed and to the extent required for the achievement of the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy. We then either delete the information from our systems or anonymize it without further notice to you. Unless you notify us of your request to delete your Account, we may maintain your inactive Account including all data and reports therein, in order to allow you to reactivate the Account if you choose to renew your Subscription at a later stage.
5. Your Data Subject Rights
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may have certain rights under relevant applicable laws regarding the collection and processing of your Personal Data. To the extent these rights apply and concern you, you can contact us via the contact details available below and ask to exercise the following rights:
Receive confirmation as to whether or not Personal Information concerning you is being processed, and access your stored Personal Information, together with certain supplementary information.
Receive Personal Information you directly volunteer to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Request rectification of your Personal Information that is in our control.
Request erasure of your Personal Information.
Object to the processing of Personal Information by us.
Request to restrict processing of your Personal Information by us.
Not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects or similarly significantly effects to you.
Ask to withdraw any consent you have previously provided us in connection with our use and processing of your Personal Information.
Limit the collection of your sensitive Personal Data, to that use which is necessary to perform our Services.
Receive equal service and price and not be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights.
However,  please note that these rights are not absolute, and may be subject to our own legitimate interests and regulatory requirements. Also, the exercise of some of these rights may make it impossible for us to continue to provide you with some or all of our Services.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights or raise a complaint on how we have handled your Personal Information, please contact us at:
support@lumen.me
. When handling these requests, we may ask for additional information to confirm your identity and your request. Please note, upon request to delete your Personal Information, we may retain such data in whole or in part to comply with any applicable rule or regulation and/or response or defend against legal proceedings versus us or our affiliates, or as we are otherwise permitted under such law applicable to you. If you have additional concerns, you can also lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
You can use an authorized agent to make a request to exercise your rights on your behalf if:
The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity; and
You sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right, please provide us with a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf using the contact information below.
The request must:
Provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized agent. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Data relates to you; and
Describe your request with sufficient details to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
6. Minors
To open an Account on our Services, you must be over the age of 18. Without relieving you of your responsibility to comply with the TOU and the terms hereof we reserve the right (without obligation) to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that persons under the age of 18 are not using our Services. In the event that it comes to our knowledge that a person under the age of 18 is using our Services, we will prohibit and block such User from accessing our Services and will make all efforts to promptly delete any Personal Information (as such term is defined in herein) with regard to such User.
7. Cookies
We use cookies and other technologies in our related services, including when you visit our site or access our Services.
A "cookie" is a small piece of information that a website assigns to your device while you are viewing a website. Cookies are very helpful and can be used for various different purposes. These purposes include allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, enable automatic activation of certain features, remembering your preferences and making the interaction between you and our Services quicker and easier. Cookies are also used to help ensure that the advertisements you see are relevant to you and your interests and to compile statistical data on your use of our Services.
Our website and mobile app use cookies in order to provide you with Services, identify you for repeat visits, (for example to allow us to store your preferences for the next sign-in), and monitor and analyze our web access.
You may remove the cookies by following the instructions of your device preferences; You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org; however, if you choose to disable cookies, some features of our Service may not operate properly and your online experience may be limited.
8. Direct Marketing
Subject to the applicable laws in your jurisdiction, we or our affiliated representatives may send you promotional content or messages by e-mail, marketing calls, and similar forms of communication. If you wish not to receive such promotional messages or calls, you may inform us by sending a written notice by email to the following address:
support@lumen.me
or by pressing the “Unsubscribe” link contained in the promotional communications you receive. Please note that we may also contact you with important information regarding your use of our Services and/or Website. For example, we may notify you (through any of the means available to us) of changes or updates to our Services, payment issues, service maintenance, etc. You will not be able to opt-out of receiving such service messages.
9. How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect Personal and Health Information we obtain through our Services against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. Our Services, or parts thereof, are hosted using data hosts, which provide advanced security features. We employ industry standard security procedures, including secured transmission protocols, SSL and advanced authentication.
However, we do not and cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will ever occur. We urge you to use the strongest password combination available on your mobile device and employ reasonable physical security means to protect unauthorized access. To the extent your local jurisdiction’s laws require us to notify you or local authorities of any breach of the security of your Personal Information, we will comply with such laws.
10. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. The most current version will always be posted through our Services (as reflected in the “Last Revised” heading). You are advised to check for updates regularly. By continuing to access or use our Services after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the updated Policy.
11. Have Any Questions?
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are welcome to send us an email at:
support@lumen.me
and we will try to reply within a reasonable timeframe.
Meta Flow Ltd.
Address: 30 Ha’arba’a Street, Tel Aviv, Israel.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - European Representative
Pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR, we have appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as our GDPR Representative in the EU. You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR:
-by using EDPO’s online request form:
https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/
-by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium.
UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative
Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, we have appointed EDPO UK Ltd as our UK GDPR representative in the UK. You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR:
-by using EDPO’s online request form:
https://edpo.com/uk-gdpr-data-request
-by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom.
By contacting us, you warrant and agree that you are free to do so, and that you do not provide us with information that violates any third-party intellectual rights (the “Information”). Without derogating from the aforesaid, all rights, including intellectual property rights, arising from your communication with us will be owned by Meta Flow and will be considered as our confidential material. It is clarified that any use of the Information will be at our sole discretion, and we are not obligated to use all or any part of such Information.
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
Privacy Policy
.
Use the “GOT IT” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
GOT IT
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.lumen.me/consumer-health-privacy-policy:
META FLOW LTD.
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
Last Revised:                2024-09-03 08:59:52
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) supplements our
General Privacy Policy
and explains how we collect, use and disclose personal information that falls within the definition of Consumer Health Data under applicable U.S. state laws including Washington's My Health My Data Act and Nevada's Consumer Health Data Privacy Law.
The term “Consumer Health Data” in this Policy, means personal information that is linked or reasonably linkable to you and that identifies your past, present, or future physical or mental health status, as defined by Washington's My Health My Data Act and Nevada's Consumer Health Data Privacy Law. Consumer Health Data does not include, among other things, data that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, an identified or identifiable individual, or a device linked to such an individual.
Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our General Privacy Policy.
1. Categories of Consumer Health Data We Collect
We may collect the following categories of Consumer Health Data:
Individual health condition, including information about your bodily functions, diseases, symptoms, status, diagnoses, testing, treatments or measurements
such as:
Your physical objective and/or subjective state and nutrition data, including height, weight, sleep habits, food, caffeine and water intake, heart rate, breath data, perceived sense of viability, real-time assessment of carbohydrate availability and metabolic fuel use as measured via use of the Lumen Device and through the Lumen App or Website.
Information regarding your health-related habits such as daily diet, exercise routine as well as ongoing feedbacks that you provide us regarding your ‎satisfaction from the health habits, the difficulty to follow-up with the ‎habits, etc.
Body activity data, such as types of exercise, number of steps, speed and distance.
Self-reported Information about physiological, behavioral, and ‎biological characteristics‎.
Data that identifies a consumer seeking health care services
. for instance, if your Lumen Device was provided to you by your healthcare provider or clinic, we will collect the fact that you received healthcare services from that specific healthcare provider or clinic.
Information we may collect via automated means or derive about you
, which could include any information that we, or one of our processors, processes to associate or identify you with the data described above that is derived or extrapolated from non- health information. Such information may include your device and browser information, activities and usage data about your use of our Services, location information derived from your IP address or your mobile device, your online activity through cookies and similar technologies.
Any other Consumer Health Data you choose to share with us, including, but not limited to, information about health-related surgeries or procedures, and biometric data.
2. How We Use Consumer Health Data
We collect, use and disclose Consumer Health Data as reasonably necessary to provide you with the products and services you have requested. This may include:
Providing, operating and improving our Services;
Personalizing the Services and content provided to you, customizing and improving your use experience of the Services;
Studying and analyzing the information on an aggregated, statistical basis to discover patterns and anomalies, to study complications and treatment methods and improvements, and other health related research and development;
Sending you updates, notices, notifications, and additional communications regarding the Services;
Complying with any applicable rule or regulation, protecting our legal interests and/or responding to or defending against (actual or potential) legal proceedings against us or our affiliates.
We may also collect, use and disclose Consumer Health Data for other purposes with your consent or authorization or as otherwise permitted by law.
3. Sources from which We Collect Consumer Health Data
We may collect Consumer Health Data in the following ways:
Directly from you such as when you actively and voluntarily provide us with Consumer Health Data through our mobile app or Website;
Your Lumen Device when using it;
Your mobile device and web browser when accessing our mobile app or Website such as when you view content that could indicate your health condition. This may include collection of Consumer Health Data over time and across our Services. For more information about this, please see our "Cookies" section in our General Privacy Policy;
Your other third-party apps or other third-party services with which you have integrated or linked your Lumen account (such as Apple Health Kit, Android Fit, etc.);
Your healthcare providers, care management services, or healthcare payers, to the extent your relationship with us originates from one of them.
Drawn from other information we collect. Depending on your use of our Services, we may also draw inferences from the information we collect, such as your preferences, characteristics, attributes, and abilities.
4. Sharing of Consumer Health Data
We may share each of the categories of the Consumer Health Data described above we collect about you with third parties when reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes and uses listed above. The categories of third parties we share your consumer health data with are:
Service providers
. We are partnering with several selected service providers, whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own. Such third-party service providers may have access to, or process information on our behalf, including Consumer Health Data.
Your known health care providers, care management services or healthcare payers
. To the extent your relationship with us originates from one of them, we may provide your Consumer Health Data to that party for its use in connection to the services it provides to you.
Our Affiliated Companies
. We may share your Consumer Health Data with the following entities in our group: Lumen, Inc.
Auditors and advisers
. we share your data with our external auditors, advisors and professional ‎service providers (e.g. lawyers, accountants, insurers etc.) for ensuring our ‎compliance with regulatory requirements and industry standards, auditing, ‎managing disputed etc.
Business transfer
. If we are involved in a merger, ‎acquisition, asset sale, reorganization or other corporate combination, ‎your Consumer Health Data may be transferred to the ‎acquiring or surviving entity.
Law enforcement, legal proceedings, and as authorized by law
. We may disclose Consumer Health Data to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request.
We also may permit third parties to collect Consumer Health Data over time on our websites and mobile services, and across other participating websites and mobile services.
5. How to Exercise Your Rights Regarding Consumer Health Data
Depending on where you live and subject to certain exceptions, you may have certain rights related to your Consumer Health Data. This includes the right to:
Request that we confirm whether we are collecting or disclosing your Consumer Health Data (and with whom);
Request access to your Consumer Health Data;
Request deletion of your Consumer Health Data;
Request withdrawal of your consent for the collection and sharing of your Consumer Health Data.
You can exercise your rights with respect to your Consumer Health Data, by sending us an email at
support@lumen.me
or by writing to the address below:
Meta Flow Ltd.
Address: 30 Ha’arba’a Street, Tel Aviv, Israel
We will respond to your request as required by applicable law. When you submit a request regarding your Consumer Health Data, we reserve the right to verify your identity to help ensure that we provide the information we maintain to the individuals to whom it pertains and allow only those individuals to exercise rights with respect to that information.
If your request to exercise a right is denied, you may appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. All appeal requests should be submitted via email to
support@lumen.me
.
If the appeal is unsuccessful, you may raise a concern or lodge a complaint with the applicable attorney general:
Washington:
www.atg.wa.gov/file-complaint
Nevada:
ag.nv.gov/Complaints/CSU_Complaints___FAQ/
6. Updates to this Policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. The most current version will always be posted through our Services (as reflected in the “Effective Date” heading). You are advised to check for updates regularly. By continuing to access or use our Services after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the updated Policy.
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
Privacy Policy
.
Use the “GOT IT” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
GOT IT
Sub-policy 1
http://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.