Privacy Policy
Thank you for using our games, websites and/or related services (collectively, "Service" or "Services").
1. Introduction
1.1. We are a company called AdoreGames Ltd. We are registered in the United Kingdom, with registered number 08045647. Our registered office is 85 Great Portland Street, London, England, W1W 7LT. Hereinafter AdoreGames Ltd is referred to as "AdoreGames" "us", "we" or "our".
1.2. This Privacy Policy describes what information AdoreGames, its partners and third parties collect through the Services, whether on your mobile device, computer, on our website or any other device, platform or website, and how we use it.
1.3. By installing, using or otherwise accessing our Services you consent to collection, storage, processing and sharing your personal data in the manners set out in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy please do not use the Services. We may utilise this data in different ways, but always do so in accordance with applicable laws. If you have any concerns about providing data to us or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy please do not use our Services.
1.4. As set out in our Terms of Service, you must be at least 16 years old to access and use our Services. If you are under 16 years of age, please do not submit any personal information to AdoreGames. If we discover that a child under 16 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete that child’s personally identifiable information from our records.
2. What information does AdoreGames collect about you?
When you use our Services, we may collect, store and share with third parties:
2.1. Information that you provide us voluntarily such as name, email address, phone number or other contact information, player’s name and password, profile photo, information submitted to our support team via Services or email, the content of messages sent using our chat and messaging systems or other information you send us (such as data provided with a view to identify a lost account).
2.2. Information that is collected and stored automatically from you and/or your device when you use our Services, such as:
data about your account, nickname and how you use the Services and interact with the Services (such as gameplay data, game progress, levels, scores, session length, preferred setting; which in-game adverts you may have viewed, in-game references or game preferences, what friends you connect with);
your IP address, Internet status, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), cookie and other similar identifiers (e.g. web beacons);
device information, including type of device, device model, device operating system, device settings, its language or other technical data like device settings, screen size or processor, or combination of this data available from a device for a developer for checking the device compatibility with a particular application, application IDs, device ID, Advertising ID (unique identifiers associated with your device that advertisers use for interest-based advertising), Vendor ID. Whether we collect some or all of this information may depend on the type of device used and its settings;
log files that record website activity, including how many "hits" a particular web page is getting (a.k.a. "click-through data"). Through the use of log files, we may also collect certain technical information such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows or Mac OS), and the domain name of your Internet service provider;
payment information. When you make purchases in the Services, we may collect certain payment information from you from our payment service providers, but this information is temporarily cached in an unreadable form. When you purchase items via our apps (such as those you can purchase in the App Store or Google Play) we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
2.3. Data we collect from our partners:
data we receive if you link a third-party account with the Services (such as Facebook);
data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising);
details of orders (such as items, date, amount, status, description, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location));
data for advertising and marketing purposes;
data for analytical purposes, so that we can improve our existing Services and develop new services;
data from third-party companies who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share such information with us (including publishing platforms, advertising platforms and partners and data aggregators). This may include attributes about you and your interests, as well as other games and services you use, and location information. We will use this information as described in this Privacy Policy and subject to any limitations in the privacy policy of the company that collected the information from you.
Please note that AdoreGames does not guarantee the protection of any personal data you decide to make public in your account, or that you may communicate in comments, submitted through the Services or make otherwise visible to others including but not limited to, chats, forums, blogs where you can post your Content. We has no responsibility for how that information is used by others. So please be careful when you submit any data through the Services.
3. How is your Personal Data used?
3.1. First and foremost, we use personal data when their processing is necessary for providing the Services to you and improving them. Accordingly, we use your data for the following purposes:
to provide you with the Services;
to contact you, whether for customer support purposes or to send you information regarding our Services;
to deliver, target and improve our advertising to promote the Services;
to manage your account and improve your experience when using our Services;
to develop and improve the Services;
to customize your Service experience;
to provide you our offers though the Services as well as through other websites and services;
to send you related information, security alerts, and support messages;
to provide social features as part of the Services;
to moderate chats and message rooms either automatically or manually:
to enable you to communicate with other players;
to show personalized advertisements in the Services as well as in other websites and services;
to track the content you access in connection with the Services and your online behaviour;
to prevent cheating, crime or fraud;
to protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights;
as otherwise expressly provided for by this Privacy Policy, by law or by a contract to which AdoreGames is party.
3.2. In all of the above cases and for all of the above purposes, we may analyse, profile and segment all collected data (e.g. create reports, analyses or similar documents for research or market purposes, for example to track trends or problems using our Services).
3.3. With your consent, we may also process your data for other purposes, such as using your GPS location to show you local events.
4. Does AdoreGames share your personal data with third parties?
Please note that your Personal Data may be shared with third parties.
4.1. We may share your information with:
(i) third-party providers and our partners who provide data processing services to us or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy (such as technical support providers, software providers, advertising and marketing partners, professional advisers, consultants (e.g. solicitors, accountants, tax advisors, auditors and insurance brokers));
(ii) public authorities, courts, government representatives or other third parties as may be necessary in accordance with applicable laws;
(iii) to third parties when there is a corporate restructuring, sale of our assets, or a change in control of AdoreGames, or to prepare for any of these events. In these cases, any third party who is the recipient of such a transfer or sale is authorized to continue using your personal data according to this Privacy Policy; or
(iv) to any other individual or entity with your consent.
4.2. To prevent cheating, crime or fraud, we may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention;
4.3. By accepting this Privacy Policy, accessing or using our Services you also authorise us, at any time and in our sole discretion, to provide third parties with anonymous statistical information which contains no personal data.
4.4. When you allow your account with us to interact with any third party social network or platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy playing socially. This data includes your name, your social media profile picture and your scores and/or progress in our games. You can make changes to data that a third party social network or platform shares with us, or stop using our Services interacting with that social network or platform by adjusting your settings with that third-party provider. However, in this case you may not experience our Services’ special features to the fullest extent.
5. For how long will AdoreGames retain your information?
5.1. We will retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide you with the Services. We may retain your personal information after you have closed any account or stopped using our Services or after we have ceased providing Services to you for whatever reason if retention of your personal information is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, prevent fraud, cheating or abuse, or enforce this Privacy Policy or Terms of Service.
6. How does AdoreGames protect your information?
6.1. We take the security of your personal data very seriously. We implement and maintain appropriate technical, administrative and physical safeguards to ensure that your personal data is protected against accidental or unlawful loss, destruction, alteration, unauthorized access, disclosure or any other unlawful use or processing. Our security mechanisms for personal data are similar to those of other game developers. Please keep in mind, though, that the Internet is not a completely secure environment and we cannot guarantee that information you transmit via our Services will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed in breach of our safeguards.
7. Do in our Services contain links to third-party websites?
7.1. We may embed in our Services links to third-party websites. It must be understood that once you click on any of these links, you will be taken to a third-party site and therefore any personal data you provide will not be protected under this Privacy Policy, but rather under that of the third party. Of course we take much care in selecting reputable links, but we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content of any third-party sites or services or their privacy policies.
8. Do we transfer your data across national borders?
8.1. Our Services are global by nature. Therefore, your data may be transferred to anywhere in the world. When we transfer data internationally, we take steps to comply with all relevant requirements of international, regional and local laws. If there is any discrepancy between the requirements of such laws and the terms of this Privacy Policy the law shall prevail.
9. How to contact us
9.1. Should you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@adoregames.com
. If you believe that your personal data is not adequately protected you have the right to complain to your local data protection authority.
10. Legal matters
If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable, the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected. This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England. Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of English courts.
11. Changes of this Privacy Policy
11.1. We are constantly looking for new ways to improve our Services. We may therefore amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect such improvements or any other changes to our business. In the event our Privacy Policy is updated, any changes will be published on our website to keep you aware of them. If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using our Services. Your continued use of the Services will mean your acceptance of all changes.
12. Supplemental notices
12.1. Supplemental notice for California residents
The following Supplemental California Privacy Notice only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information AdoreGames has collected about them and whether AdoreGames disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. California residents can find this information above, in the respective sections of this Privacy Policy, and below:
AdoreGames collects the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers:
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)):
A name, signature, address, telephone number or employment. Personal information does not include publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
Note: Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law:
Age (40 years or older), race, colour, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, military status.
Commercial information:
Records of products or services purchased or obtained from AdoreGames.
Internet or other electronic network activity:
Information on user’s interaction with websites, applications, or advertisements related to the Services.
Geolocation data:
Physical location.
Sensory data:
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer:
Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences or characteristics as they relate to the Services.
For business purposes, AdoreGames discloses your personal information to the following categories of third parties:
Advertising networks;
Internet service providers;
Data analytics providers;
Operating systems and platforms;
Social networks;
Service providers.
Sales of Personal Information under the CCPA
As defined by the CCPA, AdoreGames does not sell personal information of California residents, nor do we have actual knowledge of any sale of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Non-Discrimination
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Verification
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact us as set forth above. We process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include asking you to log in to your account or verify your email address.
12.2. Supplemental notice for Nevada residents
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. You can exercise your right by contacting us as described below with the subject line "Nevada Do Not Sell Request" and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. As defined by Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A, we do not currently sell personal information of Nevada residents.
12.3. Supplemental notice for EU and UK residents
The following Supplemental Privacy Notice for EU and UK residents supplements our Privacy Policy for certain persons in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and the United Kingdom ("UK").
Commitment to protecting privacy and transparency
AdoreGames respects and protects the privacy rights of persons in the EEA, comprised of the European Union ("EU") and the countries of Iceland, Norway, and Liechtenstein, pursuant to the
EU General Data Protection Regulation
("EU GDPR"). Similarly, AdoreGames is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy rights of persons in the UK, pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2018 and the Retained Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("UK GDPR"). Given the substantial similarity between the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR, hereinafter both regulations are collectively referred to as the "GDPR" unless otherwise indicated. Please visit
EU GDPR
and
UK GDPR
for easy-to-use versions of both regulations.
Does this Supplemental Notice apply to me?
This Supplemental Notice applies to you if:
You are a "Person" or "Data Subject" – meaning a natural person who is physically present in the EEA or the UK;
It is with respect to your "personal information" – meaning any information relating to an identified or identifiable person – that is provided while you are physically present in the EEA or the UK;
Such personal information is not earlier or later provided to us while you are outside the EEA and the UK; and
Such personal information is provided to us when you use our Services.
What are your rights as a Data Subject?
As a Data Subject pursuant to the GDPR, you have certain rights. This Supplemental Notice summarizes what these rights under the GDPR involve and how you can exercise these rights. More detail about each right, including exceptions and limitations, can be found in Articles 15-21 and 77 of the
EU GDPR
and the
UK GDPR
(as implemented by the
Data Protection Act 2018
).
Right of access.
You have the right to request that AdoreGames confirm whether it is processing your personal information. If we are processing your personal information, you have the right to access that personal information, and we will provide you with a copy of that personal information unless prevented by applicable law.
Right to have inaccurate personal information corrected.
You have the right to request that AdoreGames correct any inaccurate personal information that it maintains about you. You also have the right to request that it complete any incomplete personal information that it maintains about you, which could be accomplished by incorporating a supplementary statement that you submit.
Right to erasure.
You have the right to request the erasure of personal information that AdoreGames maintains about you in certain circumstances. These circumstances are identified in Article 17 of both the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR and include that the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose(s) for which it was collected.
Subject to applicable EU and UK laws and our policies and provided that there are no overriding legitimate grounds for us to retain your personal information, we will comply with the request and will take reasonable steps to inform any third parties with whom your personal information was shared.
Right to restriction of processing.
You have the right to request that AdoreGames restrict the processing of your personal information where one of the reasons identified in Article 18 of the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR apply. These reasons include that the personal information is inaccurate, the processing is unlawful, or AdoreGames no longer needs the personal information.
Right to data portability.
Where the basis for processing is consent and where the processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal information that you have provided to us. AdoreGames will provide the personal information in a structured and machine-readable format.
Right to withdraw consent.
If the basis for processing your personal information is consent, you may revoke your consent at any time. Upon receipt of your notice withdrawing consent, and if there are no other legal grounds for the processing, we will stop processing the personal information unless the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. Revoking consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing that occurred before the revocation.
Right to object to processing.
In certain situations, you may have the right to object to processing of your personal information. In particular, if we use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time, and we will stop using your personal information for that purpose.
Right to file a complaint.
If you believe processing of your personal information by AdoreGames violates the EU GDPR, you have the right to submit a complaint to an EEA supervisory authority, in particular the one in the EEA country of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged violation. For more information on the process for submitting a complaint, consult the relevant
EEA supervisory authority
. If you believe that processing of your personal information by AdoreGames violates the UK GDPR, you have the right to submit a complaint to the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). For more information on the process for submitting a complaint, visit the
ICO website
.
How to exercise your rights
In order to exercise any of these rights, except the right to file a complaint with an EEA supervisory authority or the UK ICO, you should contact us as described above. At that time, you will be asked to: 1) identify yourself; 2) provide information to support that the GDPR applies to you (see above); 3) identify the specific information or data that you are concerned about; and 4) state what right(s) you wish to exercise. We will process your request in accordance with applicable laws.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in May 2022.