INTRODUCTION
Welcome to the WattsUp privacy policy.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will tell you how we use and look after your personal data when you use our app or when you visit our website (www.wattsup.app). It also includes information about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
When we refer to “you” in this privacy policy we mean you as the person accessing, viewing and/or using our app or website.
The WattsUp app and website are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
GLOSSARY
1. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
We may provide you with additional information about our data processing activities from time to time. It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other notice we provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
WattsUp is operated by
Sanctus Media Ltd, a limited company registered in Scotland under company number SC352889 with its registered address at Bo'ness Business Centre, 12-16 Corbiehall, Bo'ness, EH51 0AP.
Sanctus Media Ltd is the data controller and responsible for your personal data
. In this privacy policy we will refer to Sanctus Media as “we”, “us”, etc.
We have a data privacy manager responsible for WattsUp who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our data privacy manager in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: Sanctus Media Limited
Email address:  hello@wattsup.app
Postal address:  Bo'ness Business Centre, 12-16 Corbiehall, Bo'ness, EH51 0AP
Telephone number: 01506 827217
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
) but we would always appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated in January 2021.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Where relevant, please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us by updating your account details on our app.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Our app and website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications.
Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website or application we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website/application you visit.
2. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as
follows
:
•
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, car make and/or model.
•
Contact Data
includes home address, e-mail address and mobile/landline telephone numbers.
•
Location Data
includes home address, other addresses frequented by you (including “favourite” or “frequently used” locations), your exact GPS location when using the app and journey start and end points.
•
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser
	  plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our website and/or app.
•
Profile Data
includes your username and password, use made of our app or other products and services, your preferences (including
	  favourite geographical locations), feedback and survey responses.
•
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services, use of our app including time spent on certain
	  areas of our app and reports on user app failures.
•
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific app feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with access to our in-app services). In this case, we may not be able to grant you access to all of the features on our app but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
•
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by creating an account on our app, if you submit a query on our website or if you otherwise give us feedback or contact us.
•
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website or app, we will automatically collect Technical and Usage Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly we will use your personal data in the following circumstances.
•
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. This includes where we offer our services to you through our app and you use those services or indicate that you may use them by signing up on our app (
Contract
).
•
Where we have obtained your consent for processing your personal data (
Consent
).
•
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those
	  interests (
Legitimate Interests
).
•
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation (
Legal Obligation
).
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so (the legal bases are explained above). We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new app user.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
Performance of a contract with you.
To provide you with our services and products through our app.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(d) Profile
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Location
Performance of a contract with you.
To notify you about changes to our terms or privacy policy.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(d) Marketing and Communications
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
To administer and protect our business, our website and our app (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
To use data analytics to improve our website, app, other products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To tell you about our services and products which we think will interest you
	  (marketing).
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Necessary for our legitimate interests in marketing our services and products.
You will have the option to opt-out of any marketing messages in any communication we send to you. Please remember that where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us and/or used by us in connection with providing our services to you.
For statistical analysis.
(a) Usage
(b) Location
Necessary for our legitimate interests in analysing use of charge points and use of our app. We will only share
anonymous statistics
drawn from this information with third parties.
THIRD-PARTY MARKETING
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our website or app may become inaccessible or not function properly.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your personal data with the third parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above.
Service providers
acting as processors who provide IT and system administration services
Professional advisers
acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Third parties
to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We do not usually transfer your personal data outside the UK or otherwise outside the European Economic Area (
EEA
).
7. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. DATA RETENTION
HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes from which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
We are passionate about the use of electric vehicles and want to play a key part in encouraging further use of these vehicles. For this reason we collate information about the use of charge points and movements of electric vehicles to use for statistical purposes. In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Request access to your personal data
Request correction of your personal data
Request erasure of your personal data
Object to processing of your personal data
Request restriction of processing your personal data
Request transfer of your personal data
Right to withdraw consent
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at hello@wattsup.app
NO FEE USUALLY REQUIRED
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
•
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
•
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to
	  erase it.
•
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it
	  as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
•
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify
	  whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.