Last updated: December 5, 2024
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), please stop reading and refer to this
Privacy Policy
.
1. DEFINITION
1.1 As used herein, the following terms are defined as follows:
1.1.1 “The Company”, “BitMart”, “We” and “Us” refer to the website https://www.bitmart.com (hereinafter referred to as “this Website” or “the Website”), which is a platform dedicated to the transaction of digital assets and the provision of related services.
1.1.2 “Digital Asset” refers to a digital representation of value (also referred to as “cryptocurrency,” “virtual currency,” “digital currency,” “crypto token,” “crypto asset,” or “digital commodity”), which is based on the cryptographic protocol of a computer network that may be (i) centralized or decentralized, (ii) closed or open-source, and (iii) used as a medium of exchange and/or store of value.
1.1.3 “Service” refers to services offered on the Website https://www.bitmart.com or when you use the BitMart mobile app.
1.1.4 “User” refers to all persons who explore our services, sign up for and access our Services.  For the convenience of wordings in this Policy, users are also referred to as “you” or any other applicable forms of the second-person pronouns.
1.1.5 “User Account” refers to a user-accessible account offered via the Company’s services, including without limitation, the hosted wallet services where Digital Assets are stored.
1.1.6 “Personal Information” or “Personal Data” or “your data” refers to any information relating to you as an identified or identifiable natural person, including but not limited to your name, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, economic, cultural or social identity of you as a natural person.
2. PURPOSE
2.1 This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share personal information when you explore, sign up for or access our Services. We collect and use your information in order to provide and improve our Services and your experience, protect the security and integrity of our platform, and meet out legal obligations. We share your information with our affiliates, as well as trusted third parties and service providers, in order to offer our Services and fulfill legal requirements. Please read this Policy carefully as it is legally binding when you use any and all BitMart services, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices or other portals. Accessing and using our Services means that you accept this Privacy Policy and its terms. If you do not wish for your personal information to be collected, used, or disclosed as described in this Privacy Policy, or you are under 18 years of age, you should stop accessing our Services.
3. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
3.1 BitMart may collect and use the following Personal Information from you to provide services:
Full legal name;
Nationality;
Gender;
Home address, including country of residence;
Email address;
Mobile phone number;
Date of birth;
Proof of identity (e.g., driver’s license, passport, or government-issued identity card);
Social Security Number or any comparable identification number issued by a government;
Utility bills;
Photographs and/or videos;
Employment information (e.g. company name);
Biometric information generated based on photos or videos you provide in order for us to verify your identity;
Employer identification number (or comparable number issued by a government), Personal identification information for all material beneficial owners of your business if you are an institutional user;
Other Personal Information that is deemed helpful in verifying whether you are eligible to register with BitMart;
Other Personal Information that is deemed helpful in ensuring our compliance with legal obligations under applicable anti-money laundering (AML) obligations, including but not limited to the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and/or the European Union’s 4th AML Directive;
Other Personal Information that is required by any court order, any applicable law, administrative regulation or any order of any other competent government agency.
3.2 BitMart may also collect, receive, and use the following Personal Information from you to monitor and improve the function of BitMart Website, enhancing your experience in using BitMart services:
Location Information: Information that is automatically collected via analytics systems providers to determine your location, including your IP address and/or domain name and any external page that referred you to us, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform;
Log Information: Information that is generated by your use of BitMart services that is automatically collected and stored in our server logs. This may include but is not limited to, device-specific information, location information, system activity and any internal and external information related to pages that you visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Website or App (including date and time; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page;
User Account Information: Information that is generated by your BitMart account activities including, but not limited to, instructions regarding funding and disbursement, orders, trades, account balances, and other transactional information;
Correspondence: Information that you provide to us in written or oral correspondence, including opening a BitMart User Account, engaging customer support, and initiating other kinds of communications to contact us;
Public Database Information: We may obtain information about you from public databases, such as the United Nations Sanctions List, and the SEC EDGAR, including your name, address, email address, phone number, gender, national ID number, and nationality/country of residence, date of birth, job role, public employment profile, listing on any sanctions lists maintained by public authorities, and other data as necessary;
Blockchain Data: We may analyze public blockchain data, including timestamps of transactions or events, transaction IDs, digital signatures, transaction amounts, and wallet addresses;
Information from our Marketing and Advertising Partners: We receive information such as your name and contact information from our marketing partners, including in some instances what marketing content you viewed or the actions you take on our Website;
Information from Analytics Providers: We receive information about your Website usage and interactions;
Information from cookies and similar technologies;
Retail Merchant Information: If you use your BitMart account to conduct a transaction with a third-party merchant, the merchant may provide us with data about you, such as your name and contact details, and your transaction with that merchant;
Other information that we may receive from other third parties, including but not limited to banks or financial institutions that you use for transaction purposes.
3.3 Personal Information you provide while using BitMart services may be retained, even if your registration is left incomplete or abandoned.
3.4 If you are providing Personal Information of any individual other than yourself to us during your use of BitMart Website and BitMart Services, you promise that you have obtained consent from such individual to disclose his/her Personal Information to us, as well his/her consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
4. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
4.1 BitMart uses the Personal Information we collect for the following carefully considered business purposes, which also benefit our Users:
To create and maintain your BitMart account;
To provide you with our Services;
To provide you with customer support;
To identify and confirm your identity when you use our Services;
To determine your legal eligibility for certain regulated products;
To customize your experience with our service and otherwise improve and upgrade our Services, including but not limited to improvements made per service requests and user feedbacks;
To maintain and analyze statistics relating to the use of our Services and/or any cooperation with governmental agencies, academic institutions, and public affairs agencies;
To enable device-based settings (collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable, such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting);
To facilitate transactions (your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or otherwise provided to any other company on any grounds without your consent, except for where doing so is solely and expressly for the purpose of completing the transaction per your instruction);
To regularly send e-mails and other kinds of service/marketing communications or notifications (the email address that you provide while using BitMart services may be used to receive updates to your transactions and updates, newsletters, promotions, new product or service information, and other kinds of communication, unless BitMart receives specific instructions from you regarding your email preference);
To research and innovate;
To promote the safety, security, and integrity of our services;
To preserve, review, and share information with law enforcement and others to comply with legal and regulatory obligations;
To meet other purposes as specified in the User Agreement listed on BitMart Website and any and all legal means adopted for satisfying such purposes.
5. SHARE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.1 BitMart works with service providers, partners, and other third parties to help us provide our services, and as a result we need to share certain information with these third parties as following.
Affiliates. Personal information that we process and collect may be transferred between companies, services, and employees affiliated with us as a normal part of conducting business and offering our services to you.
Linked Third Party Websites. When you use third-party services or Websites that are linked through our services, the providers of those services or products may receive information about you that BitMart, you, or others share with them. Please note that when you use third-party services which are not governed by this Privacy Policy, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services and products.
Professional advisors, industry partners, authorities, and regulators. We share your information described in Section 3 with our advisors, regulators, law enforcement, government agencies, and industry partners to 1) respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, court orders, legal process, or government process; 2) comply with our reporting and information sharing obligations with industry partners, including other virtual asset services providers and regulatory authorities; 3) detect, investigate, prevent, or address fraud and other illegal activities or security and technical issues; and 4) protect the rights, property, and safety of our Users, BitMart and its affiliates, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodies harm.
Asset Transfer or company acquisition. We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer information about our Users in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, merged, reorganized, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control of similar events, your personal information could be one of our assets transferred to the acquiring party.
Third-party service providers. We work with third-party service providers to help us provide our services. When we share information with third-party service providers in this capability, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms and only process as necessary for the purpose of the contract.
5.2 Except those listed above, BitMart does not sell, trade, transfer Personal Information to external parties, or allow external parties to do so on BitMart Website. Nevertheless, your Personal Information will not be provided to external parties for marketing, advertising or other purposes, unless an authorization is directly obtained from you.
6. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
6.1 We adopt appropriate physical, electronic, technical and managerial measures to protect and safeguard your Personal Information.  We will, to the greatest extent possible, ensure that any Personal Information collected through our Website shall be free from being subject to the nuisance by any external parties.  The security measures that we may take include but are not limited to:
Physical measures: Records of your Personal Information will be stored in a properly locked place against loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification.
Electronic measures: Electronic data that contain your Personal Information will be stored in properly encrypted computer systems and storage media that are subject to strict login/access restrictions.
Technical measures: Proper encryption techniques, including but not limited to Secure Socket Layer Encryption technology, the zero trust and secure access service edge (SASE), multi-factor authentication (MFA), and Data Loss Prevention (DLP) may be used to protect your Personal Information.
Managerial measures: Only staff members duly authorized by us can access your Personal Information, and these staff members are duly trained and monitored to comply with our internal code of ethics concerning personal data protection.
Other measures that we deem necessary in ensuring the safety of your Personal Information.
6.2 To help us protect your Personal Information, you should maintain the secrecy of your logon ID and password you may have set up while using BitMart services.  We shall not be held liable for damage or loss of any kind caused directly or indirectly by your own failure in maintaining the secrecy of your logon information.
7. DATA RETENTION
7.1 We retain your information as needed to provide our Services, comply with legal obligations, or protect our or others’ interests. While retention requirements vary by country, we maintain internal retention policies on the basis of how information needs to be used. This includes considerations such as when the information was collected or created, whether it is necessary in order to continue offering you our Services, whether we are required to hold the information to comply with our legal obligations, including AML/KYC compliance or other financial regulatory obligations, or information preservation requirements. We also keep certain information where necessary to protect the safety, security and integrity of our Services and Users.
7.2 We retain biometric information for the period required for financial regulatory compliance or otherwise as required by applicable law. Our third-party identity verification service providers retain this information for as long as set out in their applicable notices/policies.
7.3 In line with these considerations, we delete information that is no longer needed for the above purposes. We will also duly evaluate the need to delete information when you request deletion of your account with us (which you can initiate by clicking the “Account Cancellation” button in the BitMart mobile app).
8. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL INFORMATION
8.1 The Websites and Services are not directed to persons under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly request or collect any information about persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide any personal information through the Website or Services. If a User submitting personal information is suspected of being younger than 18 years of age, BitMart will require the relevant User to close his or her account, and will take steps to delete the individual’s information as soon as possible.
9. COOKIES
9.1 Browser cookies are text files with small pieces of data downloaded onto your computer or mobile device. Browser cookies and other similar technologies (collectively called “Cookies”) enable websites and apps to store information or facilitate access to information stored on your device to enable certain features and distinguish you from other visitors. These technologies are used by most website and app providers to let users navigate between pages efficiently, ensure security of the webpage or application, understand how their websites are used, remember user preferences and generally improve the user experience. When you use BitMart services, we may place cookies and similar technologies, (such as APIs, mobile advertising identifiers, tags and local storage) on your computer or other devices used to engage BitMart services.
9.2 We use Cookies for the following purposes:
Strictly Necessary purposes. Strictly Necessary Cookies are essential for our Services to function and therefore cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. These also include cookies we may rely on for security purposes, such as to prevent unauthorized access attempts. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies at any time, but some features of our Services may not work.
Performance purposes. We use these Cookies to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Services. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Websites and Apps, and to resolve any errors that occur on the Services quickly to provide you with a better experience.
Functional purposes. We use these Cookies to remember the choices you make (e.g. country or language selection) and to tailor our Services to your preferences.
Targeting purposes. We use first party and third-party cookies for advertising and measurement purposes. These advertising Cookies are used to serve personalized advertising on our Services or to serve advertising on other third-party sites that may be relevant to you or your interests. This means that after you have been to our Services, you may see advertisements about our Services elsewhere on the Internet. These Cookies are also used to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. The information collected through this process does not enable these third-party service providers to identify your name, contact details or other personal information that directly identifies you. Our third-party service providers may place cookies on your browser or device to help us keep our Services safe and secure, promote our Services on other apps and websites, and enable us, our advertisers and measurement partners to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
9.3 The length of time a Cookie will stay on your browsing device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. Session Cookies will only stay on your device until you close your browser. Persistent Cookies stay on your browsing device until they expire after a defined duration (for example, a few days, weeks or months) or are deleted.
9.4 You are free to decline most of our session Cookies for each browser or browser add-on permit on each device you use to surf our Website, but choosing to remove or disable our Cookies may interfere with your use and functionality of BitMart services. For more details, please refer to
BitMart Cookie Policy
.
10. RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
10.1 Depending on the jurisdiction, you may have the following rights of your Personal Information covered by this Privacy Policy. Please bear in mind that if you choose to exercise such rights this may affect our ability to provide BitMart services.  For inquiries about your Personal Information, please contact us by sending an email to support@bitmart.com and BitMart will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request.  However, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws. Please also note that it may take some time to process your request, consistent with applicable law.
Right to access and portability: You may request that we provide you a copy of your personal information held by BitMart by sending an email to support@bitmart.com.
Right to rectification: You may request us to rectify or update any of your personal information held by BitMart that is incomplete or inaccurate by sending an email to support@bitmart.com.
Right to deletion/erasure: You may request us to erase your personal information held by BitMart unless it is prohibited under applicable law. Any kind of account deletion/erasure requests shall be subject to Section 7.
Right to withdraw your consent: To the extent the processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time and BitMart will stop providing Service to you. The lawfulness of BitMart’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal.
Right to object to or restrict processing: You may have the right to restrict or object to us using or transferring your personal information based on our legitimate interests, in the public interest, or for direct marketing. We may continue to process your personal information where permitted or required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from BitMart by registering with us or sending an email to support@bitmart.com.
Right to non-discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights provided to you under law.
10.2 Under certain US data privacy laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf.
10.3 To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before complying with your request and we may decline your request if we are unable to verify your identity.
10.4 These rights are not absolute, and may be denied: (a) when granting access or assisting portability would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others; (b) to protect our rights and properties; (c) where the request is frivolous or vexatious; or (d) as otherwise permitted by law.
11. MODIFICATION
11.1 At sole discretion of the Company, we may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the amended version on our Website, publishing the effective date of the amended version, and highlighting amendments made. We may announce such amendments to you via email, but you are strongly encouraged to review such Policy regularly. If you do not agree with any of the amendments made, you shall stop using BitMart services immediately. Should you continue to use BitMart services after we release an amended version of this Policy, your continued visit to BitMart Website shall indicate and show that you agree to the update and agree to comply with the updated Privacy Policy.
11.2 We may provide additional "just-in-time" disclosures or information about how we collect or use your information in the context of specific Services; these in-product notices may supplement or clarify our privacy practices or may provide you with additional choices about how we use your information.
12. CONTACT US
12.1 If you have any requests, comments, or questions regarding this policy, please contact us via email at legal@bitmart.com. BitMart will not be responsible for your failure in using effective contact channels, or any act or omission related.
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
2323 out of 2525 found this helpful
Have more questions?
Submit a request
Article is closed for comments.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.bitmart.com/hc/en-us/articles/31587492578587:
Skip to main content
BitMart
Legal
Legal
How can we help?
Search
For residents of the European Economic Area (EEA) only
1. DEFINITION
As used herein, the following terms are defined as follows:
“The Company”, “BitMart”, “we” and “us” refer to the website https://www.bitmart.com (hereinafter referred to as “this Website” or “the Website”) and Mobile App, both are platforms dedicated to the transaction of Digital Assets and the provision of related services.
“Digital Asset” refers to a digital representation of value (also referred to as “cryptocurrency,” “virtual currency,” “digital currency,” “crypto token,” “crypto asset,” or “digital commodity”), which is based on the cryptographic protocol of a computer network that may be (i) centralized or decentralized, (ii) closed or open-source, and (iii) used as a medium of exchange and/or store of value.
“Services” refers to services offered on the Website https://www.bitmart.com or when you use the BitMart mobile app.
“User” refers to all persons who explore our Services, sign up for, and access our Services.  For the convenience of wordings in this Policy, users are also referred to as “you” or any other applicable forms of the second-person pronouns.
“User Account” refers to a user-accessible account offered via the Company’s services, including without limitation, the hosted wallet services where Digital Assets are stored.
“Personal Information” or “Personal Data” or “your data” refers to any information relating to you as an identified or identifiable natural person, including but not limited to your name, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, economic, cultural or social identity of you as a natural person.
Regarding the terms used in this Privacy Policy, such as “Processing” or “Controller”, we refer to the definitions of Article 4 of the
GDPR
.
2. PURPOSE
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information when you explore, sign up for or access our Services. We collect and use your information in order to provide and improve our Services and your experience, protect the security and integrity of our platform, and meet our legal obligations. We share your data with our affiliates, as well as trusted third parties and service providers, in order to offer our Services and fulfill legal requirements. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it is legally binding when you use any and all BitMart Services, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices or other portals. Accessing and using our Service means that you accept this Privacy Policy and its terms. If you do not wish for your Personal Information to be collected, used, or disclosed as described in this Privacy Policy, or you are under 18 years of age (the Services is not directed to persons under 18), you should stop accessing our Services immediately.
3. CONTROLLER
Unless otherwise specified, the BitMart entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Data as the controller is the entity that has the primary relationship with you. This may be the BitMart group entity that provides Services to you or provides promotional materials to you or the primary BitMart group entity in the region where you interact.
In some cases, more than one BitMart group entity may make decisions on how your Personal Data is processed, such as when two BitMart group entities co-sign a contract with you or multiple BitMart group entities organize an event. In these situations, all such entities are jointly responsible for the lawfulness of the specific processing activities as joint controllers.
In other cases, different BitMart group entities may independently determine how your Personal Data is processed as independent controllers, such as when one BitMart group entity uses Personal Data received from another BitMart group entity to market to you.
For further details, please do not hesitate to contact us using the contact details in Section 17.
4. DATA CATEGORIES AND SOURCES
We process the Personal Data that we receive from you within the scope of the business relationship and your usage of our website or Mobile App. Furthermore, we might process data we receive within BitMart and from publicly accessible sources (e.g.: commercial register, register of associations, media, sanctions lists). Personal Information you provide during the registration process may be retained, even if your registration is left incomplete or abandoned.
To be more specific,
when using BitMart's Services or interacting with BitMart, the following Personal Data might be processed:
4.1
Information You Provide to Us:
Identification Information, such as name, date of birth, nationality, gender, email, phone number, postal address, utility bills, and/or government-issued identity documents (sensitive Personal Information may be included);
Commercial Information, such as trading activity, order activity, deposits, withdrawals, account balances and/or the information of the sender/recipient;
Financial Information, such as bank account information, routing number, trading and investment experience, tax identification number, income/net assets/wealth verification statements;
Correspondence, such as information that you provide to us in correspondence, including account opening and customer support;
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information, such as images and videos collected for identity verification, audio recordings left on answering machines;
Biometric Information, such as scans of your facial geometry extracted from identity documents;
Professional or Employment-related Information, such as job title, source of wealth;
Institutional Information, such as for institutional entities, we may collect additional information, including the institution’s legal name, Employer Identification Number (“EIN”) or any comparable identification number issued by a government, and proof of legal existence (which may include articles of incorporation, certificate of formation, business license, trust instrument, or other comparable legal document);
Wallet Information: such as when you sign up and connect your wallet to your BitMart account, we may collect your Wallet address and information related to the integrations that you select;
Preferences: such as settings and preferences you select in the BitMart app; and
Additional Information You Submit to Us: such as communications including survey responses, information provided to our Customer Support team or User Research team, e.g. communications with interfaces such as our chatbots.
4.2 Information Collected Automatically:
Online Identifiers: such as IP address;
Device Information: such as hardware, operating system, browser, screen size; and
Usage Data: such as system activity, internal and external information related to the BitMart website or Mobile App that you visit, clickstream information.
4.3 Information We Obtain from
Other Sources:
We may receive information about you from third parties such as service providers, law enforcement departments, advertising networks, analytics providers, and search information providers may provide us with anonymized or de-identified information about you, such as confirming how you found our Services.
We may read and store information about you that is written on a blockchain, other publicly available ledgers or is otherwise in the public domain, and the information relating to fraud, security, sanctions, AML, and other risks.
5. PURPOSE AND LEGAL BASIS
All processing is performed in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. This includes but not limited to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) “GDPR”. Additionally, we adhere to international standards that help trace and combat illicit activities in the financial sphere, such as those set by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
5.1 We Will Not Share Your Personal Information with Third Parties, Except as Described Below:
Service Providers. We may share your Personal Information with third-party service providers for business or commercial purposes. Your Personal Information may be shared so that they can provide us with services, including identity verification, fraud detection and prevention, credit verification, security threat detection, payment processing, customer support, data analytics, Information Technology, advertising, marketing, data processing, network infrastructure, storage, transaction monitoring, and tax reporting. We share your Personal Information with these service providers only so that they can provide us with services, and we prohibit our service providers from using or disclosing your Personal Information for any other purpose. Our third-party service providers are subject to strict confidentiality obligations.
Affiliates. We may share your Personal Information with our affiliates for the purposes outlined above, and as it is necessary to provide you with our Services.
Business Partners. We may share your Personal Information with other companies with whom we partner to provide services or other offerings to you and carry out other related activities.
Analytics Partners. We may share your Personal Information with our partners who assist us in performing analytics and help us measure the effectiveness of our Services’ content and our marketing and advertising efforts.
Marketing and Advertising Partners. We may share your Personal Information with third parties for marketing and advertising purposes, including social media platforms, third-party advertising networks, and other parties that assist us in serving and optimizing our advertisements.
Legal Obligations. We may be required or in good faith and in our sole discretion as we believe is necessary, to share your Personal Information with law enforcement, government agencies, regulators or third parties to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or to preserve our rights or to protect against fraud or other illegal activity.
Corporate Transactions. We may disclose Personal Information in the event of a proposed or consummated merger, acquisition, reorganization, asset sale, or similar corporate transaction, or in the event of a bankruptcy or dissolution.
Professional Advisors. We may share your Personal Information with our professional advisors, including legal, accounting, or other consulting services for purposes of audits or to comply with our legal obligations.
Other business or commercial purposes. We may share or disclose your Personal Information for other business or commercial purposes as permitted by law.
5.2 Based on Your Consent (Art 6 Para 1a GDPR):
If you have given us your consent to process your Personal Data, processing will only take place in accordance with the defined purposes and to the extent agreed in the declaration of consent. Given consent may be withdrawn at any time without giving reasons and with future effect if you no longer agree to the processing. For example, with your consent, we are processing data for the following purposes:
for the use of the Mobile App functions that you allow us to enable through the device-based setting;
marketing and advertising communication including ads, website analysis, and tracking; and
auto-ident procedures for verifying your account (validation of identity).
Please note that the withdrawal of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
5.3 Processing for Other Purposes:
As a general principle of BitMart, we only process Personal Data for the purposes for which they were collected. In exceptional cases, however, we might process your Personal Data which we have collected for one specific purpose for another purpose which is however compatible with
the purpose for which the Personal Data are initially collected
.
In this case, we will inform you before the intended processing about this purpose, the period for which your Personal Data will be stored, the exercise of data subject rights, the option to withdraw consent, the existence of the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority, whether the provision of the data was necessary on legal or contractual grounds and what the consequences would be if it were not provided, and whether automated decision-making or profiling is carried out.
6. SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
This term stems from Art 9 GDPR and includes data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, as well as genetic and biometric data (Art 9 para 1 GDPR). In general, BitMart does not process such categories of Personal Data; however, during your onboarding, you may be asked to complete identity verification via auto-ident procedures in which, in addition to the actual verification data (e.g. screenshots of ID documents and identification data from these, residence, status of politically exposed persons, video data, etc.), biometric data (e.g. Personal Data resulting from specific technical processing in connection with the physical, physiological or behavioral characteristics of a person and enabling the unique identification of a person, e.g. facial images) is also collected. Such processing of biometric data takes place on the basis of your express consent, which you may revoke at any time, and on the basis of substantial public interest as outlined in Art 9 GDPR.
We may
also process and store the provided biometrical data on the grounds of public interest for the purposes of fraud prevention.
In certain circumstances,
biometric data will be processed solely by our service providers and will be erased completely within 5 years after performing the identification. BitMart only receives the positive or negative verification result alongside other verification data and does not process biometric data from Users itself at any time.
7. RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATA
The protection and confidentiality of your Personal Data is important to BitMart. Therefore, we transfer your Personal Data only to the extent described below or within the scope of instruction at the time the data is collected from you. In addition, Personal Data that we collect concerning you will neither be sold by us nor otherwise disclosed to third parties and in general limited to the recipients in the following groups:
7.1 Data Transfer to Processors:
To a limited extent, we also transmit Personal Information to our Processors. Such include, service providers for video authentication services, IT services, User support, improvement of our website, monitoring of defective business cases, and application management. Processors may only use this data to the extent necessary to perform services for us or to comply with legal requirements. We contractually oblige these Processors to ensure the confidentiality and security of your Personal Data that they process on our behalf.
7.2 Disclosing Data To Public Bodies and Institutions:
Your Personal Data might be disclosed to public bodies and institutions (i) if we are required to do so by law or in the context of legal proceedings, (ii) if we believe that disclosure is necessary to prevent damages or financial loss, or (iii) in connection with an investigation into suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activities.
7.3 Data Transfer to Other Third Parties:
BitMart will only share your Personal Data with other third parties if a legal basis applies. Such legal basis may be due to our contract with you, our legitimate interests, a legal obligation or your prior consent (withdrawable at any time).
8. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK that do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland and the UK. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the European Commission, Switzerland, and the UK Secretary of State as providing an adequate level of protection. Transfers within our corporate group or to third parties located in third countries that have not received such recognition take place using an acceptable data transfer mechanism, such as the EU and/or UK Standard Contractual Clauses, Binding Corporate Rules, approved Codes of Conduct and Certifications, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued by the EEA, Swiss or UK authorities.
Please reach out to us using the contact information in Section 17 if you want to receive further information about how we transfer Personal Data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
9. SOCIAL MEDIA PRESENCE
BitMart maintains social media presence on different platforms in order to communicate with its active Users, prospective Users and interested social media Users about BitMart’s Services, products and other news. For your own use of such social media platforms, the general terms and conditions, as well as the privacy policies and practices (e.g. processing outside of the European Economic Area) of these operators, apply. We would like to point out that User data may also be processed outside the European Union. This can result in risks for Users due to different legal frameworks (e.g. it could make it more difficult to enforce data subject rights).
Social media platforms might track your behavior (e.g. what content you clicked on or what websites you opened) when you are logged in to your account. To prevent such associations, you may want to log out of your social media accounts. BitMart has no control and no responsibility over the general activities of social media platforms and your behavior and will therefore not assume any liability for damages incurred by them using your Personal Data. For more information regarding tracking, cookies and similar technologies as well as opt-out possibilities in BitMart’s own services and associated services, please find more details at our
Cookie Policy.
Contrary to what was said about the general practices of social media platforms, BitMart is responsible for the processing of Personal Data gathered by communicating directly with us via such platforms (e.g. likes, direct messages, comments). At the same time, this Personal Data will also be processed by the social media platform itself according to their own practices and privacy policy and we have no influence on this. For a detailed explanation of the respective processing and the possibilities of exercising data subject rights and opting out of tracking with providers of social media networks, we refer to the respective privacy notices of the providers.
10. NEWSLETTER
If you would like to receive more information in regards to our existing product, related news or new launches, you might want to read our newsletter. We will only send newsletters and other electronic notifications to you if you are subscribed.
Our newsletter might contain trackers for us to better understand our Users’ interactions with the newsletter. You can find more information on tracking in our
Cookie Policy
.
If you need a break from our newsletter or do not want to receive it anymore, you may unsubscribe at any time.
11. RETENTION AND DELETION PERIODS
We retain and process your Personal Data only as long as absolutely necessary. This means for the duration of the entire business relationship (from initiation through performance to termination of a contract), and after that for how long applicable legal retention periods stipulate. Beyond this, we retain your data only for a longer period, in accordance with statutory retention and documentation obligations or to defend legal claims. When we perform payment initiation services for you, we will not store the sensitive payment data obtained thereby.
Unless expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, Personal Data processed by us shall be erased as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and the erasure does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations.
12. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
12.1 Right of Access (Art 15 GDPR):
You have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether we are processing Personal Data concerning you and to receive a copy of the Personal Data concerning you which is undergoing processing.
12.2 Right to Rectification (Art 16 GDPR):
You can at any time request to rectify incorrect data and provide supplementary information to an incomplete record.
12.3 Right to Erasure (Art 17 GDPR)
: You can at any time ask us to delete the Personal Data we have stored about you, which we will act upon unless there is an overriding exception. We may not be able to comply with your request if we still need to process the data in relation to the purposes for which we collected them in the first place (e.g. you are still in an active business relationship with us). Another case where we might deny your request is if you withdraw your consent on which the processing was based but there is another legal basis or overriding legitimate interest on our side for that. The most important case where we could not be able to delete your data is when we are required to retain it for compliance with a legal obligation under European Union or Member state law that we are subject to. In any other case, we will gladly follow-up on your request.
12.4 Right to Restriction of Processing (Art 18 GDPR)
: You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data where one of the following conditions applies:
you contest the accuracy of the Personal Data (the restriction shall be put in place for a period which enables BitMart to verify the accuracy of the Personal Data);
the processing of your Personal Data was unlawful, and you oppose the erasure of your Personal Data and request instead the restriction of their use;
BitMart no longer requires your Personal Data for the purposes of the processing, but you require them for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
you have objected to processing of your Personal Data and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate grounds of BitMart override your own.
12.5 Right to Data Portability (Art 20 GDPR)
: You have the right to receive the Personal Data concerning you which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. The right to data portability does not apply to processing which is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
12.6 Right to Object (Art 21 GDPR): YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT ON GROUNDS RELATING TO YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AT ANY TIME IF THE PROCESSING IS BASED ON OUR LEGITIMATE INTERESTS. WE WILL STOP PROCESSING YOUR DATA FOR THIS PURPOSE UNLESS WE CAN DEMONSTRATE COMPELLING LEGITIMATE GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING WHICH OVERRIDE YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR UNLESS THE PROCESSING IS FOR THE ASSERTION, EXERCISE OR DEFENSE OF LEGAL CLAIMS. IN REGARDS TO PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED FOR DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES, YOU CAN OBJECT AT ANY TIME BY CONTACTING US VIA THE LISTED CONTACT POINTS. YOUR OBJECTION DOES NOT AFFECT THE LAWFULNESS OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA BASED ON LEGITIMATE INTERESTS BEFORE YOUR WITHDRAWAL.
12.7 Right to Withdraw Consent (Art 7(3) GDPR)
: You have the right to at any time withdraw your consent for processing, upon which we will stop processing your Personal Data based on this legal basis unless a different legal basis is applicable. The withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of processing your Personal Data based on consent before your withdrawal.
12.8 Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-Making (Art 22 GDPR)
: BitMart does not use Personal Data for automated decision-making including profiling within the meaning of Art 22 GDPR (e.g. decisions producing legal effects concerning data subjects, or otherwise significantly affecting them, based solely on automated processing of Personal Data, including profiling).
To exercise one of the above-mentioned rights you can approach us either via our customer service or simply send an email to legal@bitmart.com. Please note that for such requests we may require further identification data from you (e.g. Passport, ID card data, etc) to verify the legitimacy and legality of your request.
13. SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
You have the right to file a complaint to the competent supervisory authority if you think your rights have been violated under the GDPR.
14. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
We are only collecting your data when required for our contractual relationship to be executed (necessary to create an account, etc.), required by law (KYC verification) or upon your consent. In these cases, Failure to provide the required data may result in us not being able to offer you our Service. For details, please see Section 5 above.
15. DATA SECURITY
The security of data is very important to BitMart and we are committed to protecting data we collect. We maintain comprehensive administrative, technical and physical measures designed to protect your Personal Data against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
We have implemented the following technical and organizational measures for example:
Physical measures: Physical records of your Personal Information, if any, will be stored in a properly locked place against loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification.
Electronic measures: Electronic data that contain your Personal Information will be stored in properly encrypted computer systems and storage media that are subject to strict login/access restrictions.
Technical measures: Proper encryption techniques, including but not limited to Secure Socket Layer Encryption technology, the zero trust and secure access service edge (SASE), multi-factor authentication (MFA), and Data Loss Prevention (DLP) may be used to protect your Personal Information.
Managerial measures: Only staff members duly authorized by us can access your Personal Information, and these staff members are duly trained and monitored to comply with our internal protocols concerning Personal Data protection.
Other measures that we deem necessary to ensure the safety of your Personal Information.
Please also make sure that you use the two-factor authentication (2FA) for your BitMart account, keep your access data confidential and protect your computer against unauthorized access.
16. UPDATES OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
BitMart is committed to upholding the principles of data protection up to date. For this reason, we regularly review and update our Privacy Policy. This is to ensure that it is correctly and clearly displayed on our website, contains appropriate information about your rights and our processing activities (also with regard to technical changes or business development) and is implemented in accordance with applicable law, thus complying with data protection requirements. We update this Privacy Policy from time to time when required, in order to take current circumstances into account. If we make significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you after you log into your account and provide you with the updated version of the Privacy Policy. If it is required by applicable law, BitMart will obtain your express consent to significant changes.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any further questions about this Privacy Policy or the processing of your Personal Data, please contact
legal@bitmart.com
.
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
19 out of 20 found this helpful
Have more questions?
Submit a request
Article is closed for comments.
Articles in this section
BITMART USER AGREEMENT
BitMart Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions for BitMart Futures Market
BitMart Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions for BitMart NFT Marketplace
IMPORTANT - Limitation for New Retail User Registration for UK
IMPORTANT – BitMart Entity for Operations within the European Economic Area
Important Notice - Law Enforcement Request Guidelines
IMPORTANT – Notice on Changes of Services in the Netherlands
IMPORTANT - Implementation Announcement Related to MiCA Stablecoin Rules for the European Economic Area
See all 16 articles