Terms of Services Multiplayer Games
Your Privacy at Phoenix Games LLP
Phoenix Games and all its related entities consider privacy to be of the utmost importance, which is why we would never invade it. This Privacy Policy covers the manner in which it collects and uses any information you (Users) provide in connection with any Games or Application. This Privacy Policy applies to all Services offered by Phoenix Games. This includes any services, features and content accessible or downloadable from
http://www.phoenixgames.in
, and (ii) any other Phoenix application, service or product licensed, downloaded or otherwise accessed by such users through third party websites or sources, including Google Play Store and iOS App Store
Collecting Information
When you install our games and apps, we may collect and record information to enhance the experience and benefits of using our Services. Phoenix may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service. This can include instances such as
- By using Phoenix’s mobile apps or visiting our websites,
- Registration for Services, contests and special events;
- Accessing Services using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming services;
- Purchasing a product or services through "in-app purchase"
- Using “tell a friend,” "email this page," “share this code” or other similar features;
- Requesting technical support; and
- Otherwise through use of Phoenix Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.
The data we collect on you may include, but is not limited to: email address, device ID, IP-address, user names and passwords. We may supplement your data with data received from third parties in connection with demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics surveys or services. Any information collected will only be used to enhance your game play experience and will never be misused in any manner.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the App. For example, if you log into the App using a third-party site or platform such as Facebook, we may access information about you from that site or platform, such as your screen name, profile information and friend lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third party site or platform. We may also collect information from app stores when you download or update one of our applications.
If you log into the App using a third-party site or platform, you represent and warrant that (i) your access and use of such features in connection with the App will comply with the applicable terms and policies of such site or platform; and (ii) that you are at least 13 years of age.
Personal Identification Information
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual’s name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address. We do not collect any information pertaining to a person’s phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address. If any of this information is shared through Google Play during purchases, it is stored and secured by Google. We only receive the Order ID or Transaction ID and the Receipt Data, which we store as a record of the transaction on our end.
We do collect personal public information from Users such as their username, profile pic, location, as well as their Facebook name, profile pic, user ID, etc. However, this information is only used to personalize the game for the user, and is not intended to be used in any other way. This information is only collected if users voluntarily submit such information to us through our Services. Users can always refuse to supply personal information. In said case, Users should avoid using social network features such as logging in with Facebook and using Sharing and Friend invite requests.
Non-personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Services. Said information includes —but is not limited to— data such as device type, brand and model, IP address, Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies, Flash cookies, and HTML5 local storage, Internet and on-line usage information, in-game information, location and country, and whether you are using a point package.
This information is only collected to provide and maintain the Service and the game experience as well as to help improve the game play for the user, as well as for advertising and analytics purposes. Our processing for the above purposes is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party in order to support the operation of the Service, facilitate the delivery of requested products and services and enable maintenance and update of the Apps.
This information also helps us deliver and support our Products and respond to your requests for assistance. We also collect this information to improve our understanding of how our users use our Products. We do not use this information for any purpose other than to provide the Services, make sure it is available to you when you use our Products and improve our algorithms underlying our Products.
Social Media
The Service can offer several integrations with sharing services and other tools (like Google +1 button, Facebook Like button, among others), that can be used to share information and take actions while interacting with our Service. Also we may integrate Social Media Services in our Games competitive services for sharing Scores and Achievement between players, like Google Play Games Services or others. The use of these services and tools is a free choice of each user. It's not necessary to use these services. The social features that each User agreed to use enables the sharing of information with other contacts or the general public, depending on the configuration options the entity provides. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook or other Social Media account within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who have also connected with our applications. In addition, we will cache data we receive from the Facebook or other Social Media APIs to improve our user experience.
This information is used solely to connect to the Social Media and allow users to display their data on the game accounts as their username, etc. This also allows Users to complete their actions such as sent request to their friends, connect and play with their friends, share information on their walls or timelines, etc.
This information is voluntarily provided by the user when they connect the app to their social media accounts. If you do not want to share this data with us, please refrain from connecting the app with your social media accounts. If you want us to delete the data we have received from your accounts, please contact us for the same.
Information Usage
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve the App.
Develop new apps, sites and services.
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Provide news and information about the App that we think will be of interest to you.
Personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the App.
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
By accepting our Privacy Policy or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to us collecting and using the information, as well as the processing and transferring of the information as deemed necessary.
Storage of information
Phoenix will store your personal data for as long as necessary in order to provide you with the App or otherwise fulfill the purposes as described above. The information will be stored further if it is required in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or to comply with applicable law, including accounting rules.
Your personal data are deleted or anonymized as soon as it no longer serves one of the above mentioned purposes and in any event no later than three (3) years after your interaction with Phoenix has ceased.
Sharing Your Information
We may share Your Information with third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship such as ad networks and analytics providers. The information shared with these third parties may be used for industry analysis, tracking ad conversions or demographic profiling.
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, or to assist us in analyzing how the Service is used. These third parties have access to Your Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and may not use Your Information for any other purpose. We may also provide Your Information to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods or services we believe will be of interest to you.
Furthermore, if you have given your consent in accordance with the GDPR, we share your advertising ID to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within the App.
List of advertising partners used in
As set out in our Privacy Policy, the following advertising partners are integrated into some or all of our games. These advertising partners may process personal data of our end users in accordance with their own privacy policies. The links to the third party privacy policies below were last checked on 30- 4- 2019.
AdMob (Google)
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Fyber
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Tapjoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
Unity Ads
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Facebook Data Deletion Instructions
this game is a using facebook login and we do not save your personal data in our server. According to Facebook policy, we have to provide User Data Deletion Instructions URL.
If you want to delete your activities for this App, you can remove your information by following these steps:
1. Go to your Facebook Account’s Setting & Privacy. Click “Settings”
2. Look for “Apps and Websites” and you will see all of the apps and websites you linked with your Facebook.
3. Search and Click this game in the search bar.
4. Scroll and click “Remove”.
5. Congratulations, you have succesfully removed your app activities.
Disclosing Information
We may disclose the personal information we hold about you in the following circumstances:
If we are required or authorized to disclose by law or by a law enforcement agency;
To our business partners in the course of providing our Products and Services to you, or generally in the conduct of our business. This may include organizations that provide services to us, such as payment processors or hosting services
To avoid, lessen or prevent a serious emergency or crime. If we use or disclose personal information about you in those circumstances we will make a written record of such use or disclosure.
Information You Generate Using Our Services
Phoenix Games LLP saves your Email address, Device ID that you provide on login to serve you a good service. We have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
(i) Update and develop player profiles and improve the service and player experience
(ii) Manage our relationship with you
(iii) Provide social features as part of the Service
(iv) Customize your service experience
(v) Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
(vi) Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
(vii) Enable you to communicate with other players We do not sell your data “Email address” to anyone.
If you choose to use communication features in Phoenix Games LLP Services that allow you to communicate or share information with other players (Eg. Using chat feature), then we do not collect or save information on what is communicated or shared. If Phoenix Games LLP get complaints from Users, Phoenix Games LLP have full rights to conduct research and review your Information you Generate Using Our Services and take necessary actions related to your behavior and Blocking your account to use our services.
Children's’ Privacy
While our Products and Services may be played and/or visited by children, we do not knowingly collect or process any Personal Information from children under the age of 13 and hereby specifically prohibit any user under the age of 13 from providing us with any Personal Information. If you are a parent of a child under 13 years of age and you believe your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us and we will delete the information from our system.
In-app Purchase
Some of our products and Services offer in-app purchases for certain features or items, such as in-game currency against real money. It is not necessary to make any in app purchases to win prizes or effectively use the apps. There is no cap on the number of in app purchases you can make and you acknowledge and agree that you are fully responsible for managing your in app purchases and the amount you spend on in app purchases within our app. If you do not want to make in-app purchases, please do not use these options and consider disabling them on your device.
Making an in-app purchase may require you to share personal identification information with us. If any private information is shared through Google Play during purchases, it is stored and secured by Google. We only receive the Order ID or Transaction ID and the Receipt Data, which we store as a record of the transaction on our end. Same applies for transactions on Apple ID.
It should also be noted that the purchase of these features and in-game currency, such as virtual coins, cash, gold, gems and diamonds, points, etc. last only for the duration of the app or game. If you choose to uninstall the game or app, these features and coins will cease to exist, and are not transferable. These virtual items subsequently cannot be exchanged into real money or refunded. You understand that you do not own Virtual Items, but acquire a limited license to use Virtual Items according to the specific Game’s game play.
Phoenix Games Premium
This section only applies when you purchase and/or subscribe to Phoenix Games Premium or other paid products. By paying the subscription fee, you get access to Phoenix Games Premium during the time your subscription is valid, subject to these Terms.
All subscriptions with Phoenix Games Premium are paid in advance.
You may at any time terminate your membership, in which case your membership will still be valid for the subscription time you have already paid for. If you have subscribed to Phoenix Games through the use of App Store, Google Play Store or any other such service provider, using in-app purchase, you can only cancel your subscription through the use of their services. Subscription fees can be found in the mobile application. Phoenix Games accepts a variety of different methods of payment, such as Apple iTunes, Google Play. Special terms and conditions may apply. Phoenix Games reserves the right to change the subscription fees from time to time.
You hereby consent to start using the Services immediately upon subscribing with Phoenix Games Premium or other paid products. This means that you will only have 14 days to withdraw from the contract with Phoenix Games from the date you receive confirmation of your subscription via email if you do not start using the Services during that period. To use your right of withdrawal, you must send an email to Phoenix Games (you will find our contact details at the bottom of this document). Any prepaid fees will be refunded within 30 days. All payments handled by Apple, such as in-app purchases, can only be refunded by Apple and with Apple’s consent. If you would like to contact Apple, please
click here
. Default in payment shall not be deemed as a termination of a Phoenix Games Premium subscription.
Advertising
We reserve the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for purposes of advertising by us or our partners and contractors. We may employ third parties for ad serving technologies who may use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services.
We and these entities may use various identifiers to collect information about your use of the App, including but not limited to your IP address, MAC address, device identifiers, software and hardware information, time zone and usage information.
This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver contextual advertising and content and better understand your activity on the App.
Third-party ad serving technologies are integrated into the App, so if you do not want to be subject to these technologies, please do not use or access the App.
Analytics
We reserve the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for the purpose of analytic services by us or our partners and contractors. We may employ third parties to provide analytics services for us. We and these entities may use certain methods to collect information in order to provide analytics.
The information collected may include your use of the App, including your, device type, brand and model, IP address, device identifiers, such as Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, browser information, Internet and on-line usage information, in-game information, geo-location, country, time zone and usage information.
This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver contextual advertising and content and better understand your activity on the App.
Third-party analytics technologies are integrated into the App, so if you do not want to be subject to these technologies, do not use or access the App.
Third Party Links
The Service may contain links to other websites and online services (“Linked Sites”). The fact that we link to a third party website or service is not an endorsement or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy policies or practices. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Linked Sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such Linked Sites. The operators of Linked Sites may collect information about you, and may use and disclose that information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the Linked Sites that you use.
Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide app-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
Storage and Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and maintain reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in our possession. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your Account or any of Your Information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. However, in case of such a scenario, we will notify you as soon as we know, and no later than 72 hours since such an event.
Your rights
If you wish to use any of the rights described below, you may contact us at any time by emailing us at support@phoenixgames.in. We process and answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the request. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as permitted by the GDPR.
Right to request access
You have the right to request access into the data that we are processing on you, including information about:
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed
The envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored
Furthermore, you have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. Please note that the access may be restricted in case of intellectual property or trade secrets.
The right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of interest rule of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. We will cease the processing of your personal data for this purpose after the objection. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the App will cease automatically.
Right to rectification and erasure
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified. Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal data erased where one of the following grounds applies:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
If you have withdrawn your consent and there are no other legal grounds for the processing.
If you have objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing.
The personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed or the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
GDPR Compliance Statement
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is effective from 25th May 2018. The GDPR aims to strengthen the security and protection of personal data in the EU and will replace the European Privacy Directive and national legislations accordingly.
Phoenix understands the importance of customer data and welcomes the arrival of the GDPR. At Phoenix Games, we believe that customers are the most important part of our business and the success of our company builds on the trust that our customers, employees and other stakeholders have in our ability to deliver premier quality including the protection of personal information.
Phoenix Games services complies with all applicable parts of the GDPR.
Any consent you may give or choose to withhold in relation to the GDPR shall apply to all services (games and website) provided by Phoenix games as part of the phoenixgames.in domain.
The following are key aspects of the GDPR, and how it relates to Phoenix Games LLP.
What is the GDPR
The GDPR is the General Data Protection Regulation established by the European Union.
At its core, GDPR is a new set of rules designed to give EU citizens more control over their personal data. It aims to simplify the regulatory environment for business so both citizens and businesses in the European Union can fully benefit from the digital economy.
Follows EU Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC). For more information, please see eugdpr.org.
Key Aspects of GDPR
There are 4 aspects to the GDPR that Phoenix Game LLP has considered as part of our GDPR compliance:
The right to data portability
Individuals have the right to a copy of all the personal data that controllers have regarding him or her. It also must be provided in a way that facilities reuse.
At any time, users may request any date we store on their behalf by contacting us via email on contact@phoenixgames.in
The right to be forgotten
This gives individuals the right to have certain personal data deleted so third parties can no longer trace them. Phoenix Games LLP does not store any personal data, only authentication tokens to Facebook. Those tokens can be invalidated by removing the game app according to these instructions by Facebook.
Since we currently do not store any PII directly, and the only way to link game state and analytics data collected with a particular user is via their Facebook Access Token, simply removing the Phoenix Games LLP game app from the users’ Facebook profile will anonymized any information we hold. This will happen instantly, the moment the user removes our app.
Privacy by Design
This helps to facilitate the inclusions of policies, guidelines, and work instructions related to data protection in the earliest stages of projects including personal data.
This aspect does not apply to Phoenix Games LLP.
Data Breach Notifications
Controllers must report personal data breaches to the relevant supervisory authority within 72 hours after having become aware of it. If there is an high risk to the rights and freedoms of data subjects, they must also notify the data subjects.
Phoenix Games LLP has an escalated process in order to ensure the security of user data. Information about whether or not user data has been part of a breach is available upon request.
GDPR Compliance for Phoenix Games LLP
To Understand the position of phoenix games in the compliance of GDPR, it is important to understand the actors. These actors are:
Data Controller
is the individual or the legal person who controls and is responsible for the keeping and use of personal information on a computer or in structured manual files.
Data Processor
in relation to personal data, means any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller. “processing”, in relation to information or data means. obtaining, recording or holding the information or data.
Data Subject
means an individual who is the subject of personal data. In other words, the data subject is the individual whom particular personal data is about.
GDPR and Phoenix Games LLP
The following are key elements of our GDPR Compliance:
We do not process personal data on behalf of the Customer and we don’t have access to any personal data in our customer’s systems (Customer Personal Data). Moreover, Phoenix is not able to monitor the processing of Customer Personal Data in our customer’s systems.
What personal data do we collect/store?
At Phoenix we collect two types of data on our users; passive and active. Passive collection is the data that is collected when users play games, whether on their mobile device or the web. This data is collected using Google Analytics or similar and contains the following information:
IP address
approximate geographical location
session duration
in-game activity
This data does not contain any personally identifying information. Our active data collection is currently limited to high scores and game information, such as coins collected. We allow users to log in using their Facebook account, and from their Facebook account we store the following:
User Access Token: we simply use this token to identify a user from one play session to the next. We do not gain access to any details about the user.
As such we don't store any data that can be used to identify and track an individual. The user access token can be invalidated at any time by removing our app from the users Facebook profile.
How does Phoenix Address GDPR
Data Access Control
The controller shall implement appropriate technical and organizational measures for ensuring that by default, only personal data which are necessary for each specific purpose of the processing are processed.
Monitoring of Access Activities
Each controller and where applicable, the controllers representative, shall maintain a record of processing activities under its responsibilities
Data Encryption
Organizations must implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, including the pseudonymization and encryption of personal data
Strong Compliance Framework
Appropriate technical and organizational measures may need to include “the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the processing systems and services
The right to withdraw consent
If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent, your user license to use the App will cease automatically.
The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
The right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you have provided us with which we process in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller if the processing is based on consent or contract performance.
Acceptance of the terms
By using any of the Services offered by Phoenix Games and by giving the company consent, Users agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and you also consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information by Phoenix Games  in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.
Policy Updates
We reserve the right to revise, modify and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. These updates, will take effect from the date of issue on the Site. Please check back regularly for updates. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Contacting us
For any questions about this Privacy Policy or any other issues please contact us at: contact@phoenixgames.in
FAQs
How to Complain
If the user wants to complain then the user can reach out to Phoenix Games LLP by emailing on support@phoenixgames.in.
 The user can attach the screenshot and write description regarding the problem in their email.
I saw a horrible picture while I was playing a Phoenix Games LLP game. How can I report it?
Please send all relevant information, including a link to the player’s profile if possible, a screenshot, and the location where you saw the photo to support@phoenixgames.in
Another player posted some really mean things in chat. Where can I report it, and what will Phoenix Games LLP game do about it?
Please submit a link to the offending player’s profile, along with a description of the message exchange to support@phoenixgames.in We take abuse very seriously, and if it’s determined that a violation of our Terms of Service has occurred, we will take action.
I friended someone on Phoenix Games LLP game services, but they’ve sent me some creepy personal messages. What can I do?
Go to buddy Section, Click on the remove button, and then remove them as a friend.
I received an email that appears to be from Phoenix Games LLP , telling me that my account will be Blocked.
No. This is a method often used by hackers to gain access to your account. Legitimate warnings issued by Phoenix Games LLp will occur in-game, upon login.
How do I connect with Facebook friends in Phoenix Games LLP game games?
You get the option to login through Facebook and invite Facebook friends through the Buddy List feature in phoenix Games LLP Games.
How do I get an ad-free version of the game?
You can go to settings in Phoenix Games LLP Games and do the No Ads In App Purchase to remove ads from the game.
Is there a way to redeem earned coins into money or Paytm Balance?
Coins and Diamonds earned in Phoenix Games LLP games cannot be converted into real money. Phoenix Games LLP is not required to redeem any earned item from the game into real world currency due to any reason.
Why do I see the blocked pop up in the game?
Please reach out to the support team to ask why you have been blocked and how can the blocked pop up be deactivated to continue playing the game.
Can I reach out to the support team from the game?
Yes, you can reach out to the support team from the game by going into settings and tapping the “Support Email” button.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy:
Server Error
Well. This definitely shouldn't happen and we are probably working on it already.
Try
refreshing a page
or contact us at
support@tapjoy.com.
Sub-policy 2
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools