Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Natalia Jakubczyk-Gajewska
mobile apps
. Your privacy is important to us and we respect your right to keep your personal information confidential.
We don’t collect any personal or personally identifiable information about the users of our apps. However, we might collect some anonymous usage statistics within our apps to help us improve our apps and services.
We collect information if the user purchased premium features of our apps in order to enable them in the app. We use
revenuecat.com for that.
Consent to Share Consumption Data with Apple. By using our app and making in-app purchases, you consent to our sharing of data regarding your usage and consumption of purchased content with Apple, as part of our efforts to resolve refund requests. This information may include details about how you have accessed and interacted with the purchased content. The purpose of sharing this data is to help Apple make an informed decision regarding refund requests. We ensure that such data sharing is done in compliance with Apple's policies and only as necessary to process your requests.
In our
Visual To-Do List
and
Visual Daily Schedule
apps:
We
use Pixabay to
let the users search for icons for their to-do items. The user provided search term based on the to-do item name is shared with Pixabay to find icons.
T
he detailed Pixabay terms and conditions including privacy are included
here
.
We use Apple Image Playground to let the users create image icons for their to-do items. The user provided
to-do item name
is shared with Apple Image Playground to create images. T
he detailed Apple Image Playground terms and conditions including privacy are included
here
.
Users contacting us through email do so at their own discretion and provide any personal information at their own risk. We remind our users that they choose what information they disclose and they do so at their own risk. However, we do not sell, share, nor disclose any personal information to third parties.
We may use third-party service providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our service.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it