Shapeyard
Contact us
Join our Discond
Privacy Policy
Effective date: September 30, 2019
We at Shapeyard know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
Remember that your use of Shapeyard’s Services is at all times subject to the
Terms of Use
, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the
Terms of Use
.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Services, including to personalize, provide, and improve our services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services. In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.
As noted in the
Terms of Use
, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any Personal Information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us Personal Information, please contact us at
hello@shapeyard.org
.
Will Shapeyard ever change this Privacy Policy?
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the App, on
shapeyard.org
, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
What information does Shapeyard collect?
Information You Provide to Us:
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, through the registration process and/or through your account settings, we may collect Personal Information such as your name. We will also need to access your mobile device camera in order to create your Shapeyard avatar. We also receive and store media files that you knowingly provide through the Services (such as photos, videos and audio files), and contact lists that you provide through the App or that we access from your mobile device address book. Contacts lists will include both your contacts’ names and MSISDN.
We may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may email you about your use of the Services. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by emailing us at
hello@shapeyard.org
.
Information You Provide to Us:
Whenever you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your device, which may include your IP address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of device you’re using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your device that allow us to recognize your device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. You can change the preferences on your device as follows:
For iOS:
Every iOS device includes an advertising identifier (IDFA) with two key features:
Users can reset the identifier at any time.
Users can also opt out of all remarketing campaigns by activating the Limit Ad Tracking (LAT) setting, thus keeping advertisers from using the device’s IDFA for behavioral advertising. For more information about how to enable this setting,
click here
.
For Android:
Every Android device includes an advertising identifier (AAID). To opt out or to change its settings, follow these steps:
If using Android 2.3 or above, select “Google settings” in the app drawer.
Select “Ads”.
Select “Reset advertising ID” to generate a new identifier and eliminate any previously stored data.
Then select “Opt out of interest-based ads”.
If you click on a link to a third party website or service, a third party may also transmit cookies to you. Again, this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices. Please be aware that cookies placed by third parties may continue to track your activities online even after you have left our Services, and those third parties may not honor “Do Not Track” requests you have set using your browser or device.
We automatically receive and store message data (such as text messages, information about the recipient, information about the sender and timestamps) when you send or receive messages through the App. We also collect and display information about your online and status message changes on our Services, such as whether you are online (your “online status”), when you last used our Services (your “last seen status”), and when you last updated your status message. In addition, we display typing awareness indicators, which are the indicator bubbles that appear when a user is in the process of typing you a message.
We may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns. We may also use it to improve the Services – for example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Services, and we can use that knowledge to make the Services interesting to as many users as possible.
Will Shapeyard share any of the Personal Information it receives?
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone. We may share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this section:
Information that’s been de-identified. We may de-identify your Personal Information so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners. We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience. However, we never disclose aggregate usage or de-identified information to a partner (or allow a partner to collect such information) in a manner that would identify you as an individual person.
Analytics service providers: To support and enhance the Services, we use third-party analytics services, including those provided by iTunes Connect, Google Inc. and Fabric, which is owned by Google, Inc. (collectively, “Third Party Analytics Services”), to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services so that we can learn and make enhancements to offer you a better experience. The Third Party Analytics Services use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, and they may track your activity on the Services over time. Information collected by the Third Party Analytics Services may include your IP address, time spent on the App, Features purchased and conversion information. Information from Third Party Analytics Services may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain Content, deliver Content targeted to your interests on our Services and better understand your App activity. Google Inc.'s ("Google") ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your use of the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You have the option to opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at
www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
. Third Party Analytics Services will never have access to anonymized information, which means that they will never be able to match your name or other identifying information with the messages or media files that you send through the App.
Affiliated Businesses: In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies.
Agents: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
User Profiles and Submissions: Certain user profile information, including your Shapeyard User ID and your Shapeyard avatar, may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Services or address your request for our Services. [Please remember that any Content you upload to your user profile, along with any Personal Information or Content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (e.g., in messages) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by anyone. Your Shapeyard User ID may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or media through the Services and other users can contact you through messages.
Business Transfers: We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Protection of Company and Others: We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our
Terms of Use
and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our employees, our users, or others.
Is Personal Information about me secure?
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information limiting access to your device.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
What Personal Information can I access?
Through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you’ve provided to us:
Name (first and last);
Chumoji avatar.
The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Services change. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at
hello@shapeyard.org
.
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to
hello@shapeyard.org
.
What choices do I have?
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained above. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may also delete your account. Although we delete all data from our servers that is associated with your deleted account, some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account. For example, we may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
What if I have questions about this policy?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to
hello@shapeyard.org
, and we will try to resolve your concerns.
GDPR Privacy Notice
If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) with respect to yourPersonal Data, as outlined below.
For this GDPR Privacy Notice, we use the terms “Personal Data” and “processing” as they are defined in theGDPR, but “Personal Data” generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and“processing” generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with data such as collection, use, storage and disclosure. We will be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with the Services.
Where applicable, this GDPR Privacy Notice is intended to supplement, and not replace, our Privacy Policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”). If there are any conflicts between this GDPR Privacy Notice and our Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this notice or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at
hello@shapeyard.org
.
We Collect, Use, Share and Otherwise Process Personal Data
: We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include the following:
Legitimate Business Interest
: We process Personal Data when we believe it furthers our legitimate business interests or the legitimate business interests of third parties. These legitimate business interests include:
Operation and improvement of our business, products, App and Services
Marketing our products, App and Services
Provision of customer support
Protection from fraud or security threats
Completion of corporate transactions
Provision of personalized services
Consent
: In some cases, we may need to process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such Personal Data. If we need to process Personal Databased on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.
Contractual Necessity
: We may need to process Personal Data as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the Personal Data to perform under our
Terms of Use
with you, which enables us to provide you with the Services. If we need to process Personal Data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Services that require such Personal Data.
What Personal Data Do We Collect From You and How Do We Use Your Personal Data?
We collect Personal Data about you when you provide such information directly to us, when third parties such as our business partners or service providers provide us with Personal Data about you, or when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Services.
Information we collect directly from you
: We receive Personal Data directly from you when you provide us with such Personal Data, which may include:
First and last name
Email address
Telephone/mobile number
Contact lists through your mobile device address book (including both your contacts’ names and MSISDN)
We collect these categories of Personal Data because we have a legitimate business interest in providing the Services. We use this Personal Data to create and manage user profiles and accounts, communicate with you about the Services, provide support and assistance for the Services, respond to user inquiries, fulfill user requests, resolve disputes, and collect feedback about the Services. We also use this Personal Data to train our algorithms and models because we have a legitimate business interest in improving the Services for you.
We may also access User Submissions that are messages and media files, such as photos, videos and audio files and any other materials you might submit as part of, or in conjunction with, your use of our Services, and which may include Personal Data if you include Personal Data in such content. We will share any User Submissions, including any Personal Data you include therein, because we have a legitimate business interest in providing the Services, and you are authorizing us to share your User Submissions pursuant to our
Terms of Use
in order for us to provide the Services to you.
Information we automatically collect when you use our Services
: Some Personal Data is automatically collected when you use our Services, such as the following:
IP address
Device identifiers and device type
Geolocation data
Message data (such as text messages, information about the recipient, information about the sender and timestamps) when you send or receive messages through the App
We collect these categories of Personal Data because we have a legitimate business interest in operating and improving our business, products and services. Specifically, this Personal Data is used to conduct data analysis to better understand user preferences; protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal or harmful actions;enforce our
Terms of Use
; comply with our legal or contractual obligations; and personalize the Services. We also use “cookies” and other tracking technologies to collect Personal Data. Cookies allow us to recognize your device and “remember” your device during subsequent visits for purposes of functionality, preferences, and performance, and they also tell us how and when features in our Services are used and by how many people.
How and With Whom Do We Share Your Data?
We share Personal Data with vendors, third party service providers and agents who work on our behalf and provide us with services related to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or our
Terms of Use
. These parties include but may not be limited to:
Analytics service providers
Staff augmentation and contract personnel
Hosting service providers
Cloud service providers
Customer support
If we partner with third parties that offer products or services that you may also be interested in using and you choose to download and use those third-party applications, we will share your Personal Information (e.g., IP address) with that third party only to the extent that it is necessary for you to use the third-party application and to measure the effectiveness of the joint advertising campaign. We have no control over the policies and practices of third parties as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to download and use any third-party applications, please review all relevant terms and policies posted by those third parties.
Furthermore, if we choose to buy or sell assets, user information (including Personal Data) is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information (including Personal Data) would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party, and we would share Personal Data with the party that is acquiring our assets. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Data as set forth in this policy.
Processing Grounds
: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide the Services to you and improve the Services for all users generally. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. Afterwards, we retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.
Personal Data of Children
: We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone in the EU under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send anyPersonal Data about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data from a child under age of 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us Personal Data, please contact us at
hello@shapeyard.org
. To the extent that provision conflicts with any age restrictions in the Terms of Use, this provision will control with respect to EU users.
What Rights Do You Have Regarding Your Personal Data?
You have certain rights with respect to yourPersonal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email
hello@shapeyard.org
. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need to you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
Access
: You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data by emailing us at hello@chu.do.
Rectification
: If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such Personal Data by emailing us at hello@chu.do.
Erasure
: You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent
: If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such Personal Data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at anytime. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Services.
Portability
: You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the Personal Data to another controller where technically feasible.
Objection
: You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes.
Restriction of Processing
: You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.
Right to File Complaint
: You have the right to lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State.
Transfers of Personal Data
: The Services are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through Shapeyard and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S. may differ from the laws where you reside. By using the Services, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Shapeyard in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize Shapeyard to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries. You hereby consent to the transfer of your data to the U.S. pursuant to EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, the details of which are further set forth below.
Shapeyard has certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection and use of Personal Information transferred from the EU. For more information about the Privacy Shield Program, and to view Shapeyard's certification, please visit
www.privacyshield.gov
. Shapeyard is committed to the Privacy Shield Principles of (1) notice, (2) consent, (3) accountability for onward transfer, (4)security, (5) data integrity and purpose limitation, (6) access and (7) recourse, enforcement and liability with respect to all Personal Information received from within the EU in reliance on the Privacy Shield. The Privacy Shield Principles require that we remain potentially liable if any third party processing Personal Information on our behalf fails to comply with these Privacy Shield Principles (except to the extent we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage). Shapeyard's compliance with the Privacy Shield is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Please contact us at
hello@shapeyard.org
with any questions or concerns relating to our Privacy Shield Certification. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your Privacy Shield-related complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, you may also resolve a Privacy Shield-related complaint through JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. You can visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim
for more information or to file a complaint, at no cost to you. Under certain conditions, you may also be entitled to invoke binding arbitration for complaints not resolved by other means. If there is any conflict between the terms in this GDPR Privacy Notice and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
.
What If You Have Questions Regarding Your Personal Data?
If you have any questions about this GDPR Privacy Notice or our data practices generally, please contact us at
hello@shapeyard.org
.
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Copyright Dispute Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
http://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 2
https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim:
Skip to main content
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
Print Page
Print Page
Download page as PDF
Download page as PDF
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
Next:
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) were respectively developed in furtherance of transatlantic commerce by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission, the UK Government, and the Swiss Federal Administration to provide U.S. organizations with reliable mechanisms for personal data transfers to the United States from the European Union / European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland while ensuring data protection that is consistent with EU, UK, and Swiss law.
The effective date of the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, including the Supplemental Principles and Annex I of the Principles is July 10, 2023, which is the date of entry into force of the European Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. DPF. The adequacy decision enables the transfer of EU personal data to participating organizations consistent with EU law.
Effective as of July 17, 2023, eligible organizations in the United States that wish to self-certify their compliance pursuant to the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF may do so; however, personal data cannot be received from the United Kingdom and Gibraltar in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF before the date that the adequacy regulations implementing the data bridge for the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF enter into force. The data bridge will enable the transfer of UK and Gibraltar personal data to participating organizations consistent with UK law.
The effective date of the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, including the Supplemental Principles and Annex I of the Principles is July 17, 2023; however, personal data cannot be received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF until the date of entry into force of Switzerland’s recognition of adequacy for the Swiss-U.S. DPF. The recognition of adequacy will enable the transfer of Swiss personal data to participating organizations consistent with Swiss law.
The Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, which is administered by the International Trade Administration (ITA) within the U.S. Department of Commerce, enables eligible U.S.-based organizations to self-certify their compliance pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF. To participate in the DPF Program, a U.S.-based organization is required to self-certify to the ITA via the Department's DPF Program website (www.dataprivacyframework.gov) and publicly commit to comply with the DPF Principles. While the decision by an eligible U.S.-based organization to self-certify its compliance pursuant to and participate in the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program is voluntary, effective compliance upon self-certification is compulsory. Once such an organization self-certifies to the ITA and publicly declares its commitment to adhere to the DPF Principles that commitment is enforceable under U.S. law. All organizations interested in self-certifying their compliance pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should review the requirements in their entirety. The Department’s DPF Program website provides useful information regarding the benefits and requirements of participation in the relevant parts of that program.
U.S.-based organizations that self-certify their compliance pursuant to the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program must, amongst other things, provide readily available recourse mechanisms available to investigate unresolved complaints, including a system of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) by an independent third party. The independent recourse mechanisms must be in place prior to self-certification, and must be available at no cost to the individual. Although organizations self-certifying their compliance pursuant to the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program may utilize private sector developed dispute resolution programs for most categories of personal data covered under their self-certifications, those organizations covering human resources data (i.e., personal information about employees, past or present, collected in the context of the employment relationship) transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland must agree to cooperate and comply with the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) respectively with regard to such data.
JAMS is available to serve as your organization’s designated ADR provider and to assist in resolving disputes brought under the DPF Principles, up to the point of any final arbitration invoked in accordance with the procedures and conditions set forth in the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles. With a panel of over 400 neutrals around the world, JAMS specializes in resolving disputes of all sizes and levels of complexity and our neutrals have significant experience resolving issues involving privacy.
Mediation Rules
Mediations will be conducted pursuant to JAMS International Mediation Rules unless the parties have specified a different set of Rules or Procedures.
Download the JAMS International Mediation Rules
Fees
JAMS DOES NOT charge any fees for an organization to name it as an ADR provider. If an organization names JAMS as its ADR provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we request that you notify JAMS
by registering here
.
When a consumer initiates a mediation or an arbitration against an organization (whether under JAMS Rules or another set of rules) all fees for the mediation, including the JAMS Case Management Fee, must be borne by the Organization. The fee arrangement is common to all DPF Dispute Resolution cases for the European Union / European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (and Gibralter), and Switzerland. For any other matters, standard JAMS policies apply.
Name JAMS as Your Dispute Resolution Provider
If you wish to name JAMS as your Dispute Resolution provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, please register using the link below:
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution Registration
Customer URL
If you do name JAMS as your Dispute Resolution provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, the URL that you will need to provide in your customer-facing privacy policy/ies through which your customers could find information on how to open an EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or Swiss-U.S. DPF Dispute Resolution case is:
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
File a DPF Dispute Resolution Claim
If you are a consumer and wish to open an EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or a Swiss-U.S. DPF Dispute Resolution case, please file a claim using the link below:
File a Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Claim
Additional Resources
Questions/Contact
If you have any additional questions you may contact our DPF coordinator via email
.
Mara Satterthwaite,
msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
JAMS DPF Dispute Resolution Fee Schedule
PROFESSIONAL FEES
There is no fee associated with listing JAMS as the ADR provider in a self-certification submission under the DPF Program. Fees apply only if a DPF matter is brought to JAMS.
Hourly and daily rates vary depending on neutral. Neutrals are independent contractors and set their own Professional Fees.
In compliance with the EU, UK, and Swiss data protection initiatives, 100% of ADR fees associated with a DPF matter brought by a consumer will be the responsibility of the respondent company; consumers will not be responsible for any portion of these fees.
For non-consumer matters, hearing fees are divided equally among all parties.
Professional Fees include time spent for hearings, pre- and post-hearing reading and research, and award preparation.
MEDIATION FEES
Initial non-refundable fee of $300 per party, applies to first 10 hours of professional time
Time in excess of initial 10 hours is billed at 13% of Professional Fees
The Case Management Fee includes access to an exclusive nationwide panel of judges, attorneys, and other ADR experts, dedicated services including all administration through the duration of the case, document handling, and use of JAMS conference facilities including after hours and on-site business support. Weekends and holidays are subject to additional charges.
Click here for a PDF of this fee schedule
JAMS agreement to render services is with the attorney, the party, and/or other representatives of the party.
www.jamsadr.com • Updated 08/30/2023
Contact Information
msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
Mara E. Satterthwaite, Esq.
7160 Rafael Rivera Way Suite #400 Las Vegas, NV 89113
Scroll to top
Scroll to top
JAMS uses cookies to give users like yourself the best possible content and experience while visiting our website.  By choosing "Accept and close", you agree to the use of all cookies on our website.  To learn more about how JAMS protects your personal information, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.  Please note, by blocking certain types of cookies, you may impact your experience of the site.
You are able to manage your personal cookie preferences at any time by visiting our
Cookie Consent Tool
.
Decline
Accept and Close
Options