You Are Here:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Learn more about our privacy policy and we protect the information entered into this website.
About this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the websites and mobile application provided by Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi (“we,” “us,” or “our”).
IMPORTANT NOTE:
This Privacy Policy applies to individually identifiable information and information that you provide to us for purposes of obtaining medical care through our Services (information related to your healthcare is also referred to as “Protected Health Information” or “PHI”). Such information is subject to laws and regulations of the UAE as applied in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, including the UAE Federal laws and the laws and regulations of the Department of Health Abu Dhabi and the UAE Ministry of Health (the UAE Laws).
The UAE Laws dictate how Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi can use and share your individually identifiable information and PHI and also describes your rights with respect to this information. This Privacy Policy supplements these laws and regulations. If there is ever any conflict between this Privacy Policy and UAE Laws, Department of Health Abu Dhabi, or UAE Ministry of Health regulations, the UAE Laws will apply.
Collection of Information
Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi may collect some or all of the following types of information:
Contact information, such as your full name, email address, mobile phone number, and address
Payment information, such as your credit card number, expiration date, and credit card security code
Personal health information, including information about your diagnosis, previous treatments, general health, and health insurance
Doctor reviews
Any other information you may consent to provide to us.
We may combine such information with information we already have collected about you.
When there are errors in your personal identifiable information, e.g., name, mobile number, date of birth, etc., Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi will make corrections to ensure that the information is accurate. Upon your authorization, your personal identifiable information can be changed or updated.
We may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, device and advertising identifiers, browser type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before and after using the Services, the date and time of your visit, information about the links you click and pages you view within the Services, and other standard server log information.
We may use cookies, pixel tags, Local Shared Objects, and similar technologies to automatically collect this information. Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your computer’s web browser. Pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “web beacons” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”) are similar to standard cookies except that they can be larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player. By using the Services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies.
We may also collect technical data to address and fix technical problems and improve our Services. Your device or browser settings may permit you to control the collection of this technical data. By using the Services, you are consenting to us or any party acting on our behalf collecting this technical data
Required Google Play Disclosures for Certain Health Apps
For our application to be available in the Google Play store, we must provide some further information as detailed in the
Google Play App Notice
.
Information from Third-Party Services.
If you access the Services from an advertisement on a third-party website, application, or other service (a “Third-Party Service”) we may receive information from the owner of the Third-Party Service related to you or that advertisement.
Information we obtain from your healthcare providers and other sources.
In connection with Services that involve medical treatment, we may collect medical records from your past, current, and future health care providers (to the extent applicable). This may include information about your diagnosis, previous treatments, general health, laboratory and pathology test results and reports, social histories, any family history of illness, and records about phone calls and emails related to your illness.
We may also receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations. We may combine our first-party data, such as your email address or name, with third-party data from other sources and use this to contact you (e.g. through direct mail). For example, if you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, through the Services to login to the Services or to share information about your experience on the Services with others, we may collect information from these third-party services.
Use of Information
We may use the information we collect online to:
Provide and improve the Services
Give a personalized experience on websites and application such as personalizing content, user preferences, and languages;Collect non-identifying personal information so we can provide our customer service to you and improve our services. This includes from the time you began using the application, any error messages or codes, the model of the device used and its operating system, and the version of our mobile application that is available. If you use Android devices, we also collect your connection type (cellular or WiFi) information during an error;
Contact you
Fulfill your requests for products, services, and information
Send you information about additional clinical services or general wellness from us or on behalf of our affiliates
Access personal information collected by Apple’s HealthKit or Google Fit which is integrated with the Health application on your respective mobile device. This personal information will be encrypted by identifiers to assist with identifying you when you use Apple’s HealthKit or Google Fit personal information and it is then stored on your device. If you choose to stop using Apple HealthKit or Google Fit or delete our mobile application, the encrypted personal information is also deleted and removed;
Use your device to temporarily hold copies of documents (e.g. image or a letter) which are deleted when the application is closed.
Use your device to temporarily store identifiers and times for your upcoming appointments in your device’s storage to detect when you arrive for an upcoming appointment. When you stop using our mobile application or you disable the feature, such identifiers (and location data, Bluetooth data) are removed from the in-application storage.
Analyze the use of our Services and user data to understand and improve Services
Conduct research using your information, which may be subject to your separate written authorization
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with our Terms of Use and
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
Sharing of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect.
You have the right to request copies of your medical record. Protected Health Information (PHI) that is disclosed electronically via email will be sent securely via password protected file or secure email.
Authorized third-party vendors and service providers
We may share your information with third-party vendors and service providers that help us with specialized services, including billing, payment processing, providing medical advice for telemedicine services, management and hosting of telemedicine services, customer service, email deployment, business analytics, marketing (including but not limited to advertising, attribution, deep-linking, direct mail, mobile marketing, optimization and retargeting) advertising, performance monitoring, hosting, and data processing. These third-party vendors and service providers may not use your information for purposes other than those related to the services they are providing to us.
Corporate affiliates
We may share your information with M42  and its affiliates, including Healthpoint Hospital, Imperial College London Diabetes Center, Abu Dhabi Telemedicine Centre, Amana Healthcare, Mubadala etc. for continuation and coordination of your healthcare.
Legal purposes
We may disclose information to respond to court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, health, safety, and security of Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi, patients, users, or the public.
Business Transfers
With your consent or at your direction, we may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent or direction.
If you choose to engage in public activities on the third-party sites that we link to, you should be aware that any information you share there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these sites and forums. You should use caution in disclosing personal information while participating in these areas. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit in public areas.
No information provided by patients during medical consultations or requests for medical appointments is ever used for marketing purposes.
Security
We use measures to protect your personal identifiable and Confidential Health Information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction in accordance with applicable UAE Laws. We use measures designed to protect other information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Your Choices
You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your web browser settings. Because each web browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your web browser (typically in the “help” section). Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable Local Shared Objects and similar technologies. For example, Local Shared Objects can be controlled through the instructions on Adobe’s Setting Manager page. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of the Services may no longer be available to you.
We do not share Protected Health Information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
Third-party Links and Content
Some of the Services may contain links to content maintained by third parties that we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Limiting Data Collection and Do Not Track
Opt-out. To opt-out of interest-based advertising across browsers and devices from companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance or Network Advertising Initiative opt-out programs, please visit their respective websites. You may also be able to opt-out of interest-based advertising through the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device, but you opt-out choice may apply only to the browser or device you are using when you opt-out, so you should opt-out on each of your browsers and devices. If you opt-out, you will still receive ads but they may not be as relevant to you and your interests, and your experience on our Services may be degraded.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not act in response to these signals.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will revise the “Effective Date” date above and post the new Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Services to stay informed of our privacy practices.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please email us at
privacy@clevelandclinicabudhabi.ae