Privacy Policy
SCANDALOOK SRL (“SCANDALOOK”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy explains how we use any personal information that you provide to us through our website, app or call-centers (collectively called “the service”). Please read it carefully. We may change this policy. We will post any changes on this page, so please check back frequently.
By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content, including photos, comments and other materials ("User Content"), to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users").
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with information in several ways, including by filling in forms on our websites or on our apps or by corresponding with us by phone, email and live chat. This includes information you provide when you register for an account, enter into a contract for the supply of services, enter a competition, promotion or survey or report problems with our services.
The personal information that you provide may include your username, name, address, email address, password, phone number, birthday, Instagram account information, Facebook account information, Pinterest account information and other information about you to enable us to create you an account on the SCANDALOOK platform.
You may also provide us with personal content such as photos, comments and other material that you post on the service.
Information we collect about you
When you use our websites or apps, we automatically collect information about your device, including your IP address, your unique device identifier, information about your visit (including how you got to our websites) and how you use our services. We may combine this information with other information you have provided to us or which we have received from other sources.
When you visit the service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use SCANDALOOK and provide features to you.
When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by SCANDALOOK.
We may also collect Metadata from user generated content. Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted.
Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords when you post a photo), geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo), comments or other data. This makes your User Content more searchable by others and more interactive. If you geotag your photo or tag your photo using other's APIs then, your latitude and longitude will be stored with the photo and searchable (e.g., through a location or map feature) if your photo is made public by you in accordance with your privacy settings.
Information we receive from other sources
We work closely with third parties (for example, business partners, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. This could include socio-demographic information and information about your likely interests based on your previous web browsing and purchases. We may combine this information with other information you have provided to us or which we collected about you.
How we use your personal information
We use personal information about you in connection with the following purposes:
Providing our services to you and fulfilling your requests
Providing you an account on the service that allows you to browse apparels and influencers. Storing your account preferences in order to remember them each time you log into the service.
Storing and analyzing “like” information in order to provide you with content you may also like.
Marketing and advertising
Providing you and others with information about goods and services that our partners offer that we think may interest you or them, which may be based on inferences about your or their likely interests based on your activity on websites and apps operated by SCANDALOOK or third parties.
Customizing or enhancing your experience of our service, which may use inferences about your likely interests based on your activity on websites or apps operated by SCANDALOOK or third parties.
Delivering relevant advertising to you on websites and apps operated by SCANDALOOK or third parties or in direct communications from us, which may use inferences about your likely interests based on your activity on websites and apps operated by SCANDALOOK or third parties.
Measuring and understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others.
Service improvement and account management
Ensuring that our content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
Administering our websites and apps and for internal business administration (for example, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes).
Protecting our interests and those of third parties and as part of our efforts to keep our services safe and secure.
Managing and operating your account with us.
Legal basis for processing
Our legal basis for processing your personal information for the purposes described above will typically be one of the following:
Consent
You have consented to us using your personal information for this purpose (for example, when you create an account with us, agree to receive marketing emails from us or create an alert). You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting the information from your account or updating your marketing preferences.
Legitimate interests
It is in our legitimate interests to use your personal information to operate, improve and promote our services (for example, when we customise your experience of our services or use your information for analytics purposes) and to protect our business.
Sharing your personal information
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside SCANDALOOK without your consent, except as noted in this Policy.
Parties with whom we may share your information:
We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that SCANDALOOK is part of, or that become part of that group ("Affiliates"). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates' own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences).
We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.
We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
Parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content:
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings that you set. Once you have shared User Content, that User Content may be re-shared by others.
Subject to your profile and privacy settings, any User Content that you make public is searchable by other Users.
If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties have copied or saved that information.
What happens in the event of a change of control:
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of SCANDALOOK or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
Responding to legal requests and preventing harm:
We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
Storing your personal information
We may transfer, store or process your personal information outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The laws in some countries may not provide as much legal protection for your personal information as in the EEA.
By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. Where we use service providers outside the EEA, we rely on approved data transfer mechanisms (for example, the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and the EU-US Privacy Shield) to ensure that your personal information is adequately safeguarded in the recipient country.
Unfortunately, transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal information, but we cannot guarantee its security and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We keep your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. These periods vary depending on the nature of the information and your interactions with us. You can delete your SCANDALOOK account at any time using the account settings page.
Cookies
We use cookies and other similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our websites and apps (including when you browse third party websites). This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use our services (for example, to remember your login details and improve our services).
We also use cookies and similar technologies to show you more personalized advertising, including SCANDALOOK ads on other websites. You may adjust the settings on your browser to refuse cookies but some of our services may not work if you do so.
Opting out of collection of information by third party advertisers
Our third party advertisers and advertising network providers (“Ad Providers”) may provide you with ads on our websites and apps or on other websites. To make those ads more relevant and help measure their effectiveness, the Ad Providers may use cookies and similar technologies. They record your activity (including pages visited) and estimate what information interests you most. They use this information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can do this at any time by updating your email preferences in your SCANDALOOK account or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing email we send you. You can also opt out of marketing by emailing contact@scandalook.com.
Data protection law gives you the right to access your personal information, to object to the use of your personal information for certain purposes, and the right to erase, restrict or receive a machine-readable copy of your personal information. You can access, update and delete your SCANDALOOK account information by logging into your account, in the profile section of you website or app. If you cannot fulfil your request using these tools, please email contact@scandalook.com or contact us using the address below.
We will handle your request in accordance with the law. This means there may be legal reasons why we cannot fulfil all requests.
Links to third party websites
Our websites and apps may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy does not apply to those other websites and we do not accept liability for the content of any other website. Please check the privacy policy of any other website before submitting any personal information to it.
Children’s privacy
SCANDALOOK does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at contact@scandalook.com
Contact us
If you have questions about this privacy policy or the way in which SCANDALOOK processes your personal information, you can contact us using the details below:
Post: Data Protection Department, SCANDALOOK SRL, 50 Avenue Franklin Roosevelt, 1050 Ixelles, Belgique
Email: contact@scandalook.com
We hope that we will be able to resolve any questions or concerns you have.
Updated: 3 May 2019