Deutsche Bank
Corporates/Institutions
Private Clients
Client logins
Locations
Home
What we do
Overview
Products and services
Client logins, online banking
Locations worldwide
Mobile services
Corporate Bank
DWS
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Reports
Awards
Responsibility
Art & Culture
Society
Sustainability
Sustainability Deep Dive
Responsibility reports
Focus topics
Corporate venture capital
Deutsche Bank at COP28
Digital disruption
Entrepreneurial success
Europe
Responsible growth
Technology Transformation
Who we are
Overview
Strategy
Our culture
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Netiquette
Global network
Addresses and contact
Global Advisory Board
Boards and committees
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Committees of the Supervisory Board
History
Historical Institute
History of Deutsche Bank
Historical publications
Frequently asked questions
Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
Media
Overview
News
Events
Social Media
Social media channels
Netiquette
Videos
Focus Topics
Images
What Next
Overview
Digital Disruption
How to defend against the greatest threats of our digital age
After the hype – what’s next for the metaverse?
How cloud technology is silently revolutionising our economy
AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
Responsible Growth
Protecting biodiversity
Circular economy: a way out of the dead end?
Climate emergency: can green tech save us?
Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?
Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
Entrepreneurial Success
Which way to a radically new future of work?
Resilience: the recipe for a strong economy
My way, your way – different paths to success
What does it take to make bold moves in business?
How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond coronavirus?
You are here:
Home
Legal resources
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
At Deutsche Bank we recognise the importance of personal information entrusted to us. It is one of our fundamental responsibilities as a bank to ensure that we protect the information entrusted to us by our clients and our website visitors. Please find below select security measures we established to protect your privacy.
Why does Deutsche Bank collect personal information?
We collect, process, and use personal information on our websites in order to offer you even better products and services, best adapt our business processes to our clients’ needs, and steer you to the most suitable product information and online banking applications.
Show content of
How is information collected and how long is it retained?
Information collected on our website will only be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. If you wish to access or correct any information Deutsche Bank AG holds about you, you may have your data deleted, blocked or corrected (as long as compliant with applicable law). You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you; this service is free of charge.
Show content of
What information is collected and how is it used?
This information is collected using pseudonymised tracking and is then forwarded to us:
Data tracking
Tracking information includes details of the originating page that you used to access the Deutsche Bank website including the search requests you may have made when using a search engine. Details of the Deutsche Bank websites you visited and which search terms you may have used on the website are also collected, as well as additional information about website errors, website scrolling and the volume of data transferred between your browser and the web server.
Length of stay
We record the duration of your visit by processing when your visit started and came to an end as well as the network activity time, pop-up display time and the time that any errors occurred.
Pseudonymised IDs
Your pseudonymised IDs (uniquely identifiable number combinations) are stored In order to identify you as a repeat visitor to our website.
Session information
Besides temporary session IDs, with which your visit can be assigned via several subpages, your session information also includes the duration of the session.
Campaign information
Campaign information comprises the advertising media you have clicked on, where it is located and which marketing campaign it belongs to.
Loading times
The information collected includes the time taken for images and the whole website to load, as well as the time at which the website was loaded completely and the time spent on the website.
Location information
Where available, we collect information about the postcode, town, country, longitude, latitude and time zone of your visit.
System information
The information about the system with which you visit the website, including the display resolution, the operating system and browser used, network and connection information, the end device used, information about cookies, flash and JavaScript as well as the language setting, your domain, the IP address (shortened) and where applicable your organisation (if available)
We use the information collected on our websites to compile user profiles using pseudonyms. These pseudonymised user profiles do not allow any of your personal details to be identified. You can opt out of your information being collected by using the “Analytics & Re-Marketing Opt-out” link further down this page. Without your explicit consent this tracking information will not be combined with your personal information.
Show content of
How is information retained, protected, and used?
Information input collected through this website will be transferred to the responsible Deutsche Bank AG division. Banking secrecy as well as confidentiality are maintained. Data will not be transferred to third parties, unless necessary to answer your queries (i.e. leaflets dispatched by vendors). Your information is used to exclusively fulfil the purpose for which it is collected, relating to the website through which it is collected.
Websites through which we collect your information are usually encoded using the encryption module of your browser. These sites are certified by renowned institutions for international encryption technique, analogous to Deutsche Bank’s Internet Banking. Moreover, Deutsche Bank AG put in place additional and comprehensive state-of-the-art security measures when both accounts and custody accounts are accessed via the Internet. Firewalls prevent unauthorized access.
Diverse encryption and identification layers protect customer information from intrusion or disclosure to third parties during data transfer. Furthermore, Deutsche Bank AG internally uses sophisticated encoding methods in order to prevent de-coding by unauthorised persons. Moreover, an electronic identifier is generated during data transfer to safeguard your information.
Show content of
Data privacy notices and EU General Data Protection Regulation
In addition to this website-specific privacy notice, further data privacy information, as required by the
EU General Data Protection Regulation
under A. X. in German and English.
Show content of
Data privacy notes on social plugins
Our website uses social plugins (“plugins”) from social networking sites like Facebook, LinkedIn X and XING. If you access a Deutsche Bank website using such a plugin, your browser will contact the server of the underlying social networking site, load the visual presentation of the plugin, and present it to you.
While this is happening, the social networking site receives information concerning your visit to our website, as well as further data such as your IP address. In order to ensure an appropriate level of data privacy in connection with our internet presence, we have deactivated the respective plugins with a button and placed a short data privacy note that can be consulted before a plugin is activated.
Our website also contains links to social networking sites like Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Threads, WeChat, X, XING or YouTube. We have no influence on the data that social networking sites collect via an active plugin or via a link. For more information, please consult the relevant data privacy notice:
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Threads
WeChat
X
XING
YouTube
Show content of
Cookies
In view of the importance of data privacy, and our obligations of transparency, we provide information below about cookies, how we use them on our website.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are sent to your computer to ensure the technical functionality of the website. Deutsche Bank uses cookies in some areas of its web pages to make it easier for you to use the pages and to make them more personalized.
Terminology
When trying to understand cookies, it can help to know following terminology:
Cookies installed on your device by the organization running the website you are visiting are known as “first party” cookies.
Cookies installed on your device via the website you are visiting by another organization are termed “third party” cookies. An example is a cookie set by a specialist website analytics company that provides the website owner with data on the numbers of people visiting its website (Cookies for range and usage analysis).
So-called “persistent cookies” remain on your device even after you close your internet browser. They are activated each time you visit the website that created that particular cookie. For example, where a "persistent cookie" is used on a website to remember your login details, you will not need to enter those details each time you visit that website (Functional and preference cookies).
Session cookies, by contrast, are temporary and are typically used to enable the website to operate, e.g. by permitting a user to move from page to page without having to log in again. Once you close your browser, all session cookies are deleted (Technically necessary cookies).
Flash cookies are installed by websites that contain media (e.g. video clips). Adobe Flash software is required for this. This allows content to be downloaded more quickly and information to be stored, for example that the content has been accessed from your device (Functional and preference cookies).
What cookies do we use?
This website only uses cookies that are necessary for the technical functionality of our website and the recognition of errors and security relevant conspicuous features or to offer a service or functionality requested by you; e.g. a cookie that "remembers" your personal settings such as selected language or similar. Marketing cookies and other cookies requiring your consent are not used on this site.
The following technically necessary cookies are used.
Cookie name
Purpose of use
Class
Lifetime
Type
Processing company
wt3_eid
Fraud detection
Technically necessary
6 months
Persistent
Webtrekk GmbH
wt3_sid
Session management
Technically necessary
Session
Session cookie
Webtrekk GmbH
wt_rla
Bot detection and website security
Technically necessary
Session
Session cookie
Webtrekk GmbH
How to control cookies
Some cookies allow you to take full advantage of the functionality of our website. In order to offer certain functionalities, certain technically necessary cookies can be used to display these functionalities correctly.
You can set your web browser to disable cookies. Please note that most browsers offer different ways to protect your privacy. If you do not activate or deactivate certain cookies via the browser settings, it is possible that certain functionalities will not be available to you as expected. For example, you can allow first-party cookies, but block third-party cookies, or receive a notification each time a website wants to install a cookie.
Please note that if you disable cookies in this way, you will not be able to set new cookies. However, it will not prevent previously set cookies from continuing to work on your device until you clear all cookies in your browser settings. Instructions for managing cookies on your browser can usually be found under the browser's help function or in the operating instructions for your smartphone.
If you are not satisfied with the above information or if you have any questions about the collection, processing or use of your data, please contact us. We will endeavour to reply as quickly as possible and take any suggestions you may have into account.
For any inquiries your personal data that we hold, please email
data.privacy@db.com
or use the following
PDF
form (PDF, in German)
.
close
DE
Deutsch
Accessibility
Accessibility
Sitemap
Sitemap
Contact
Contact
Share