TERMS OF USE
The following Terms of Use, govern the manner in which Dynamite Digital Media collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of
WrestleFeed App
(“App”).
1.   Information we collect
We collect personal identification information from Users including their name and email address when they choose to login and use our app, in connection with use of core activities, services, features or resources we make available on our App. However, such information/data is
NOT
linked to a user’s personal identity. We use such information only for the purpose of creating user accounts on our database so that Users are able to access core app functions such as commenting on posts, creating their own teams in WrestleMoney game, and for contacting us from within the app for technical issues etc.
2.    Cost of using the App (Free)
The App is primarily supported by ads revenue. Therefore, the App is provided per the terms of this Privacy Policy, free without any additional fee to all the users. The minimal ads revenue we generate helps us support our app in terms of hosting, administrative, development & software costs. If in future, any paid features are integrated in any app update, the same shall be disclosed here with full transparency.
3.    Third-Party Advertising & Tracking (Identifiers)
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Application. These companies may use information about your visits to the App and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Further, if you have chosen to allow the App to track your activities outside the app, the third-party advertisers may use information relating to your browsing history and cookies to serve you relevant targeted advertisements in our App by identifying you through your unique Device ID. However, the information shared with such third-parties is
not
linked to your personal identity.
4.    How we use collected information
Dynamite Digital Media may use the collected information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service: Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more
To improve our App: We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To see Analytics: We use information collected from the App to review analytics set up within the app so that we can understand how Users are responding to particular sections or content available on the app.
To fix bugs & crashes: We use crash analytics to improve our offerings and fix bugs.
To serve targeted third-party advertising: Only when you have allowed us permission to track you.
5.    How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our app. Our App is in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
6.    Sharing your personal information
We
DO NOT
sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information
not
linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, developers and trusted affiliates for the purposes outlined above.
7.    Commenting Guidelines & Reporting Abusive Behaviour
At WrestleFeed, we strongly value your opinion and you are free to post your views in form of comments on all items posted on the app. However, we strongly urge all of our users not to indulge in hate speech, abusive language & bullying tactics towards other users of the app. The moderators proactively monitor all comments when posted on different items, however there may be circumstances that some comments go unnoticed or are seen at a later time by the moderators owing to timezone differences and caching. In such cases, if you feel someone has directed any slur or abuse towards you personally, which violates the decorum of our community in any sense or form, we urge you to immediately report the same by sending us an email through the
Contact Us
option in the app.
Once we review the necessary information including but not limited to the item on which such comment was posted, the intent behind the comment including the words/phrases used etc., we will make sure appropriate actions are duly taken including removing such comment and even banning such unscrupulous users from our platform if there appear to be repeated instances of such violations from any particular user on the app. As an alternative, you can also file a report by emailing us at – wrestlefeed@wwfoldschool.com and we will respond to you within 24 hours of receiving your email.
Your acceptance of these Terms of Use
By using this app, you signify your acceptance of these terms or use. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use our app. Your continued use of the app following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.