Web Video Caster®
HOME
RECEIVERS
PRESS KIT
AGREEMENTS
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
INTEGRATIONS
TUTORIALS
Android
iPhone
Kodi
Roku
CONTACT US
General Support
Data Deletion Request
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Web Video Caster
Last modified: May 29, 2022
InstantBits Inc
(referred to in this policy as "Company," "we," "our," "us" or similar terms) respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
Please read this policy carefully
to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register with, or use this App
. By downloading, registering with, or using this App, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this App after we revise this policy means you accept those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (the "
EU
"), you may have additional rights which are described in the relevant portions of this policy, and are identified as applying to EU residents only.
This policy describes:
The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you download, install, access, or use the Web Video Cast or Web Video Caster application (the "
App
").
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies only to information we collect in this App, in email, text, and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with your use of the App.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:
We collect offline or on any other Company apps or websites, including websites you may access through this App.
You provide to or is collected by any third party (see Third-Party Information).
Our websites and apps, and these other third parties, if applicable, may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
Children Under the Age of 16
The App is not intended for children under 16 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at
webvideo+privacy@instantbits.com
.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We collect information from and about users of our App:
Directly from you when you provide it to us through a means such as email.
Automatically when you use the App.
Information You Provide to Us
When you download and use the App, you may provide to us information that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as how the App is used, what pages within the App are visited by our users, and the performance of the App. You may also provide additional information to us which may include the following:
Information that you provide by emailing us.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and phone numbers), if you contact us.
Any other information that you provide directly to us.
Personal Data and Anonymous Data
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). If you provide it to us (i.e. during an interaction over email or phone with our support team) we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
which may include first name, maiden name, last name, or similar identifier, but only if you provide it to us.
Contact Data
which may include your email address and/or phone number, but only if you provide it to us.
Transaction Data
which may include details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
which may include internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this App.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our App, products and services.
The following two paragraphs apply only to residents of the EU:
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific App feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Automatic Information Collection and Tracking
When you download, access, and use the App, it may use technology to automatically collect:
Usage Details
. When you access and use the App, we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the App in a way that is not personally identifiable to you, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the App.
Country Information
. This App does not collect real-time information about the location of your device, but does provide us with general information about the country in which you are located.
If you do not want us to collect this information do not download the App or delete it from your device, or use the features provided by advertisers through the App to opt out of data collection.
If you are a resident of the EU, you may be entitled to additional rights as provided in this policy. The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:
Cookies (or mobile cookies)
. A cookie is a small file placed on your smartphone or other device. It may be possible to refuse to accept mobile cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your device. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our App.
Web Beacons
. Pages of the App and our communications with you may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related app statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain app content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Information Collection
When you use the App or its content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device. These third parties may include:
Advertisers, ad networks, and ad servers.
Analytics companies.
Your mobile device manufacturer.
Your mobile service provider or internet service provider.
Third parties that you have authorized to monitor your activities.
These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use this app. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and other online services websites. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us to:
Provide you with the App and its contents, and any other information, products or services that you request from us.
Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information.
Any other lawful purpose.
The usage information we collect helps us to improve our App and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our App according to your individual interests.
Improve the App.
We use location information we collect to provide relevant translations of the App to you.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual or device, without restriction.
In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our App users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers or others.
Your Choices About Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding any personal information that you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of your information.
We do not collect personal information about you unless you provide it to us by email. If you do not want us to have your personal information, do not provide it to us.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("
NAI
") on the NAI's website. You may also be able to block these services using features on your device.
You may be able to use features provided in the App or accessible through the App to disable third party tracking or personalized advertising.
EU residents may have additional personal information rights and choices as provided under this policy.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure the information we collect from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through our App. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated and an in-App alert the first time you use the App after we make the change.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes. Historic versions can be obtained by contacting us at
webvideo+privacy@instantbits.com
.
Contact Details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our data privacy manager in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: InstantBits Inc
Email address: webvideo+privacy@instantbits.com.
Postal address: 2250 N Rock Rd Suite 118-213 Wichita KS 67226 USA
Telephone: (316) 778-0463
TERMS THAT ONLY APPLY TO EU RESIDENTS
The remaining terms in this policy only apply to EU residents. The foregoing terms of this policy also apply to EU residents. The terms below will apply if there is any conflict with the terms above.
How We Use Your Information
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where necessary for us to provide our services to you through the App in response to your requests.
Where it is necessary for our Legitimate Interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
As used in this section, "
Legitimate Interest
" means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Purposes for which We Will Use Your Personal Data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal grounds we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
Customer support
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganization or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
International Transfers
Many of our external third parties are based outside the EU so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EU.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see
European	Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries
.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see
European	Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield
.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EU.
How Long Will You Use My Personal Data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
We have designed our processes so that your personal information is frequently deidentified (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research, operational or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data as provided below:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to provide the App and related services to you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
webvideo+privacy@instantbits.com
.
No Fee Usually Required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances if permitted by law.
What We May Need From You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time Limit to Respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Controller
We are the controller and responsible for your personal data that we collect from you.
Copyright © 2025
InstantBits Inc.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ec.europa.eu/info/strategy/justice-and-fundamental-rights/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/eu-us-privacy-shield_en:
Skip to main content