Last updated: February 1, 2022
Our commitment to privacy
You deserve to know how we collect and use the data you provide to us, we are providing that information on this page. The notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Agriland website or our sister sites, specifically AGRIretailer, AgriRECRUIT and our Advertising microsite. This notice was updated in April 2018 to reflect GDPR compliance standards. If you are not happy with our privacy policy, then you should not continue using this site.
Information We Collect
We collect the following information when you use our services:
Information supplied when you use the website or apps
Information which you otherwise provide to us (for example by email or private message); and
Information relating to your use of Agriland.co.uk generally. This may include, for example the polls you’ve voted on or stories you’ve read
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged for our statistical purposes. The technical details logged include:
The IP address of each visitor and the domain of the internet service provider;
The previous website address from which a visitor reached us, including any search terms used;
The type of web browser used by a visitor.
Mobile device identifier or other unique identifier
Computer type
Adverts that you click on or adverts that were displayed to you
We and our third-party service providers (including any third-party content, advertising, and analytics providers) may automatically collect certain information from your device or web browser when you interact with the Services. This will be referred to as “Usage Data” from hereon. Our primary third-party service provider is Google Analytics. Further information on what they collect can be found
here.
Information You Choose To Submit
Additionally we may collect and store personal information which you voluntarily provide to us. You provide this information to us when you sign up for a newsletter, competition or to access other content.
The type of information collected on those pages generally includes but is not limited to:
Email address
Name
Company
Farming Enterprise
Location/Address
Farm Information
We will never share this information with outside parties unless you explicitly agree to it.
How We Use This Information
We and our third-party service providers may use such Usage Data for a variety of purposes including to diagnose problems with our servers and software, to administer the Services, to gather demographic information and to target advertising to you on the Services and elsewhere online.
We will also use this information to better provide you with content and information we think you will be interested in.
Accordingly, our third-party advertising networks and ad servers will also provide us with information, including reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked on the Services in a manner that does not identify personally any specific individual.
The Usage Data we collect is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we will treat it as Personal Data.
Unless explicitly stated we do not share, sell or rent this information with any outside parties.
How We Use Cookies
Agriland.co.uk uses a number of cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. These cookies uniquely identify your browser. If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
.
Click the link below to see a list of all the cookies that we set and how we use them:
https://www.agriland.co.uk/cookie-policy/
.
Third Party Cookies
Cookies are created not just by Agriland.co.uk but also by other websites that run ads, or other elements on the Agriland.co.uk website.  We use third party advertisements to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited.
Controlling Cookies
You are free to disable cookies by modifying your browser preferences. However it is important to note that you may lose functions of this site if you choose to restrict or disable cookies. Cookies are meant to improve the user experience.
Our commitment to the security of your data
To prevent unauthorized parties from accessing your data and maintain the accuracy and cleanliness of our own data while ensuring the correct use of it, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
This policy may change from time-to-time and we encourage you to check back periodically to see any updates to the policy.
Agriland Media UK Limited, its directors, employees, servants and agents, affiliates or other representatives and their respective parent and subsidiary companies, shall not be liable in respect of any claims, emergencies, demands, causes of action, damages, losses, expenses, including without limitation, reasonable legal fees and costs of proceedings arising out of or in connection with the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to the User in accordance with this privacy statement and your consents.
External Sites
The User should be aware that where the User links to another website from the Site, that Agriland Media UK Limited has no control over that other website. Agriland Media UK Limited has no responsibility for the privacy practices of other websites.
User Generated Content
Agriland Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Agriland Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Agriland Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites.
Agriland Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Agriland Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Agriland Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites.