Privacy policy
Your privacy is important to us.
Nino Finance, Inc. (“
CoinTracker
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”) has prepared this Privacy Policy to explain what personal information
        we collect, how we use and share that information and your choices concerning
        our information practices. Through our website (the “
Site
”) and mobile application (the “
App
”), we track your cryptocurrency portfolio’s
        performance and help calculate related capital gains and losses (the “
Service
”).
Before using the Service or submitting any personal information to
        CoinTracker, please review this Privacy Policy carefully and
contact us
if you have any questions.
        By using the Service, you agree to the practices described in this Privacy
        Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access
        the Site or otherwise use the Service. This Privacy Policy is incorporated
        into and forms part of our
Terms of Service
.
1.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION
Personal Information You Provide:
we collect the following
        categories of personal information from you:
Identification Information
:
We collect your email address and password.
Cryptocurrency Information
:
We collect the public wallet address for each cryptocurrency
              holding you connect to the Service and the associated transaction
              history including the dates and amounts of each transaction.
              Depending on how you configure your CoinTracker account, we may
              pull the transaction history directly from the blockchain, collect
              it from the exchange that processed the transaction for you (if
              you give us read access to your account at the relevant exchange)
              or get it from materials or information you upload through the
              Service.
Financial Information
:
Our payment processor(s) will collect the financial information
              necessary to process your payments, such as your payment card
              number and authentication details. Please note, however, that we
              store only a tokenized version of such information and do not
              maintain payment card information on our servers.
Communication Information
:
We may collect information when you contact us with questions or
              concerns and when you voluntarily respond to questionnaires,
              surveys, or requests for market research seeking your opinion and
              feedback.
Social Media Information
:
We maintain a social media presence on platforms like Twitter and
              YouTube. When you interact with us on social media, we may receive
              personal information that you provide or make available to us
              based on your settings, such as your profile information.
Internet Activity Information
:
When you visit, use, and interact with the Service, the following
        information may be created and automatically logged in our systems:
Device Information
:
The manufacturer and model, operating system, IP address, and
              unique identifiers of the device, as well as the browser you use
              to access the Service. The information we collect may vary based
              on your device type and settings.
Usage Information
:
information about how you use our Service, such as the types of
              content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the
              actions you take, and the time, frequency, and duration of your
              activities. We use Google Analytics, and Mixpanel to help collect
              and analyze usage information. Here are more details about how
Google
and
Mixpanel
use this information. In addition, we use
FullStory
to optimize this service. FullStory allows us to analyze time spent
              on pages and user journeys. All text and account data is masked and
              never visible to FullStory.
Location Information
:
We may derive a rough estimate of your location from your IP
              address when you visit the Site.
Email Open/Click Information
:
We may use pixels in our email campaigns that allow us to collect
              your email and IP address as well as the date and time you open an
              email or click on any links in the email.
The following technologies may be used to collect Internet Activity
        Information:
Cookies
, which are text files stored on your
              device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information
              or settings in the browser to help you navigate between pages
              efficiently, remember your preferences, enable functionality, help
              us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitate online
              advertising.
Local storage technologies
, like HTML5, that
              provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store larger
              amounts of data, including on your device outside of your browser
              in connection with specific applications.
Web beacons
, also known as pixel tags or clear
              GIFs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was
              accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked.
Personal Information Collected from Third Parties:
Tax Information
: if you share your CoinTracker
              account with third party tax advisors, and those tax advisors
              cannot identify you based on the Identification Information we
              collect when you create your account, we may collect additional
              information about you from your advisors, such as the last four
              digits of your social security number, to permit those advisors to
              identify your account. Please note, however, that we do not
              collect or store your full social security number.
Third-party login information
: when you link,
              connect, or log in to the Service with a third-party service, such
              as Google, you direct such third parties to send us information
              associated with your account on that service, as controlled by
              that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at
              that service.
Personal Information We Create
: we use your
        cryptocurrency information to create reports relating to your capital
        gains and losses and tax liability.
Personal Information We Process on Behalf of Our Partners
: we occasionally integrate with certain third-party partners (such as tax
        preparation software providers) and provide the Service to their users. If
        we do and the third party partner owns the user relationship, we will process
        the users’ personal information as a data processor pursuant to our agreements
        with our partners rather than this Privacy Policy. If you are such a user
        and have questions about the processing of your information or want to exercise
        one of your privacy rights, please contact the partner that you interact
        with directly.
2.
PERSONAL INFORMATION USE
Your personal information is used for the following purposes:
Service Deliver
, including to:
Track your cryptocurrency portfolio’s performance and help
              calculate related capital gains and losses;
Provide and secure the Service;
Create, maintain, and authenticate your account;
Give your tax advisors access to your account (with your consent);
              and
Process transactions through our third-party payment processors.
These activities are necessary to perform our contract with you.
Communicating with You
: to send you updates about
        administrative matters such as changes to our terms or policies, provide
        user support, and respond to your requests, questions, and feedback.
        These activities are necessary for our legitimate interests of providing
        user support and keeping you informed of administrative changes.
Service Improvement, including to
improve the Service and create new features;
personalize your experience; and
create and derive insights from de-identified and aggregated
              information.
These activities are necessary for our legitimate interest in analyzing
        how the Service is used, enhancing and personalizing users’ experience,
        improving the Service, and developing new features and services.
Marketing and Advertising
: we and our advertising
        partners may use your personal information for marketing and advertising
        purposes, including:
Direct Marketing
: to send you direct marketing
              communications as permitted by law, including, but not limited to,
              notifying you of special promotions, offers, and events via email.
Interest-Based Advertising
: we engage advertising
              partners, including third-party advertising companies and social
              media companies, to display ads on the Service and other online
              services. These companies may use cookies and similar technologies
              to collect information about your interaction over time across the
              Service, our communications, and other online services, and use
              that information to serve online ads that they think will interest
              you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share
              information about our users with these companies to facilitate
              interest-based advertising to our or similar users (known as a
              “lookalike audience”) on other online platforms.
Where necessary we obtain your consent for marketing.
Compliance and Protection
, including to:
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal processes,
              such as responding to subpoenas or requests from government
              authorities;
Protect our, your, or others’ rights, privacy, safety, or property
              (including by making and defending legal claims);
Audit our compliance with legal and contractual requirements and
              internal policies; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful,
              unauthorized, unethical, or illegal activity, including
              cyberattacks and identity theft.
These activities are necessary to comply with our legal obligations and
        for our legitimate interest in exercising or protecting rights and
        maintaining safety and security.
3.
PERSONAL INFORMATION SHARING
We do not sell, rent, license, or lease your personal information to
        third parties. However, in certain circumstances we may share the
        categories of personal information described above without further
        notice to you, unless required by the law, with the following categories
        of third parties:
Service Providers
: to assist us in meeting
              business operations needs and to perform certain services and
              functions, we may share personal information with service
              providers, including hosting services, cloud services, and other
              information technology services, email communication software and
              email newsletter services, advertising and marketing services,
              payment processors, customer relationship management and customer
              support services, and analytics services. Pursuant to our
              instructions, these parties will access, process, or store
              personal information in the course of performing their duties to
              us. We take commercially reasonable steps to ensure our service
              providers adhere to the
security standards
we apply to your
              personal information.
Professional Advisors
: we may share personal
              information with our professional advisors such as lawyers and
              accountants where doing so is necessary to facilitate the services
              they render to us. If you share your CoinTracker account with one
              of your tax or other advisors we will share your personal
              information with those advisors.
Business Transfers
: if we are involved in a
              merger, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy,
              receivership, dissolution, sale of all or a portion of our assets,
              or transition of service to another provider (collectively a
              “Transaction”), your personal information may be shared in the
              diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with
              the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as
              part of or following that Transaction along with other assets.
Legal Requirements
: we do not volunteer your
              personal information to government authorities or regulators, but
              we may disclose your personal information where required to do so
              for the Compliance and Protection purposes described above.
4.
PERSONAL INFORMATION RETENTION
We keep personal information for as long as reasonably necessary for the
        purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a business need
        to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting, or
        other purposes), whichever is longer.
To determine the appropriate retention period, we will consider the
        amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the
        potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your
        personal information, the purposes for which we use your personal
        information, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other
        means, and the applicable legal requirements.
5.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
As a CoinTracker user you have the following rights:
Knowledge
. You can request information about the
              categories of personal information that CoinTracker has collected
              about you, the business purpose for collecting your personal
              information, the categories of sources from which the personal
              information was collected, whether CoinTracker has disclosed your
              personal information for business purposes, the categories of
              personal information so disclosed, and the categories of third
              parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information (we
              provide this information in the Personal Information
Collection
,
Use
, and
Sharing
sections above);
Access and Data Portability
. You can request a
              copy of the personal information that we maintain about you in a
              structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
Deletion and Correction
. You can ask us to delete
              or correct the personal information that we hold about you.
Objection
. You may have the right to object to
              how we use your personal information.
Restrict Processing
. You may ask us to suspend
              our processing of your personal information, for example, if you
              want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Opt-Out
. You can opt-out of marketing
              communications by following the opt-out or unsubscribe
              instructions contained in any marketing communication we send you.
              You can also control the communications you receive through your
settings page
.
Withdraw Consent
: where we rely on your consent
              to process personal information about you, you have the right to
              later withdraw your consent in the manner indicated when you
              consent or by contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please
contact us
to exercise your rights. Your authorized agent may
        submit requests in the same way. After receiving your request we may request
        additional information to verify your identity. You can also submit a complaint
        to the
data protection regulator in your jurisdiction
. We will not treat you differently for exercising your rights.
Do Not Track
. We honor
“Do Not Track”
signals and do not
        track, plant cookies, or use advertising when we receive a “Do Not Track”
        signal.
6.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
CoinTracker is headquartered in the US. The US may have data protection
        laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in the EU.
        Transfers of your personal information to CoinTracker in the US are
        necessary to perform the agreement we have entered into, or are about to
        enter into, with you.
Before July 16, 2020, we relied on our EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
        certification to transfer personal information from the EU to the U.S.
        On July 16, 2020, the European Court of Justice ruled that the EU-U.S.
        Privacy Shield is no longer available for these transfers. Before
        September 8, 2020, we relied on our Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
        certification to transfer personal information from Switzerland to the
        US but on September 8, 2020 the Swiss Federal Data Protection and
        Information Commissioner determined that the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
        is no longer available for these transfers. We continue to comply with
        the Privacy Shield Principles described in the Privacy Shield section
        below as required by the US Department of Commerce.
Privacy Shield
CoinTracker
complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss–U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks
as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection,
        use, and retention of personal information transferred from the EU to the
        U.S.
CoinTracker is subject to oversight by the US Federal Trade Commission.
JAMS
is the US-based
        independent organization responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints
        about our Privacy Shield compliance — free of charge to you. Should you have
        any complaints, please contact us. If you are not satisfied with our response,
        please contact JAMS. In the event your concern still is not addressed by
        JAMS, you may be entitled to binding arbitration under Privacy Shield and
        its principles.
Within the scope of our authorization to do so, and in accordance with
        our commitments under the Privacy Shield, CoinTracker will provide
        individuals access to personal information about them. CoinTracker will
        also take reasonable steps to enable individuals to correct, amend, or
        delete personal information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate.
CoinTracker is responsible for the processing of personal information it
        receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers
        to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. CoinTracker complies
        with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal
        information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability
        provisions.
7.
CHILDREN
Our Service is not directed to children who are under the age of 18.
        CoinTracker does not knowingly collect personal information from
        children under the age of 18. If you believe that a child under the age
        of 18 provided personal information to CoinTracker please
contact us
and we will delete that information.
8.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or
        controlled by CoinTracker, including social media services (“
Third Party Sites
”). The information that you share
        with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies
        and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy
        Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have
        reviewed these sites. Please contact the Third Party Sites directly for
        information on their privacy practices and policies.
9.
SECURITY
We employ a number of technical, organizational, and physical
safeguards
designed to protect the personal information
        we collect. However, no security measures are 100% failsafe and we cannot
        guarantee the security of your personal information. You use the Service
        at your own risk.
10.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Service and our business may change from time to time. As a result,
        we may change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do we will post
        an updated version on this page unless another type of notice is
        required by applicable law. By continuing to use our Service or
        providing us with personal information after we have posted an updated
        Privacy Policy, or notified you by other means if applicable, you
        consent to the revised Privacy Policy and the practices described in it.
11.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or information
        practices, please feel free to
contact us
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt00000008RfMAAU:
Skip to content
Coin Tracker
Inactive Participant
Industries
Participation
Dispute Resolution
Industries
Information and Communications Technology
Software
Application Software
Participation
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Inactive  - Lapse
Original Certification Date:  5/16/2018
Inactive Start Date: 2/18/2023
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Inactive  - Lapse
Original Certification Date:  5/16/2018
Inactive Start Date: 2/18/2023
Purpose of Data Collection
CoinTracker provides a cryptocurrency portfolio and tax manager so that our customers can calculate their tax obligations on their cryptocurrency holdings.

In providing these services, CoinTracker processes data our customers submit to the Services or instruct us to process on their behalves in connection with the services ("Customer Data.")

While our customers decide what data to submit, Customer Data typically includes full names and email addresses.
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint, please contact Nino Finance Inc. at:
Chandan Lodha
Mr
Nino Finance Inc.
Cointracker Compliance
2093 Philaldelphia Pike #2046
Claymont, Delaware  19703
compliance@cointracker.com
Phone:
+1(202) 482-1512
Fax:
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Nino Finance Inc. regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission